I like thrillers a lot.
Zodiac's one of my favorite movies. Zodiac the movie about a serial killer from the '60s or '70s, around there.
And I just think serial killers, in general, are interesting, so the movie was really good. And it was just neat to see that world. Like it went really in-depth. It was like almost 3 hours long, so you got to really feel like you were a part of that world and time period. And see what the detectives and the police did and the investigators.
Yeah. It was really an immersive movie.
Probably the main character, Robert Graysmith, just cuz he's awkward and bumbly. So, I guess that's the one I would be the closest to.
Probably the most memorable one is the murder at the lake. Just cuz it's really vivid and horrific to watch. But it's very memorable.
Not that I can think of.
I haven't seen that.
I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it.
Not particularly. I don't really like comic book movies that much. But I really wanted to see Deadpool, so I'd probably be more willing to watch that than most comic book movies.
I don't know. It just seems a unique concept and different, not just the standard superhero movie. And it's more of a comedy, so that's unique.
Yep, I think most people do.
I'm not a big action movie fan like Die Hard or like Rambo movies. I don't hate them, I just think they're boring. Like I can't watch a lot of them, or else I get sick of them.
Never seen it. I know what it is, but I haven't seen it.
Just in general? I'm not I'm not picky about actors. Like I won't see a movie just cuz I don't like the actor in it.
I mean I like certain actors more than others, but I wouldn't say I have a favorite actor.
Catch Me If You Can
It's just an interesting story and it's based on a true story and it's got Leonardo Dicaprio in it, another good actor.
Yep.
Yeah, I mostly like comedy movies.
Well I like that kind of movie because you know, it'll make me laugh, and I often watch movies with my girlfriend, and I want to make sure whatever we watch, it's something we can both enjoy and and relax while watching.
Yeah, I really enjoyed The Longest Yard with Adam Sandler.
I liked the acting. It's a lot of humor and gags in the movie. It had a good pace, good pacing. The story made sense. Yeah, very funny movie.
Oh great.
Yeah, sure. Good question. Not really a fan of Hallmark movies, that kind of romantic comedy. Mostly because they typically have pretty bad acting. Yeah, not for me.
Well, I guess another reason would be that the stories are all typically same or very similar. There's no It's just it's just very boiler plate. There's nothing There's not much new about each new Hallmark movie.
That's exactly right.
I have not seen Jurassic World, no. But I saw the original Jurassic Park
I liked the original a lot. Very creative movie. Very ahead of it's time with the computer generated imagery CGI. Yeah, it is it still holds up. It's still is a great movie even compared to anything that that's coming out today.
I really like comedy movies.
I love to laugh and comedy movies, that's their whole purpose. Make you laugh.
I liked Step Brothers.
Had some amazing one-liners that still get used today even though the movie was made awhile ago.
I don't like RV.
And I just didn't It was just so slow and boring. I didn't like it.
I have seen the movie Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Hello. I like horror movies.
I like to feel that inside of you that scares you to death, but you still want to continue watching the movie. I like when I feel goosies all over my arms, you know? That's the reason why I like it.
Saw
Because it was sad, it was a horror movie and it was like playing a game, you want to play a game with me and they will catch people and put them in a home let's say in a house and they will lock them and they need to find the way to leave. But in order to leave a place they will have to end up dead.
But I do like all the movies.
Let me think. Well, I don't know. Emily Rose, maybe. Emily Rose.
It was fake. You could tell that it was poorly made, and I didn't get scared at all.
I have not watched that movie.
I have not watched that movie, either.
I did watch it.
kind of cool, but not my cup of tea.
I have not watched that movie.
Oh yeah. I watched that movie.
I loved it because it was a woman, the powerful one in the movie, finally. And it's always just the guy doing everything, you know what I'm saying?
She was very beautiful, her hair was amazing.
I am drawn to romances.
I have not. I know of it very well, but I have not seen it.
Maybe White House Down was surprising for me.
I didn't go into it with high expectations at all. I thought it was just going to be I don't know, a lot of blowing up, pretty dumb, but was it It was I think when I watched it, it was summer day or summer night where almost nothing seemed to be on cable, and I was just looking for something to watch, and I thought, oh, okay, it stars Channing Tatum. I'll watch that. Or I'll turn to that. I probably won't be there for too long. It ended up being a ton of fun. It was like a new version of Die Hard. They had a lot of fun with the movie. And despite it being like unrealistic and they're blowing things up, it was great. It was just a really fun hour and a half.
No.
Yeah.
You know, epics like that are a hard sell for me. It's very long. I wasn't nearly as charmed by the blue people that they were that most other people were. I don't know. It seemed to be lacking in finesse and It just seemed very over the top. It really did seem like an event movie, and maybe if I had seen it in the theater, I would have sort of fallen in love with it like other people did, but It just It was underwhelming. The direction wasn't nearly as good as I thought it was going to be and I just thought it was going to be something more exciting and more appealing that it ended up being for me.
No, but I know I know what that movie is, yeah.
I mean, sure.
I don't like the Halloween movies. I don't like scary movies. So, when I watched that that was just like at a party with friends. And that's what they wanted to watch. I just don't enjoy scaring myself like that. So, the first Halloween the one that originally has Jamie Curtis from back in the day, that is a much better movie than the other Halloweens were. But, I still They are still not my favorite. Too scary. and outside of the first one. And apparently I ha I haven't seen up the most recent one that is sort of a direct sequel to the first one. Those That is a lot of gore, a lot of blood, a lot of trying to scare and not a lot of story line in movie.
I usually like action drama movies.
Well, I like watching fast paced movies and I also like watching movies that have well developed story lines and characters.
Yeah, so I like movies like Star Wars.
Movies like that tend to have very well developed universes, lots of characters, lots going on, lots to do with the story.
I'm not too big on comedy movies.
I feel that the humor in comedy tends to be -- mostly a miss with me when i watch them in movies. They tend to be very topical humor. Mostly humor that just doesn't appeal to my interests.
I usually prefer dark humor and humor that's kind of well thought out, well developed.
Yes, I like movies like Good Will Hunting.
Movies like that tend to have humor that's very witty and sharp.
I like movies like Spotlight, so I'm looking for something that's meaningful like a good Spotlight kind of a movie.
The connection between being young, gay and black.
I like that it highlights being African American and what it means to be gay and like all the hardships that go along with that because of it.
It's too short. I want it to be longer maybe some comedy inside of it also.
Star Wars
It's action-packed, and it deals with like a lot of science fiction, but also like reality.
It's really high budget. It could be a little bit less budget. It could be a little bit slower paced, but it's really fast.
Yes, that was really funny. Pretty cool.
I like the actors, and I like that there's conversations between the main characters and the slot part of the characters, and that it's just like a cool funny movie and relates to everyone.
That's all.
Not really. I mean it's short, it could be longer, it could be more people of color inside of the movie but that's about it.
I like comedies a lot.
I like the I like to laugh. I like the lighthearted nature of comedies. They kind of make you happy. There's nothing depressing about them. So you're always in a good mood after you watch them.
Probably The First Wives Club.
This movie is The cast is superb and about It's perfect as it gets for what they were going for. It's very original and just hilarious. You kind of don't know what's going to happen from moment to moment as they try to get revenge and rebuild their lives but it's a lot of fun and just You laugh throughout the entire movie.
I have.
I like a romantic comedies.
I like when it makes me laugh, and also the romance story line. I like movies with a happy ever after.
I liked Bridesmaids.
It was funny and there was also some romance in it, so it was perfect.
I didn't really like Crazy Stupid Love.
It was just a bit boring and not very funny.
Yes, I've seen it.
Okay. I generally prefer comedies.
Yeah. Yeah. In moderation, they are.
Yeah, Superbad.
I like the acting the actors that were in it.
Let's say action movies. Just because they're typically a little too over the top for me until I become immersed in it.
Not off the top of my head.
Yeah, like years and years ago.
I liked it at the time. I definitely liked it.
