Was Abraham Lincoln the sixteenth President of the United States?
Did Lincoln sign the National Banking Act of 1863?
Did his mother die of pneumonia?
How many long was Lincoln's formal education?
When did Lincoln begin his political career?
What did The Legal Tender Act of 1862 establish?
Who suggested Lincoln grow a beard?
When did the Gettysburg address argue that America was born?
Did Lincoln beat John C. Breckinridge in the 1860 election?
Was Abraham Lincoln the first President of the United States?
Did Lincoln start his political career in 1832?
Did Lincoln ever represent Alton & Sangamon Railroad?
Which county was Lincoln born in?
When did Lincoln first serve as President?
Who assassinated Lincoln?
Did Lincoln win the election of 1860?
Who was the general in charge at the Battle of Antietam?
Why did Lincoln issue the Emancipation Proclamation?
Do scholars rank lincoln among the top three presidents?
Did lincoln have 18 months of schooling?
Was Lincoln chosen as a presidential candidate in 1860?
How old was Lincoln in 1816?
When was the first photgraph of lincoln taken?
How long was Lincoln's legal Career?
What trail did Lincoln use a Farmers' Almanac in? 
Did Abraham Lincoln live in the Frontier?
Did Lincoln's Wife's Family support slavery?
Volta became professor of physics in the Como high school in what year?
What ac phaenomenis inde pendentibus?
What may be called Volta's Law of the electrochemical series?
Is it true that volta became professor of physics?
Is it true that volta entered retirement in spain?
When did he become professor?
What did Alessandro Volta publish in 1800?
Is Volta buried in the city of Como?
Is the electrolyte sulphuric acid?

NOTTTT  FOUND
Are Count Volta 's original instruments and papers on display there ?
Is Volta buried in the city of Como ?
Was his 1800 paper written in French ?
Did he not realize that the frog 's leg served as both a conductor of electricity -LRB- we would now call it an electrolyte -RRB- and as a detector of electricity ?
Does this not make the zinc rod the negative electrode and the copper rod the positive electrode ?
What happened with $ its invention?
HWhat happened at the electromotive force -LRB- emf -RRB- of a galvanic cell?
What happened in 1800?
What was an Italian savant?
Who is most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?
Who graduated in ecclesiastical law at the early age of 20 and began to practice?
When did he publish another memoria?
When did he become a professor?
Is it true that he became a professor in 1820?
Was Lorenzo Romano Amedeo Carlo Avogadro an Italian savant?
Was Amedeo Avogadro born in Turin August 9th 1776 to a noble ancient family of Piedmont, Italy?
Is he most noted for his contributions to the theory of molarity and molecular weight?
Who confirm that he sponsored and helped some Sardinian plotters who were organising a revolution in that island , stopped at the very last moment by the concession of Charles Albert 's statute ?
He is what?
The unification of Italy did what?
Was King Victor Emmanuel III there to pay homage to Avogadro ?
Is Avogadro 's number commonly used to compute the results of chemical reactions ?
Is it approximately 6.0221415 10 23 ?
Did the scientific community not reserve great attention to his theory ?
Does it not allow chemists to determine the exact amounts of substances produced in a given reaction ?
Can the title of this famous 1811 paper be roughly translated into english?
What happened in french?
What happened in 1833?
Who determined the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure?
What is named after him?
When did he publish a collection?
Is it true that he published a collection in 1738?
Is it true that thermometer had 100 for the freezing point?
Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden?
Was Anders Celsius (November 27, 1701 April 25, 1744) a Swedish astronomer?
Is The Celsius crater on the Moon named after him?
Who was the first to perform and publish careful experiments aiming at the definition of an international temperature scale on scientific grounds ?
The Celsius crater on the Moon is what?
Is the Celsius crater on the Moon named after him ?
Had his thermometer 100 for the freezing point of water and 0 for the boiling point ?
Was Celsius born in Uppsala in Sweden ?
Did he not determine the dependence of the boiling of water with atmospheric pressure -LRB- in excellent agreement with modern data -RRB- ?
What happened from 1730 to 1744?
What happened in 1745?
Are beetles insects?
Can beetles be found in polar regions?
Do beetles antennae function primarily as organs of smell?
What are the three sections of a beetle?
Which defense mechanism uses colour or shape to deceive potential enemies?
Which type of beetle is a pest of potato plants?
How can beetle larvae be differentiated from other insect larvae?
What do beetles eat?
What are the similarities between beetles and grasshoppers?
Are certain species of beetles considered pests?
Is a beetle's general anatomy uniform?
Are beetles endopterygotes?
How many species of beetles are there?
When are sperm cells transferred to the female?
What is the study of beetles called?
Is it possible that there are more than 350,000 species of beetles?
Is the Adephaga suborder larger than the Polyphaga suborder?
Do carrion beetles eat dung?
What are prey of various animals including birds and mammals?
