We will now hear argument in the Cherokee Nation against Thompson and Thompson against the Cherokee Nation. Mr. Miller.
Would you mind explaining to us how these two cases relate? The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit decision went one way and the Tenth Circuit went another. And are the claims at all overlapping? How are they differentiated?
But they're certainly at odds on the legal theory.
Are the circumstances any different in the two situations, the Cherokee Nation case and the one in the Federal Circuit? Are -- are the circumstances, giving rise to the claim, different in any respect that could account for a difference in outcome?
Does the -- do the actual contracts reduce the -- the CSC's to a dollar amount or --
So -- so we know -- they -- they knew at the moment the contract was signed what it was going to cost.
I don't want to get ahead of you in taking us through the statute, so you can defer the question if -- if you choose. But it seems to me relevant to (a). Does -- is -- is part of the submission that the Government used some of the funds that otherwise would have gone to you for its own monitoring and -- of -- of health contracts and that that's what's in dispute? Or was it just general overhead for other programs it used?
I -- I stated an or. I -- what I -- I stated at the outset?
Including contract monitoring.
These are strange contracts, of course, aren't they? I mean, are there any other contracts that the Government has to enter into? I mean, the Secretary has to give these tribes the authority to take over, in effect, implementation of the -- of a Federal health program, doesn't he?
Well, I -- why would you expect that this strange kind of contract should -- should, prima facie, be governed by the same rules as to appropriations as other contracts --
-- where -- where an agency, having due regard to how much money is appropriated, will limit the number of contracts it enters into? But -- but here you're creating a situation where the agency has to contract and yet has no control over having enough money to -- to meet the contractual obligations. It seems to me a -- a strange way to run a railroad.
But further to Justice Scalia's point, don't the contracts in question themselves contain clauses that say this is not a procurement contract?
Oh, the act says that they're not procurement contracts.
Mr. Miller, do --
-- on -- on the interpretation you've just explained to us, does that mean that the Secretary has no authority under this statute or generally to reserve some portion of this for what you call Federal functions, that it -- every penny of the appropriation could go to the costs of this contract and nothing left in the till for the so-called Federal functions?
But your -- your answer is, yes, if it came to that, they --
Well, let me ask you another question related. Suppose -- this is an individual action. These are individual actions. They're not class actions.
Do the ones who come to court to sue get paid in full even though there may be many other self-determination contracts out there, and that if you gave them all their fair share, none of them would be paid in full? Does it just depend on first come to court, first served, and the less litigious are just out of luck?
I mean, you can't get blood out of a turnip. I mean, Justice Ginsburg is asking the question, what if there is not enough money to go around?
Right.
Didn't the tribes get notice they might not get the full amount of the -- the CSC, and so they had ample opportunity to cut back on their spending?
So these -- these are reliance damages in a sense.
I mean, they -- they were out of pocket for money they spent before they knew, other than the statutory notice they had, that they wouldn't get the full amount?
Well, when do the tribal contractors know how much money the Government actually will have available to spend?
What -- what do you mean by that? You said a second ago the Secretary had the option to reprogram. What do you mean by reprogram?
Yes, but the -- the tribes have to enter contracts not knowing how much money is going to be there at the end of the day?
All right. So how was that appropriation money in fact used by the Federal Government, do you say?
There was the appropriation.
And the tribes had already entered into contracts. Now, how was that lump sum used?
Is that what you mean by programming?
So programming is allocating various segments of the lump sum to various purposes.
Okay.
And is that done without regard to the contract amounts that the tribes have entered into?
Is that in fact how it was done?
And is it still done that way?
But didn't -- didn't Congress, even before that, impose a significant limitation on how much the Secretary could pay? What do you with the provision in -- in (b) of -- of the section that you were reading from? Notwithstanding any other provision in this subchapter, the provision of funds under this subchapter is subject to the availability of appropriations and the Secretary is not required to reduce funding for programs, projects, or activities serving a tribe to make funds available to another tribe or tribal organization under this chapter. I mean, what -- what money that the Secretary expends is -- is not expended for programs, projects, or activities that serve a tribe?
Well, that's all very good, but --
-- then the last paragraph begins with the word notwithstanding any other provision of this subchapter. So this --
-- it seems to me, overrides everything else. Unless -- unless you can persuade me that that -- that that provision doesn't give the Secretary the authority to -- to allocate the available funds among other activities that serve tribes, I -- I think it trumps whatever else you appeal to.
Wait.
21 of --
Okay, 21a, good.
Oh, fine, but you still have to look at that last sentence in subsection (b) and grapple with what it means. The Secretary is not required to reduce funding for programs, projects, or activities serving a tribe to make funds available to another tribe.
Now, what does it mean?
All right. May -- may I interrupt you there? And tell me if I understand the -- the position in your brief correctly. I thought the position that you took there was ultimately regardless of what the notwithstanding clause means, there's enough money to pay all the contracts in the appropriation that is actually made. And if any money is going to be squeezed, the person who's going to be squeezed or the -- is the -- is the agency itself. Its bureaucracy is going to have less money. And I understood your argument to be that given the provisions you read earlier in this section, Congress has made a positive decision that if there's a choice between paying the contract amounts and squeezing the bureaucracy, the bureaucracy gets squeezed. Is that your position?
If that is your position, do you have to even grapple with difficulties about the notwithstanding clause?
But -- but I thought you were saying you could -- you could -- the -- the Secretary doesn't have to reduce funding for other tribes. The Secretary can pay the full contract costs, and if anybody is going to get the short end, it's going to be the bureaucracy.
Just give them the -- just give them the money.
Okay.
To put it -- this is a competition between two bureaucracies, the tribal bureaucracy that is administering the program and the Secretary's bureaucracy which is administering the program of programs. I mean, it's -- it's not as though it's a bureaucracy against the people. The whole purpose of this was to turn over the bureaucratic management of these programs from Government bureaucrats to tribal bureaucrats. I mean, it --
-- you -- you paint it as though the -- you know, who cares about the bureaucrats. The -- the Government just wasn't interested in the bureaucrats. That may well be, but there -- there are bureaucrats at both ends of this thing.
Can I ask you a basic question --
-- which maybe others understand, but I'm confused. Imagine that this has nothing to do with Indians. It is simply an ordinary contract. Now, my understanding is that ordinary contracts say subject to appropriations. So we have to decide was there an appropriation. In our imaginary department of Government, the appropriation is $1 billion. Nothing is earmarked for anything. They enter into contracts that amount to $999 million. Now, they pay out $990 million, and their -- what the department says is, look, everybody knows we need at least $10 million to run our central bureaucracy. So there's no valid contract here. The appropriation wasn't made. Now, my understanding of ordinary Government contract law is to decide whether that $10 million was in principle available for the contracts. You look to something called the purpose-time-amount test. So was it during the same time? Yes. Is it in an appropriate amount? Yes. But is it available for this purpose? Ah, I'm not sure. All right. Now, I want -- if I have the -- the theory of it right, I want you to tell me what the money was in your case that is the equivalent of the $10 million in my example that you believe in principle was available to pay these -- for this Indian expenditure. Just pretend it's a regular contract. What is the equivalent of that $10 million?
Yes.
Yes, okay. And anything else?
Well, forget this statute for a second because I'll stop you there. I want you to tell me why those sums -- I get the time. I get the amount.
Explain to me why it is one of the purposes for which those appropriations were made, i.e., the equivalent of the $10 million, to go pay for this.
It was one of the purposes.
All right. So you think -- you and the Government agree then that were this an ordinary contract case, there is no doubt that a legally binding contract would have been entered into and the clause, subject to appropriations, would not work for the Government.
Okay.
No, no. Were it an ordinary --
-- were it an ordinary contract.
So our issue as far as you're concerned -- and I'll ask the Government the same question -- is, is this contract different from an ordinary contract because of A, B, C, D Indian reservations, et cetera? And your claim is, I can't find any difference. And their claim is there will be some difference. Is that right?
Well, you did say the -- these contracts were unique.
Well, the Government says it's unique because the tribes are providing governmental services. It doesn't really cite us a case where, say, a city or a subdivision has sued under a contract.
Well, they didn't contract it out to the government of Iraq. They contracted it out to a private contractor. I mean, what -- what makes this unique is that the whole purpose of it was to give these -- these tribes more governmental power, more self-determination. The whole purpose was to enable the tribes to act as governments.
That's -- that's what makes it different from private contracts --
-- even -- even with Halliburton.
I mean, Halliburton is not an Indian tribe and doesn't purport to be governing anybody.
Thank you. Mr. Srinivasan.
Well, they just did, the 2 percent. So my question to you is the same. I asked, let's imagine this had nothing to do with tribes, nothing to do with it. It was a typical, ordinary Government contract for pencils. All right? Or for soda water. Now, and everything were the same. Under those circumstances, just an ordinary contract -- and they point to that 2 percent and they say that is legally speaking -- we didn't expect you to pay it. We just won a lawsuit in the Court of Claims. But -- but we have -- we have a contract here. Okay? That's what we're just saying. The -- the subject to appropriation clause doesn't nix the contract because that 2 percent is available, legally speaking, time, purpose, and -- and amount. Okay? Classic. Now, what's the Government's view there?
Is it available or not were this an ordinary contract?
I'm asking -- all right. Are -- is the Government's view then let's treat this just as an ordinary contract? Still it -- there was no money available.
Legally speaking under the time-purpose-amount test.
No.
Now, I would like an answer to my question, yes or no. If this were an ordinary contract with a subject to appropriations clause, is -- would the Government be saying this is invalid because the appropriations were not there?
There must be a yes or no answer to that.
No. What it is is a contract for pencils. Can you not -- is it impossible --
-- to make -- you see what I'm driving --
Correct, and which are the funds that are -- that would be available here? Which are they?
If this were under Blackhawk.
That includes the 2 percent that you keep referring to.
Okay. Then let me do this then.
You say if this were a classic, ordinary contract, the money would have been available legally speaking. Nobody says practically speaking, and they could have brought their lawsuit. Now, tell me specifically, if you can -- and this may take you the whole time. You want to make whatever argument you want. What is it that's special about this contract that brings it out of ordinary contracting principles?
Well, the language is the same.
That phrase is the same, subject to the availability of appropriations.
Exactly.
But -- but the other -- the other side says you don't have to get to that because you could have paid the contract amounts here without reducing funds available for other tribes. It's simply that it would have squeezed you in your budget, your -- your headquarters operating budget for IHS. So they say, if I understand them, that the -- that the nonreduction clause doesn't save you here because you could have paid it without reducing things for other tribes.
I don't see that. Where?
Not less. Right?
But -- but I thought the submission of the petitioners' counsel was that some of these funds were used to monitor the contracts which are functions the tribes could have performed. So is there a factual disagreement here?
It doesn't say that. It doesn't say that. What it says is otherwise contractable. And they could certainly -- for a lay person like me in this, you'd think, well, we could have a provision that says $180,000 is hereby authorized to be spent only for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or Secretary of Interior. Well, if it said that, then that's not otherwise contractable because there's a statutory limit.
So otherwise contractable sounds like a -- a statutory question.
Correct.
Well, it's talking about both because the -- the first part of subparagraph (1) is the amount of funds. It's relating to the amount of funds that are required to be transferred, and what it stands for is that funds for supportive administrative functions that are not otherwise contractable, i.e., those core agency functions that the agency is required to perform itself, those funds aren't required to be turned over to contracting tribes. And that just reflects the common sense principle that the agency has to continue to exist to perform some core functions.
Justice Ginsburg, the way we square that under the statute is that the leading -- the initial sentence in subsection (b) says the amount of funds required by subsection (a) of this section. And our view of the statute is that funds for inherent Federal functions were never required to be transferred under subsection (a) to begin with. And so what (b) deals with is the funds that are left over after the funds for inherent Federal functions are taken off the top.
Oh, absolutely there are. The Federal functions is the broader set of -- it could essentially encompass everything the Federal Government does. Inherent Federal functions refers to that core set of functions that the agency itself is required to perform. And the distinction between inherent Federal functions and Federal functions, although it might seem trivial as a semantic matter, is reflected in fact in the definitions in title V of the ISDA where it specifically defines inherent Federal functions as a subset of Federal functions.
It -- it does.
It does, Justice Scalia -- Justice Souter. Excuse me.
And we describe the -- the relevant provision in our brief, if you'll bear with me for just one second, on page 31. When Congress enacted the title IV self-governance provisions that relate to the BIA -- and this is at the beginning of the first partial paragraph that begins with of particular significance. There's a provision there, 25 U.S.C. 458cc(k). And the provision reads that nothing in this section is intended or shall be construed to expand or alter existing statutory authorities so as to authorize the Secretary to enter into any agreement with respect to functions that are inherently Federal. And I think what that signifies is that there are some functions that are not contractable and can't be turned over to the tribes.
