Justice Stevens, and may it please the Court: These two contract cases concern whether the Government is liable in money damages under the Contract Disputes Act and section 110 of the Indian Self-Determination Act when the Secretary fails to fully pay a contract price for the --
No, Justice O'Connor. They're -- they're not overlapping. The claims in the Federal Circuit case involved three contracts covering fiscal years 1994, 1995, and 1996. And the Cherokee contract at issue in the case that went through the Tenth Circuit is fiscal year 1997 contract and funding agreement. The section -- remedial section of the act, section 110 --
Yes, they are, Your Honor. The Federal Circuit applied standard, bedrock Government contracting law, primarily the rule that when a contract payment is conditioned on there being an appropriation, the payment right vests in full once the appropriation is enacted by Congress. And secondly, the court ruled that the Indian Self-Determination Act does not bar the payment of the contracts in this case under the circumstances presented. And to the contrary. We submit that the Secretary's construction of that clause would undo the act, would undo section 106(b) of the act --
No, Justice O'Connor. There -- there is no difference in that respect, and there is an overlap in -- in this sense. The Shoshone-Paiute contract that arose through the Tenth Circuit case did involve fiscal year 1996, the same fiscal year as the Cherokee contract that covered fiscal year 1996. So in that sense, both cases involved the -- the same relevant issues. The -- the key, we think, to the resolution of the act is found in the act on page 12a of the appendix to our opening blue brief. The act was amended in this section twice, in 1988 and in 1994, for three reasons: to secure contract funding, to reduce the Federal bureaucracy, and to eliminate secretarial funding discretion over contract funding issues. In section 12a, 450j-1(a), the bottom half of the page, it is stated in subparagraph (1) that the amount of funds provided under the terms of self-determination contracts entered into pursuant to this subchapter shall not be less than the appropriate Secretary would have otherwise provided. And then directly pertinent to this case is subparagraph (2), which directs -- which addresses contract support costs. There shall be added to the amount required by paragraph (1) contract support costs which shall consist of certain items. Incidentally, these items typically cover the cost of insurance, audit costs, procurement costs that might otherwise be administered for the Government by the Office of Personnel Management or personnel costs that might otherwise be administered by the Office of Personnel Management.
Yes, they do.
That is correct, Justice Souter. In the case of the Shoshone-Paiute contract, when the parties decided to renegotiate the contract amount, they entered into an amendment to specify the new, updated contract amount.
It -- it is precisely, Justice Kennedy, what -- what you stated. In fact, we can turn directly to page 14a --
The -- the Government took money for its own Federal functions instead of -- including contract monitoring --
Including contract monitoring. Including contract monitoring. In fact, they say so in their brief and -- and defend that action. The -- the sections on page 12a and 13a articulate in quite a lot of detail the nature of the contract support costs that must be added.
That is correct, Justice Scalia.
Because --
It -- it is a unique contractual situation, Justice Scalia, but one that Congress fully anticipated. And -- and I would explain it this way. First of all, there is the Contract Disputes Act which Congress said applies to these contracts. The contracts were so unique that prior to 1988, the Interior Board of Contract Appeals, in a decision called the Busby case, had ruled that these contracts could not be enforced under the Contract Disputes Act precisely for the reason Justice Scalia articulated. Congress changed that. In 1988, Congress amended section 110 of the act, reproduced at the bottom of page 26a, and gave the Court of Claims, then the Court of Claims, and the district courts concurrent jurisdiction over money damages claims under the Contract Disputes Act. And the legislative history explains that Congress did this precisely to overcome the Busby decision and to make these contracts enforceable for the stated contract price.
The -- the procurement contract -- that is correct. Not the contracts themselves, Your Honor. The -- the act says that --
-- the contracts are not procurement contracts, Justice Kennedy. That's correct. These contracts began as procurement contracts. They had been procurement contracts, and even still, they were not enforced under the Court of -- the Interior Board of Contract Appeals decision in the Busby decision. Congress relieved the contractors of the procurement system because they felt that the agency had built up an enormous contract monitoring bureaucracy which it wanted to eliminate. And for that reason, it eliminated the procurement rules in the hopes that the contract monitoring bureaucracy would be eliminated along with it.
Justice Ginsburg.
Justice Ginsburg, I -- I would put my answer in this context. There are many sources from which the Government could have reprogrammed to pay these contracts. It could have been, yes, as we submit, from the funds spent on Federal functions and secretarial administration. It could have been from the up to $88 million increases Congress was making every year. It could have been from the up to $98 million in leftover appropriations the agencies had every year, and it could have been from the regional and headquarters offices that the agencies had where they don't administer services.
That's the duty Congress imposed upon the Secretary. The Secretary was free not to reprogram. That's -- that's a choice the Secretary had and the Secretary made it. The question is what are the ramifications of that choice and we submit --
Correct, Your Honor.
Your Honor, we -- we do not believe that that -- that should be the outcome. That would advantage the contractors that came forward and not take account of the entire situation. We think the global situation has to be looked at. The total amount of the contracts that were not paid in fiscal year 1994 --
If there were only sufficient money to pay half of the contract shortfalls --
-- without violating the clause and the Secretary had the discretion not to reduce appropriations, or he could, for programs serving other tribes, and then the tribes would only be entitled to half of the shortfall, if there was only a sufficient amount of money.
No, Justice Kennedy, and -- and to the contrary. In fiscal year 1994, the Indian Health Service was telling everybody they were paying them in full. They told the General Accounting Office they paid everybody in full on page 32 of the GAO report cited in the Government's brief. But --
The -- the tribes expected to be paid. The Shoshone-Paiute tribes were told they would be paid in full in the first year.
That is correct. That is correct.
The contractors don't know until the year is over because throughout the year, the Government reserves the power, although not exercised, but stated in a circular, to reprogram. And the appropriations --
When the Secretary prepares a budget to the Congress, it states usually a lump sum amount of, say, $1.8 billion. We -- we take $400 million off the top or $300 million off the top because that was specified by Congress for certain purposes. But the balance is a lump sum. The Secretary crafts a budget. The budget is not adopted by Congress, just a dollar amount is adopted by Congress. Now, Congress can step in and take a particular item and earmark that item and cap it if it chooses, but it didn't do that in these years.
The tribes enter into contracts, as most Government contractors do when they enter into contracts before an appropriation is made, not knowing if the agency will have the money to pay them. That's okay. The problem is when the statute says it's subject to the availability of appropriations and Congress enacts the appropriations. It's been the law for 120 years that at that point, the right to payment vests and the tribe is entitled to be paid.
The Federal Government --
Yes.
The agency then, under this Court's teaching in Lincoln v. Vigil, has complete discretion over how it spends its appropriation except insofar as --
Yes, thank you, Justice Souter, for taking me back to your question. What we mean is that the Secretary submits a budget, but the budget is not binding on the Secretary. It's not binding as a matter of law because Congress didn't adopt it. And as conditions change over the course of the year, the agency readjusts its budget, which we call reprogramming.
Correct.
And the Secretary retains complete discretion as this Court taught --
Well, it should not be done without regard to the contract amounts --
That is in fact how it was done.
Well, the times have changed. Since 1998, fiscal year 1998, Congress has imposed caps on the contracts and court costs that the agency has. So there's no question the agency cannot pay more than Congress gives it. When Congress only gives it $100 million or $200 million for contract support costs, that's it. The Secretary cannot be sued for failing to pay more.
Justice Scalia, we read this -- this clause with -- keeping in mind the first sentence first of the sentence. The first sentence, which begins on the preceding page, page 14a, says that the amount of funds required by subsection (a), (1) shall not be reduced to make funding available for contract monitoring or administration by the Secretary. And the subparagraph (3) in the middle of page 15a, shall not be reduced by the Secretary to pay for Federal functions.
But then there's an exception.
We --
Justice Scalia, for -- for two reasons we think it cannot. First of all, if that exception swallowed up the rule set forth in the first sentence, it would defeat the whole purpose of the act. And more, in the statute on page 21, there is a mandatory rule of construction that Congress has articulated which, interestingly enough, the Government never cites in the statutory interpretation case. And this rule says on page 21, 1(a)(2), each provision of the act --
Page -- sorry --
21a of our opening blue brief.
21a, correct. Each provision of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act and each provision of this contract shall be liberally construed for the benefit of the contractor. That statement is repeated as well in every --
So what could it mean? That's our challenge.
We have to give it meaning. We believe it means the -- as the Secretary always said when -- and -- and said at the time these amendments were adopted in 1988, that's services on the ground, the hospitals and clinics. If I walked into the office of the headquarters of the Indian Health Service in Rockville, Maryland, I'm not going to see doctors and nurses in white jackets. I'm not going to see patients and counselors. There aren't programs serving tribes in these headquarters offices, and in these area offices, large portions of what they do are administrative functions.
That is our position.
Well, we still need to provide some meaning to the -- to the provision that says the Secretary may not -- does not have to reduce funding for programs serving other tribes. I guess, I think we do need to grapple with the clause in order not to --
It's going to be the bureaucracy.
It's not going to be the programs on the ground serving the tribes. It's going to be the bureaucracy.
Now, it may be felt --
Well, I would -- I would --
I say that for two reasons. First of all, the -- the Congress, in our opinion, clearly privileged the tribal contracts over the Secretary's Federal functions. But more practically, let's look at the Shoshone-Paiute Tribes. They took over a hospital that had a $5 million budget in round numbers, and the contract support costs requirement was $2 million. So the contract was in round numbers $7 million. So they get the hospital, $5 million to run it. They don't get the $2 million. Now, they have $3 million to run the hospital. It's not that they didn't get their bureaucracy. They didn't get the full hospital operational budget because they had to pay the fixed costs of carrying insurance, undertaking the audits required by Federal law. There were actual reductions in services so severe, in fact, that the Shoshone-Paiute Tribe nearly lost accreditation.
Yes, Justice Breyer.
The equivalent of the $10 million would be sums not spent on anything --
-- in this case, up to $100 million.
Any of the increases, any of the sums. And then we move to this statute --
Why the purpose.
Well, that's one of the things the -- the Government and we agree upon.
One of the purposes was paying contracts, and that's because in this act, the appropriation says here's $1.4 billion or $1.8 billion to carry out the Indian Self-Determination Act. So that satisfies the purpose test.
That is correct, Your Honor.
Well, you can't say that the Government agrees to that. You certainly agree to it.
The Government --
In -- in the hypothetical. No. I think the Government would agree that the rule of Ferris and Blackhawk, the Dougherty rule from the Court of Claims, 1983, all stand for the proposition when you sign a contract with the Government and a lump sum appropriation comes, it's not your job to start monitoring Government operations and figuring out how much do they want to boost their functions for this or that or the other, and the --
That is correct. They claim these aren't contracts -- Justice Kennedy.
These contracts are unique. The contracts in Winstar were unique. The contracts in the United States v. New Mexico advance costs -- advance funded cost reimbursable contracts. Many contracts are unique. The question is whether the distinction makes a difference in the law. The distinction here that these are not procurement contracts, that can't be decisive.
But that's not unique either because the -- the Government, the Department of Defense in Iraq contracts out governmental services, the provision of food to our troops in Iraq. That's a quintessential governmental services, feeding the military. But they contract it out. No one would suggest there that just because it's a governmental service, it qualifies that contract as a lesser contract than any other contract.
Absolutely. And even Congress considered --
We --
We --
We submit that that difference was considered by Congress. In the 1988 amendments, there's even language that says, we're thinking about maybe calling this an intergovernmental agreement, but we've decided to call it a contract because we want it to be enforceable as a contract, just as other Government contracts for goods and services are enforced. And that was the language of the -- of the Senate report. They then imposed the Contract Disputes Act and provided a remedy in money damages. In those respects, along with the canon of construction, we believe that these contracts are fully enforceable for the stated contract amount. I'd like to reserve the balance of my time, Justice Stevens.
Thank you, Justice Stevens, and may it please the Court: Apart from the roughly 2 percent of the annual lump sum appropriation that the Secretary withheld for performance of those core agency functions that the agency itself was required to perform, the Secretary allocated the entire remaining 98 percent of its lump sum appropriation among tribes. Now, the tribes have to point to some source of funding within that lump sum appropriation.
No.
No. With respect to the 2 percent that's reserved for inherent Federal functions, that's not available.
With respect to --
Well, Justice Breyer, I'm drawing a distinction between the 2 percent that's reserved for core agency functions and --
-- it's been a background principle of Government contracting law that there are certain core agency functions that -- that the Government is required to perform for itself and that it can't contract out. So I think that informs the interpretation of the subject to availability clause.
Well, you have to look at the particular context.
It would be no if this statutory regime governed, Justice Breyer.
If -- if all --
If -- if all that's at issue is a standard subject to availability clause in a contract and there were no reduction clause, as there is in this statute, and you're dealing with the standard procurement context, then there is a Court of Claims decision, the Blackhawk decision, that suggests, albeit in a footnote, that in that situation, there are funds available in the sense that they're legally unrestricted.
There aren't any funds that are available here in our view because --
Under Blackhawk, it would be -- it would -- it would essentially affect the entire lump sum appropriation because there's no legal requirement that the lump sum appropriation be -- be directed in any particular manner. Now, there are some provisions in the --
That -- that would include in the -- that would include the 2 percent. But there are provisions, I should note parenthetically, in the appropriations act that say specifically, for example, that not to exceed a certain amount is to be used for a particular function or at least a certain amount is to be used, for example, for contract health services. So you'd have to take into account --
-- those particular provisos.
Well, first and foremost, the text of the statute. If you look at page 15a of the appendix to -- to the tribes' briefs, this isn't your standard, garden variety subject to availability clause. You have to look at the particular context in which this statute --
It's not, Justice O'Connor, with respect. It says, notwithstanding any other provision -- and I'm reading at the bottom of page 15a -- the provision of funds under this subchapter is subject to the availability of appropriations and -- and this is --
That particular phrase resembles the one that Justice Breyer posited in his hypothetical.
But the term available -- and I think this is critical. The term available is repeated in what's been referred to as the reduction clause, and I don't think one can understand what the term available means unless it considers the meaning of that term throughout that entire sentence.
I -- I think that argument is incorrect. First of all, it's an incorrect interpretation of the terms of the reduction clause. But second of all, the notion that funds for inherent Federal functions, the 2 percent that the agency reserved to perform its core agency functions, were available for contracting is contrary to -- to the terms of the ISDA itself. And if you'll look at page 12a -- and I'm quoting from 450j-1(a)(1) -- what provision says is the amount of funds provided under the terms of self-determination contracts include the amount that the Secretary, quote, would have otherwise provided. And then later on down in the paragraph --
I'm sorry. It's --
Shall not -- shall be not less than the amount that the appropriate Secretary would have otherwise provided. And then further down in the paragraph in the last -- in the last clause, including support of administrative functions that are otherwise contractable. And what otherwise contractable denotes is that there are certain functions that are not otherwise contractable, namely those core, inherent Federal functions that the agency itself is required to provide. And so what 450j-1(a) implements is the background understanding that funds for core agency functions don't have to be turned over to the contracting tribes because the agency requires those funds in order to continue essentially to exist as a Federal agency.
I don't think so, Justice Kennedy. I think it's more of a characterization disagreement. There -- it's true that in a descriptive sense, one might refer to some of these funds as used for contract monitoring, but what 450j-1(a) says is that whatever you might call it, the funds that are used for core agency functions are outside the funds to be -- to be turned over.
But -- but --
But it -- it's not talking about money that's otherwise contractable. It says, including supportive administrative functions that are otherwise contractable. It's talking about a limitation upon the contractability of functions --
-- not the use of funds.
But how do you -- how do you square that with the -- on page 14a -- reductions and, as Mr. Miller read to us, shall not be reduced to make funding available for contract managing -- monitoring or administration by the Secretary, shall not be reduced by the Secretary to pay for Federal functions, including but not limited to, and then a string of what I assume falls under the heading Federal functions.
So are these noninherent Federal functions shall not be reduced to pay for Federal functions? So there's inherent Federal functions and noninherent?
Does it ever define them as noncontractable? I mean, I -- I -- your answer, I suppose, is well, what -- what do you think they're talking about, but does it ever expressly get to --
-- the point of contractability?
Thank you, but apologize to him. (Laughter.)
That -- that all may be true, of course. They're talking about don't contract out to the Indians something that should be done in Washington. But what has that got to do with the issue? We're talking, I thought, about -- about Government contracts. People who enter into Government contracts need certainty. They have to know whether that word, subject to appropriations, invalidates the contract or whether they have a valid contract. And a set of principles have come up that are used to decide that. And under that set of principles, money is available to pay for the contract if it's time, purpose, and amount. Okay? That's the principle. And --
