C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Wait, does he eat chalk?
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Sounds like a date to me.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
That's right.
No.
And they weren't looking at you before?!

This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Carol moved her stuff out today.
Let me get you some coffee.
Ooh! Oh!
Fine! Be murky!
No you don't.
And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud?
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!

Rachel?!
Can I get you some coffee?
Hi, sure!

Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
I say push her down the stairs.

You can see where he'd have trouble.
Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...

Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
I helped!
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
What, like there's a rule or something?
Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Oh God, is it 6:30? Buzz him in!
Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
He finally asked you out?
Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
That'd be good...
No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!

Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Change! Okay, sit down. Two seconds.

Yeah?
Shut up, Joey!
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Okay, sure.
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
What's this?
Which goes where?

All finished!
Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Oh, God.
Oh my God!
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.
Ooh, steer clear of you.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Shut up!
That only took me an hour.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...
No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.
Isn't there?
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
It's okay...
Two years.
So you still think you, um... might want that fifth date?
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Congratulations.
If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
Morning.
Hello, Paul.

Stop!
We'll talk later.
That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Okayyy!
