Thanks very much for your edit to the <url> article. Would you be interested in tackling the <url> of <url>?
I can't find it.  Maybe I didn't manage to guess the right name; can you find it in your contribs?
|style="vertical-align: middle; padding: 3px;" | I've started the Badfinger wiki amd I need help.  You seem to know a lot about them, could you please help out?
My edit on <url> was written by me, not copied from a forum. Out of curiousity, which forum copied my post on Wikipedia?
I couldn't tell you why glam rock was there. Better?
Ok, that's no problem. Can you recommend any other users who would be able to train me?
What's next? What have you got planned for the next 12 months?
I'd be shocked if no one has asked you this yet, but you do an enormous amount of work keeping the bio articles free of vandalism and nonsense as well as filling them up with useful content ;) You seem like you could use a few extra buttons on your toolbar. Are you interested in being nominated for adminship?
I have closed <url> as keep. Do you see any objection to my suggestion of a change of name to "List of Kong Kong Category III films"?
Hi, i saw in a lot of biography articles are used the flag icon in the birth and death place by another wikipedian. How about your opinion about that?
Was <url> by the user correct? It is supposed to be a redirect, is it not?
I'm relatively new here. Short of totally protecting the pages, what strong-arm tactics do my colleagues have in mind?
By the way. Can you edit your own talk page when it is protected?
Come on Mohrflies, I donxb4t understand why you insist in these edits: <url>? Why "Yugoslav" when absolutely no one uses it?
Hi, I made on comment on the image page about this being different than Sbarro3 image.  Please... comment?
I removed your prod, but on second thought, he's <url>.  Do you want to send this to AfD?
Well, welcome, and thanks for helping out, as you can see it's greatly needed.  Do you have <url> yet?
Fine, but it took me no more than a couple of seconds to find a source. Why couldn't you do it instead of removing the content?
Hi there. On a tangential note, would you happen to be <person>?
Hi, thanks for moving three of the Brussels municipalities. Could you move <url> to <url> as well?
<url> has a discussion (well kinda right now, I'm still waiting for the initiator to actually explain himself) about the fair use strength of images on episode lists (why there and not on <url>'s talk page is beyond me.  Care to chime in?
Re your vote on motion 1, I don't currently have a mafia, to the best of my knowledge&mdash;but maybe it's not a bad idea. Shall I post a sign-up sheet?
How come you removed Dobby as an omitted character? Where does he appear?
I'll be touch and go for a few days, but hopefully I will have a stable connection again. In the mean time, I think there are a few things I need to get caught up on, yes?
I see you have been creating lots of articles on bus stations on the <url>. Considering how little information there is (and is likely to be) for these stations, would it not be better to have them all on one article?
In the Catalan Wikipedia we have more than 60 wrong pages that we want to delete but nobody can do it. Where I have to request the permition?
OK you're right- I guess IPs can't do it. I believe they're all fixed now, right?
I restored the lead picture series I like. What do you think?
Seriously? Seriously?
<url> and <url> seem to be two articles on the same subject.  What's the point of having separate articles?
You may not remember doing this but, you erased a page entitled, Earl Newton.  Why did you do it?
I am not sure what are rules about GA in en.wiki but for me <url> is really outdated and it shouldn`t have GA sign. What you think?
I can't find a notice on the source website saying that this image is under a creavtive commons lisence. DO you have email corespondance or something?
According to <url>, your "ban" is not specifically linked to any amount of time, but rather your effort and results. That said, what exactly do you mean by "stalked"?
I'd like not to receive any notices from this bot on my talk page. Is there a way to do this?
Gah! What just happned?
You are removing the film poster s images from the Kansas City Film Critics Circle Awards articles and the Academy awards.  Why?
You recently edited this page. It is my view that this page is just a corporate marketing listing, there are several hundred companies that do the same job yet are not listed in Wikipedia - Do you not think that this is advertorial?
You've violated <url> on <url>, with 2 reverts in half an hour. Would you like to revert yourself to avoid being blocked again?
Hey, I see you've been contributing! Time to lose the "leaving Wikipedia" box?
The review has been up there for something like six weeks, I notice. Think you'll be able to take care of those last couple of things?
I seeu2014yes, those can easily be changed back. Would you rather I start a fresh discussion about these?
Can you give me a general description of <url>? Does it mention anything about making movie?
Just saw your post to Gonzo.  Would you rather I withdrew the FLC then?
This is helpful for automatized transfer scripts. By the way, did I get the location tag right on <url> :-) ?
I thought I had explained it pretty clearly.  What part did you disagree with?
I noticed that you are the major contributor to the articles. Mind if I nominate <url> at <url>?
You made a "minor change" to <url>; while I agree that it should have been reverted, I do not think a change of over 2000 is minor.  Can you explain to me the rules for minor changes?
It's possible he may not be an english speaker. Do you know of a french version of that warning?
I'm afraid I don't entirely understand what you mean. Is there some conflict with using user authorization and the GPL license?
As a former administrator, and therefore a veteran editor who knows how wikipedia really works, I am actually surprised you would even ask such a question with such an obvious answer. I suspect you were simply pointing out a perceived injustice with a question founded in a <url> that you yourself did not take seriously?
I have made changes to <url>. Is that acceptable?
Sure, show me the glossary of terms link. Also should the link be at the bottom vs the top, or perhaps not at all and instead be something linked-to from the main article of <url> ?
In fact you did link, and the user has archived the page and gotten rid of it. Do you know which section he should be looking for?
I was just now leaving a note on Ruhrfisch's talk page, and noticed that you'd left a note there.  I wrote about the <url> the other day, the first time that I've ever created an NRHP article: would you be willing to check it, and to add to the infobox if there's something that can easily be added?
There is a very nice moving picture at <url> which illustrates the bisection method. Can we get it for our version?
Ack, hit the wrong button?  How do you manage that?
I have also put speedy delete tags on <url> and <url>.  Was there any particular reason to move your user/user talk pages to that name, and back again?
<url>.  Draft beer?
Thanks Anon. Better now?
In <url>, people seemed to agree with you, but I just don't understand your proposal. So, what exactly do you mean in terms of category renaming/merging/recategorization?
Dude, what's going on? Why are you leaving?
I saw many missing names in the huge table of geonames. (Names of places which have articles in Wikipedia) Since no editions are permitted how will the missing names be completed ?
Excuse me, but <url> seems to have slept through its normal editing period last night. Is it still working?
Replied on my talk. BTW, do you have access to the paid NYT articles or any of the paid newspaper archives?
You've seen the RR crossing sign, such as Image:Highway-Rail_Grade_Crossing_Advance_Warning_sign.svg. How about this idea for a "3RR crossing" sign?
That user <url> moved <url> page for no reason and I do not understand why it was moved or why a persistent vandalist like this was allowed to move it. Is there anyway at all to get it moved back and that user permanently banned?
I'm just saying that Kingboyk hasn't really been editing lately.  So if you're actually interested in resolving an issue, why not take it to a noticeboard?
How about saying that the fastest flow is near the deepest part of the channel, and that in most meanders this is near the outer bank?  What do you think?
When i upload <url> I get <url> can you fix it? Also why is <url> showing the old logo?
I'm also confused as to why the <url> article is linked to the PNG file, but that that file is "not there", but seems to redirect in some way to the SVG file. Has the PNG file been changed to SVG and the link from the article not changed?
Despite my best efforts, I've been unable to find the coordinates for the <url>: it's a specific little spot somewhere on a rail line between two villages, 3 miles apart.  Is the "coord missing" template appropriate, since they're missing, or is it inappropriate, since I believe that no reliable source has that information?
Also, u201ccould be expectedu201d? By whom?
I think the article needs work. For example, I think "U.S. late 1980s - 1990s" should after "Detroit sound." "UK 1990s" should after "U.S. late 1980s - 1990s." What do you think?
Thanks for blocking this user -- he promptly erased the warnings on his talk page (I put them back).  I guess a block doesn't automatically block the talk page, huh?
Having read your Userpage, it is unclear if you've ever actually '''been to''' South Africa (or Namibia for that matter) - but it is clear that you've made significant contributions. So first off, thanks a lot for all your apparent great work, and if I may ask, how much time have you spent in South Africa -- purely out of interest?
Thank you for caring re: my loss. We go on, because it's all we can ever do, y'know?
What is your take on the Simpson's images problem ? Should I remove them from your user page ?
Who inherits the chiefship of <url> now? Does ''legitimatio per subsequens matrimonium'' apply?
I think I have fixed this, but I am not sure. Where do I stand with use of publicity photographs, created with the express intention of promoting someone or thing?
I have a quick question for you (I'm asking now since I am sure that this is going to be brought up either at the ACR or the FAC, when I finally get there): you've added a "pp." for the citation given for the national defense authorization act of 2007, but the rest of the article makes use of the "p." system. Shouldn't the "pp." be changed to a "p." for conformity, or is the use of the "pp." correct from the perspective of citation guidelines?
I am in the process of responding to your message on my talk page.  In the mean time, did Lochdale ever inadvertently expose his IP, such as editing while logged out and then logging in and signing?
Should I assume you have eliminated the paragraph "A high moisture content usually prevents ignition and slows propagation,<url>..."? Could that information be used elsewhere?
I heard he will be on <url>. Do you know what roll he will be on DSDS?
Apologies, I was busy prod'ding this article when you speedily deleted it, so I inadvertently re-created it.  Can you delete it again, please?
I enjoyed your comments on the 'Road to Serfdom' article. I wonder if you know if anyone has offered a reading of the book as a satire of the bourgeois-administrative-pseudo-capitalist state?
"Book" in question is A4 or thereabouts, and runs to a grand total of 32 pages including covers. It does state that it is a journal of SIAS, No 18 / 1988. There's not much to choose between the two templates though, is there?
Firstly, why do you assume I don't care about the content, and secondly, what chance have you given anyone to voice a dissenting opinion? Correct me if I am wrong, but you don't seem to have asked if anyone had a problem with the merge, did you?
I see you originally created this article, so maybe you can sort out what looks like some confusion. The article says that it was created by Diotisalvi, and that the church was known from at least 1113, but the <url> article says that he worked in the second half of the 12th century, and created the <url>, which started in 1152. Did he design both?
Well, lyrics are generally frowned upon on Wikipedia, unless the song is old enough that its copyright no longer applies. Could you perhaps link to the article?
Such as the redundant link to ''Roe v. Wade''? Not an improvement?
When I try to edit the article <url> I'm refused to save my edit due to a "Blacklisted Hyperlink". What's wrong?
But the block you've used is messing with me accessing WP though my user account; do you know why? Or if it can be fixed, without unblocking?
It's clear that <url> isnt quite up to GA standards yet, I would like to withdraw my nomination. Can that be done?
Hi, it looks like the en/em distinction is being preserved. What do you see as the advantage of changing the way they're currently written?
Hey, I just noticed that you are NOT an administator, I had always assumed that you were. I wondered if you would be interested in being nominated?
Well, I'll review it anyhow, and we'll see where we need to go.  Deal?
P.S. Did you see the interesting bit of Oregon politics COI today?
No, I don't know of any way to measure the number of visitors to articles.  Perhaps someone on the <url> can answer your question?
Hi Josiah- I'm a touch concerned about the entry on Ian Levine's bio about his comparison to the Abzorbaloff thing. Even if critics have speculated about it- is this really needed on a biographical page?
I have just put the article to peer review. Would you care to take a look?
