Where did you learn English? How come you're taking on a third language?
Sir i think u hav many friends on wiki who can review articles well. can u pls consult any of them?
I can't spend too much time, and I'm no specialist, but with those limitations I'd be willing to help out. Btw, how is your name pronounced?
<url>. I wonder if anyone will actually suspect a conflict of interest?
These are my numbers: 7 years in Wikipedia, 6 years as an admin, 570+ articles, 4 featured articles, 1 featured list, 21 Good articles, 60 DYK's - After six years as an admin. I recently made some mistakes and I can understand if I am placed in some type of probation were I am monitored and forbidden to use my tools maybe for a year, but do I really merit the removal of my adminship?
Are you calling me a vandal for visiting your user page?  Or am I just <url>?
Congratulations, OGoncho! Isn't there a barnstar for things like that?
Since Maddieson has not himself done any work on Mazahua I would be interested in knowing which source he uses for his Mazahua data. could you put a reference to his references here at the talk page, just for  my curiosity?
Well, that was an example as I am adding Infobox Historical American Political Party infobox to all those historical parties in <url> for which I was previously using the regular Infobox American Political Party until I found the Historical version in <url>.  So if I wish to continue, I will have to assign colors and shortname to all of them if not already done (like Anti-Masonic Party) right?
I'm also having to use your link.  Perhaps we should change the main page link to use the megaupload until we know that the main website is up?
I've just noticed I wrote "It's possibly the most ''possible'' incident in his life" for "possibly the most ''important''", so I may be more caught in the toils of flu than I thought. Check I haven't done anything stupid, and smooth out the text?
Rxe9nyi leaves out the other gruesome details and adds the context of the fortress.  Do you know which details are in the most widespread and/or original version of this tale?
Some pictures are not mine, but those that I have changed, their own. And you can submit a complaint the owners of those photos?
Is there any reason you keep moving boldface marks? ITN is on my watchlist and you seem to do this quite frequently, yet, as far as I can see, it makes no difference, so I feel compelled to ask if there's any particular reason?
I asked you a question. Be educated and please respond: What does <url> has  to do with <url>?
This is just too confusing...how can a team be an affiliate of the NHL team but not the AHL team?  Especially in a AA hockey league?
If we are going to work together effectively we need to get past these personal issues. Might you consider mediation?
What you linked to looks good, but what was I supposed to compare it with again? Got a link?
I would advise against creating seperate articles for individual characters and stick to the list. Is this what you'd expect a typical encyclopedia to be covering?
Do we need to go that far? Why not remove the info and lock the article for a while to prevent immediate reinsertion like what happened to <url>?
I'd definitely consider 1 month's semi as an alternative, but with no recent history of protection I'd be reluctant to go beyond that. So... is PC1/3-months OK, or would semi/1-month be better?
Great job. Any chance of a full date of death for him?
Anytime. How do you like this closer crop?
On a different subject, does this article pass <url> and/or <url>? Could it be linked from <url> as the next album?
My question is "Why?" I am doing all the citations correctly and this still appears often. Can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong?
I actually posted my comments a couple minutes ago.  Do you think that explanation works, or do you think it's a good idea I elaborate further?
I still can't remember how I got into this.  I remember there was an argument on the GameCube page but then there was nothing for a week or two....It hasn't been that long has it?
Since I have no purpose I don't need to use wikipedia, so can you change my username to <url> (<url>)???
Hi, you recently edited that the Independence Hall was once the tallest building in Philadelphia on the <url> article.  Do you have any source that supports this?
Yep, she told me.  How are you doing?
Thanks ! ...wouldn't you know my first award would be for being a smart ass ?
Then why is the article for the monastery in Lhasa as "Ganden" instead of "Gandan"? Do both the monasteries have the same name?
Hi Asbestos! This is kind of weird for me but I see that you are a participant in the photo project and list yourself as a photographer in Edinburgh and I was wondering if there was any possibility that you would be willing to respond to my recent request <url>?
---- Though I thought I would note that you have now exceeded <big>'''500'''</big> edits while on "wikibreak" and that is over less than 10 days, May I ask what kind of break is that???
Interrobang has asked me if I would also help mentor you when he is not around. I said that I would gladly help out if it was ok with you?
Ok. Thank you for clarifying. Could you be more specific as to what you are specifying as "the claim" so that I may find relevant information to refute?
Thanks for the ce's on Attachment therapy. Are you kindly undertaking the second opinion?
I also have problems with a lot of the other recategorisation you have done to these articles, but I won't revert any more until I hear from you.  Taking <url> as an example: why have you removed it from <url> when it clearly is a linear filter; why remove it from <url> when it forms part of image parameter theory; why does an article which discusses electronic designs not belong in <url>; why remove it from <url> when, obviously, it is a term?
Is this something that is needed, even though most of the links are still alive? Is there a WP: page describing this and how to do it?
I have the picture (3D) model of a chemical compound made with Accelrys, but I don't have Photoshop. What can I do?
Never mind, got it. Is the stereochemistry known?
COI? What COI do you think I have?
You may need to enable your own setting to allow E-mail too; I'm not sure. If so, maybe you can turn it on temporarily, so that you can send me one e-mail?
He has been indef blocked once again. I wonder how long it will take him to come back this time?
When I look at the stats on the <url> wiki page I only see 55 Major appearances from 1972 onwards. I'm going by the assumption that page is correct?
...cause I feel like a petulant kid, posting it. But: "We have three volunteers: Awadewit, Mike Christie and Wrad." Given that I, you know, proposed the countries idea, wasn't it obvious that I was volunteering?
Looking through the discussion page history, the addition was made by <url> who is still active on wikipedia. Why not try a message on <url>?
''The sources are already there!'' Have you even looked at it?
I just occurred to me yesterday (while playing with the Bushnell 7x50 Marine binocs I got for my birthday), that the <url> section on rangefinding reticles might be worth its own article, if for no other reason than that rangefinding reticles are used on other optics, such as said binoculars (which have a compass and 5 milliradian graduated reticle) and some other specialized items, such as golf rangefinding monoculars, which use the standardized height of the flag as the known size item.  So what do you think--is there enough content in the rangefinding section to make a standalone article, and do I provide enough argument to justify pulling it out, and adding links from <url> and <url>?
I might be able to lend a hand, though it's not the most interesting article to me just as a matter of personal taste so I don't want to invest tons of time. What specifically do you want help with?
I can assist you with your sockpuppet report against him. :) Will you like me to just fill it out for you?
What is a wall these days? 10 sentences?
Would you mind doing the same for <url>?
He's already been blocked, as far as I can tell.  Is there anything else that needs to be done, at this point?
Hello, thank you for adding interesting content to <url> <url>.  Are you able to provide <url> that will help the content meet our "<url>" standard?
I'm curious, have you had a chance to look through <url> for anything relevant to the CRU articles?  Weren't the "Amazongate" claims (and their subsequent retractions by News Corporation-owned ''The Times'' and ''The Sunday Times'') connected to the CRU coverage?
I am looking at your article on <url>, and noticed that you are the author of a change suggesting that sec61 transports extra peptides not displayed by MHC Class I into cytosol.  Do you have a reference for this?
Hi, yes I love your stats tool too. But could it also cover wikiversity and perhaps the other sister projects?
Hi, I was just going to query your recent removal of the <url> article, without merging any of the article's content into <url>'s article. Was there any particular reason for the loss of content?
It's amazing how selective our memory can be. How's the project going along?
That was a <url>, rather than an <url>. Is that what you intended?
I have just put the article to peer review. Would you care to take a look?
uh, okay lol :)  no, i dont think i am (although i dont remember drinking any at all..), and um? okay?
I don't have the full list online, but I do have the 07-08 AJHL record book.  Are there any specific seasons or teams you are looking for?
I'm not finding the name change request at <url>, nor does there appear to be such an edit under the "Rogerboas" account name. Did you posti t while logged out, perhaps?
Hi, I understand that the WP:COI rules would still apply, regardless of username. Could you kindly approve the change in my user name from cecn to funshine?
Well...  pretty much most of what was in the old table, and the category links.  May I get in touch with you via e-mail to work on the specifics?
Just <url>.  Do you think a NPOV canonical list can be produced?
You removed posts by me as well.  Do you have any explanation?
I've steadily become more interested in getting this article up to FA, but I'm having trouble finding sources that actually analyze ''contemporary R&B'' instead of the entire <url> genre. Do you have any advice or would you be interested in working on it together?
I am the bot owner, and I replied just above your comment, explaining the situation. Is there some other problem, or some other comment I didn't respond to?
OMG! Do Phaedriel and Acalamari have a WikiCrush on each other?
Just looking at that photo and the one in the article makes me feel cold :).   I just finished this article <url> a week or so ago, and wonder if those Forward Operating Locations are tied into intercepts from those NORAD radar sites ?
Feeling tired, stressed, not clear? The talk page for Antractica might be just that (although I have alerted another admin before you) straw on the camels back ?
I'm getting a little nervous that the FAC's not attracting much attention. You know FAC much better than I do, should I be worried yet?
I'll do so then. What's the procedure?
I've noticed the Commons message boxes on <url> and find their colours quite interesting. What do you think?
Why did you remove the pollution references on <url>. Do you have a source which refutes this claim?
Hey, thanks for joining! Have any ideas you wish to add to the project?
Posted to <url>.  What category are you talking about?
Hi Debresser, what's up? Why are you doing what you are doing?
If you feel you have a solid case, you can report it <url>. Just out of curiosity - can you provide a few examples (with links) of this behaviour?
I've been running into your super stub articles while organizing a category. Are these all FOIA requests?
2 IPs, and 1 I just put something on my talk page and got blocked. So I suppose it wont go away until its looked at or is it there for good?
Hi SKS, I saw your post on the discussion on the charts page about Billboard Korea and I clicked the link and the website seems to be up and running but I can't make sense of it. Can you have a look at it?
Well, is there any kind of deadline? I guess I had to hurry?
original article????
Is the bot correct and if so can I assume that is the standard to follow ??
I'm afraid I don't understand what you are asking. Could you perhaps try to explain it in another way?
One oddity is that the Library of Congress isn't officially the U.S. national library; there are only national libraries in Medicine and Agriculture. Do you compare specialized libraries?
Sorry to bother you again, but you changed your comment to "keep" ? I don't really understand, i thought you agreed with me...?
Arguably, listing the former constructors and even the template itself is not necessary. Could we please try reinstating the previous version and see if and how many other folk don't find the decade information useful/intriguing?
Do you mind if you tell me why do you add duplicate links to the article? More specifically, why do you add internal links to the See Also sections when those links are already in the article navbox?
My problem is that the Style Guide for cities causes several topics for this small village to be repeated somewhat, especially the railroad, Gas Boom, and stockyard.  Any thoughts on this article's organization?
I'm going to try and hurry the <url> article through both GA and FA to see if I can get it as the Featured Article on the Main Page in time for its 20-year anniversary on October 18, 2009. Care to help a little or a lot?
Are u the guy on TV Forum using the same name??
Eh. Awesome as in you are going to be more active?
I like the image of the Finnish lighthouses. Do you know if it is for sale anywhere as a poster?
Hi again - I notice that the Chew Valley template gives Stanton Drew as an SSSI - but I can't find it listed at EN's site. Which is correct - any idea?
Hi Johnuniq, thank you for your edit. Does the file should be deleted/removed from commons then?
Which little tag are you referring to? As for your second question, that does depend on a couple of things- you can send it through the official OTRS address, if you like, and someone will get to you in due course, but you're welcome to forward the email to me personally at jmilburninfaerun AT gmail.com, and I'll take a look at it for you, and upload the image/explain why it's not possible?
