Hi Elisabethsmum, there are 11 stamps in this set, with one ink pad
Thank you for contacting POMP & POSEY. Sorry we do not ship internationally on Amazon. Please feel free to contact us with any qiestions. Thank you again, POMP & POSEY
Yes. Give us the address we will estimate the shipping cost.
The numbers are inside the negative space, the area around the number is what gets stamped with unique sized rectangles. They all vary, but roughly 2" is average height.
Not even 3", closer to 1.5". Fits inside a business card with enough room to write above.
They vary in size, most between 2 and 3 inches in size.
Very noisy Needs to be in closed area...I'd say yes in concept no in execution....did not work out as I thought for our 7 yr old granddaughter who collects rocks
Not really, unfortunately :( This is a great kit for kids who are interested in Rock tumbling, but that's about all. My son's got polished and he was happy, but it didn't do the best job and the heavier rocks definitely crumbles the lighter, more fragile rocks.
The tumbler even with the seal wasn't completely water tight, and there was much leakage with the month long grinding and tumbling. Using the supplied stones and shopped accessory stones packages we got very good results. Some of the stones took on a translucent appearance, while the others smoothed out and had gloss finish when done. As far as sea glass, I don't know.
yes
The tumbler is 9"L x 5"H x 5" W. The cyclinder holds approx. 1.5 cups of material. Hope this helps.
it's not metal, the jewelry mounts are plasti
In the paperwork it says how to remedy or prevent that. I never had any luck with it and returned it since in my opinion it really is not worth the money or the noise for several weeks.
I do not know. I purchased the tumbler for my great nephew. I do not know if he has tried to polish a stone. Sorry.
I used the 3 bags of 3 different course grit that came with the tumbler. The course compound turned for 5 continuous weeks. Medium grit for 8 days, and polishing grit for 10 days. There is wear in the interior of the plastic drum, but no more then I expected. Next batch, I'll use two extra grades of polish. The rocks came out smooth but not as polished/shiny as I expected. Purchased for the rocks our granddaughter "mined" at a hunted Halloween mine. We made necklaces and key chains for her to give as Xmas presents. For more serious crafting/jewelry, I'd recommend a more professional tumbler.
No it does not. First time, ran continuous for five weeks. There is wear to the inside of the plastic drum. SUGGESTION: can be noisy, run it in a remote location (garage). Coat the rubber ring/gasket w/grease, no leaks.
No it doesnt work with a laser printer so I had to use an ink jet printer.
I purchased with the intent to use on dark fabric but it did not work.
I'm not sure but it doesn't hold up very well. I've done 1 shirt so far and after washing it once it was faded and cracked.
They are rather translucent. But really you don't want to iron blank areas onto your fabric. I cut around my image the best as I can to remove any of the "unused" transfer, before I begin to iron. If the blank areas are "within" your image, or not very large, I would not worry about them and just iron over them. But do remove any blank transfers around the edge of your image. I hope this helps
just a iron will do. I foyu ar printing on dark fabric, make sure you get the transfer for light fabric. Same for dark fabric, make sure it for dark fabric.
You pull the image into a photo editing software and flip the image to the right. When it is printed it will be the way you want it.
Any inkjet printer should work. I used a hp photosmart 8150 and it worked like a charm.
Yeh a transfer for each pillow is needed.
I'm sure it works on Ink Jet and any kind of printer you use . . .Most printing companies, like Kinkos, won't let me print on HP Iron-On . . .They say it gets jammed . .I use the new HP 1000 series printer - it works really well . . .
I think it will . .I know it transfers to cotton . . but anything similar to cotton fiber should work . . .I'd try it out . .remember -- iron in multiple directions for 3 minutes . .let it cool for 10 minutes . . then peel . . .
The paints are not moist and must be mixed with water to paint and blend. I like this for travel. I've taken them on several trips and they have not deteriorated. So I would say they are hardy and durable. Sometimes I prefer them to my tube watercolors as they are quick, convenient and easy.
Not airtight, but the paints are solid cakes. If you let them dry after use, there's nothing that can leak.
Cadmium Red Hue, Cadmium Yellow Hues,Alizarin red, Ultramarine Blue, Cobalt Blue, Sap Green, Burnt Umber, Viridian, Chinese white, Yellow Ochre. Raw Sienna. Basic solid , vibrant pigments.
It is quite light weight, so if your hand is large, I suppose so. It does NOT have an incorporated thumb loop. I instead always find some handy level surface to place it while plein aire painting. I can't imagine waving it about with a runny wash preparing in a mixing well. Oddly, the W&N Traveler's box with bottle, sponge, etc. although having a thumb loop is even more ridiculous when held aloft, with fold-out mixing areas never quite level, etc.! Having said this, I believe the W&N half-pan box questioned is the very best entry-level kit available. You'll need to augment it with something like a Cotman 3/8" flat was however, the included minuscule brush is too tiny.
They sell half pans here on Amazon, just search for Cotman pans for whatever color you want. You can also refill the pans with tube colors which is more economical. I think there is a 12 tube cotman set that probably has the same colors, or you can buy one tube at a time. It is definitely less expensive to buy them in a set though. The Koi/Sakura 18 tube set is really nice and of similar quality. I recommend it for refilling the pans when they are used up.
Cadmium Yellow Pale Hue, Ultramarine, Yellow Ochre, Cadmium Yellow Hue, Cobalt Blue Hue, Burnt Sienna, Cadmium Red Pale Hue, Sap Green, Burnt Umber, Alizarin Crimson, Viridian Hue, and Chinese White
Personally 45 is too many colors for me. I paint as a hobby too and don't even use all the colors here. Although I wish I could pick the 12 I get! You might go for the 24 color Cotman travel pallet and split the difference. This one is hard to use unless you are doing something really small because the mixing area is so very very small. I would actually recommend the Koi 24 color watercolor box. It is really good and has plenty of mixing space. I went through a phase of wanting to try different brands and small palettes and have gone back to the Koi for small projects like my journal.
Good afternoon, You are quite right; although I am not certain why this error has come about, we will ask Amazon to correct the price. Sincerely, Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All Artists
I've never used Sakura Koi water colors...but I am sure it's a good choice. I'm use to using Winsor Newton brand products and like their quality. Like may artists, I use more than one brand of watercolors sets. I also love using my Pelikan 24 watercolor set. Sakura Koi has very good reviews...I may pick try that brand someday.
I had a hard time finding the brush as well. I have bought the small travel set just to get the brush! I believe you can find some on ebay under "pocket brush" or Cotman series 111. I hope this helps.
Well, since one pack costs about $10, $30 should get you 3 packs. And you have $5 remaining. Gotta love math.
Definitely not, it is designed for inkjet printers and it could possible damage your laser printer if you where to try and use them.
It doesn't work well on stretchy material. Distorts and cracks picture. Although this brand doesn't last more than a day anyhow.
The actual packaging says for light colors only.
The entire iron on is transferred to the shirt not just the image. It is clear but can look kind of dingy. I had an issue with this at first because little tiny hairs or fuzz was getting trapped under the transfer and it looked gross. I just trimmed around the image leaving only about a quarter inch border and it looked much better.
The background is white.
Yes but you have to edge cut the letters because if there is white paper when ironing, it will turn yellow on the shirt.
Yes..that is what I used but Epson takes more time and heat to transfer than Hp brand.
No
This is a terrible product. I believe it has to be ironed but doesn't stick worth a darn. I ironed on to prewashed t shirts, and the parts that did stick peeled off as we wore them. I have used similar products hundreds of times with much much better results. I found it to be a complete waste of time and money..cost of the paper, ruined t shirts, and computer ink it became a very very expensive and disappointing project.
Yes I have used both inkjet and a laser printer on the color wonder paper. It works well with both. You will want to allow a little time for it to dry after you print.
Of course you can make cut outs. This is just a book of blank coloring pages that are used with the color wonder markers/paint/etc. One side has a slight sheen. Good luck!
No
Yes
It says it does. We've never tried.
I believe they are the same. My child's color wonder book says "mess free" at the top. Hope this helps!
The paper my Granddaughter has is a pad of letter-size paper (8 1/2 by 11).
Yes, you can use regular markers or crayons or anything on the paper. But the color wonder markers only work on the special paper.
My grandson doesn't sit still very long. When he does he is usually watching cartoons, so we haven't used this much. A 6 year old, that is interested in drawing might be more inclined to sitting still more than a 4 year old.
This paper is designed to only work with the Crayola Colour Wonder markers.
Yes! And crayola crayons are still made in the USA! The factory is in PA!
no this version is not "washable" but should you child use them on your walls I have found the magic eraser works wonders on removing crayon marks from walls and toys ad tables the dollar store brand "magic eraser" works good
There are 64 different colors.
Completely plastic.I could'nt get it to work every time I tried sharpening the crayon ,the crayon woud break.
Our company has had no issues
Yes
The dimensions are 5.7 X 5 Inches as stated on the site. These figures are correct
USA
I haven't been out shopping around and quite frankly I never noticed there being a kid on the box. I just saw, crayons and 64 of them so I don't know if there are different races of children on all the boxes or not. Mine, had a Caucasian child on the front now that I look at it.
Pack 1 is an "add on" item and is greatly discounted. To get it at the "add on" price you have to spend a minimum of $25 worth of Prime merchandise. Pack 2 is the regular price if you just buy it alone or if you don't spend that $25 minimum. Other than that there is no difference in the item.
Dale, I actually got this set for my grandson for Christmas, but I've been using the same exact set since 1967. Of course, the case is long gone as are the orginal blades, but I'm hoping the knives themselves are the same high quality metal construction all around, chucks included. The only plastic you should see evident would be the red handle on the big knife, which comes in handy when you attach a miter saw blade, not included with this set, but a great accessory to have. Hope this helps. If you decide to get this set, I think you'll be pleased with these knives. Mine have given me almost half a century of use and I could have passed them on to my grandson, but hey, I'm not done with them yet. ;-)
The blades wear out, they are the same as any other X-Acto knife blades....
No. There are no protective caps of any kind included. There is a magnetic strip behind the blades to hold them in place though.
I've used X-acto knives since my teens (I'm now 61) and I have never seen protectors on the blades by any Mfg., it is too be understood that these are for use by those who are old enough to safely use these tools which is what they are, and as are a lot of tools, they can be dangerous if not handled correctly. I would suggest that the user take their time and handle them safely.....
I don't really know. It's not marked on the tool box, although it does claim to meet the formaldehyde standards.
Yes this will. I use these to cut leather. Of course you'll have to use shorter strokes to cut through it. And since my pieces that I make are smaller, I mostly use the 2 smaller knives.
I have never had need to sharpen them. The blades are pretty good.
Not all hobby knife sets have the hole in the chuck of the large hobby knife for the regular razor saws: http://www.amazon.com/Xacto-X75300-Precision-Razor-Saw/dp/B00004Z2U4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1398519480&sr=8-1&keywords=razor+saw There's a smaller saw that fits in the slots: http://www.amazon.com/No-15-Saw-Blade-Carded/dp/B000BREQDO/ref=pd_sim_op_7?ie=UTF8&refRID=1WKRZYSY07BKVQ5MMS4W That's all I know of on Amazon. MicroMark has: http://www.micromark.com/no-27-size-3-inch-saw-blades-pkg-of-5,6580.html & several others that will fit.
I use the Xacto knife to build model airplanes which are made of balsa wood. Balsa is very soft and requires a very sharp blade. Xacto knife sets are made for light hobby work and are also good for precise cutting of paper and thin plastic sheets. For carving knives, which is another term for "whittling" use the Amazon site to find real knives that are suited for this purpose. There are many different blade shapes and qualities available. Cheap blades are just that and won't work well. It will also be necessary to learn how to sharpen these blades with a set of hones made for this purpose as one would with a regular folding pocket knife. I have whittled lots of things with a Buck knife, and Buck is famous for holding an edge, but one must also learn to sharpen... Real whittling is an art form and one must know how to maintain the tools.
Its a true X-Acto brand set. If you still have any doubts you can go to X-Acto's site and see this kit.
No one side only
I can only tell you that the box my paper came in does not say acid free anywhere on it.
Yes it is. The double-sided (coated on both sides) Epson Presentation Paper is 48 lbs. I like the double-sided paper better because it's sometimes difficult to tell which side of the Ultra Premium is the "right" side for printing. Both give spectacular results. I use this paper in an HP Photosmart D7460.
Glossy. Glossy paper will always give you better color, better depth, etc.
I use this paper with an HP printer...the old HP Photosmart D7460 that I've had for years. It works beautifully and the colors are outstanding. I hardly use photopaper anymore since I discovered this stuff. However, I prefer the Epson double-sided inkjet paper. I like the Ultra Premium, but it's sometimes difficult to tell which side to print on. With the double-sided paper, it doesn't matter and you can print on both sides. I do that when I'm doing die cutting that requires folding cut pieces of a die...then the "back" color contrasts nicely with the front color.
I guess the answer is "yes". My package of 8.5X11 Epson Ultra Premium Presentation Paper Matte has that sticker on the front cover. My other packages of the same paper (13 X 19 and 17 X 22) do not but may be a little older.
I use this paper all the time. I make a calendar each each and use this paper. It isn't thick like card stock, but it thicker than average paper. You would be wise to mount the print before you frame it, the paper can curve due to environmental conditions (humidity etc). But it is nice paper. I also have the same printer, so you are in good shape.
Probably. But not rolled too tightly.
Yes
This is a matte finish photo paper which makes very nice photos. I would order again. You have to print on the right side but both sides are very similar.
Yes, two (2) expansion posts are included. They are screwed together in the packing.
on the packaging it says Refill RMW-5
I only use the 12 x 12 book and the white inserts are 12 x 12. Can't answer for any of the smaller books by Pioneer.
You likely know the posts come with the additional page packets. They are added to the initial ones. I have a total of three posts and the book measures 1,3/4" including the backing. Jack.
There posts are small about a 1/2 inch each so you would need 4 to make one 2 " post.
It is 5 pages. They are the clear pocket type pages in which there are 5 sheets of white paper in each one. You can take them out as I did and use other colors of paper, use the paper provided or just put stuff inside. I actually decorate and add my photos onto 2 different sheets of decorative paper for scrapbooking then insert them back to back into the pocket or sleeve as I call it. So I get 10 pages. Probably more info than you need but I hope this helped! ;-)
They are 12X12 scrapbook pages
yes it does
I am not 100% sure on that. I used them in an album I ordered and they are slightly larger than the pages it came with but I am fine with that. Hope that helps!:-)
I do not, I have only 8 1/2x11 and 12x12, I have not seen that size in a very long time. Good luck on your search. Donna
Yes. It should come with an adaptor that changes the threading on the attached air hose.
Yes you can transfer the smaller paint holders into the jars that come with the set. Any testors or even other brand acrylics work best. Just be sure to clean the tubes between each use to avoid build up and clogging
According to the instructions provided, the Aztek Airbrush System is compatible with acrylic and enamel paints as well as lacquers. I have used it with water based stains and dyes to touch up damaged areas on wood finished such as gun stocks and guitar bodies.
yes
I measured the letter 'A' (the actual letter not the surrounding rubber or plastic) and it came in at about 3/4" tall and 5/8" wide. The full size of the stamp itself (including the plastic) is 7/8" by 7/8". If more details are needed, I'm happy to help.
Probably, but I think you might be happier with a different ( better constructed) stamp. I use these with my 4 year old grandson. I would use a different product if I were doing serious art.
I have not tried to use them in playdough. The playdough would have to be rolled fairly thin, also it would depend on who is using the stamps: the handles are not solid and if someone were to push too hard on it, the handle might crack.
It may work if you paint the bottom of the stamps (letters only) with a thin brush. When you press the stamp down on ink pad you also get the square outline of the stamp.
Yes, this case will fit the SINGER 7469 Confidence sewing machine.
Yes
Without the base the cover is about 10 inches high.
Measure the model you have and compare it with the measurements of this case.
Measure your machine and compare it to the dimensions of this case and you'll know if it fits or not. It's a roomy case so it should work.
I really don't know, measure your machine and see if the dimensions will work. All I can tell you is I have a fairly large machine, (a New Home) and it fits with plenty of room to spare. This case is 17-1/2 inches wide, 14 inches high (not including handle), 9-1/2 inches deep
Really couldn't tell You for sure! I wound think it would though because We put our Singer Digital machine in it with plenty of room! It's just A case not fitted for just one kind of Machine! It sure works for Us and it keeps the machine clean and no dust! We like it and would buy again!
No, it does not have a pouch for the foot pedal and no prongs to hold the machine in. It is a open box. I put my Singer machine towards the back of the bottom and then fold up my cord and put it in front of the machine on the bottom. It works great for me. It keeps the dust off of it.Its A firm plastic case, and it holds my heavy Singer machine with ease. Would I recommend it? Yes I would it does the job just not A fitted case. It works Great for Me!!!
i bought this for my 2 year olds 2nd bday she was started to get into playing with this kind of stuff so i decided to try it out.... but i would recommend it more for a three year old. As long as you are willing to play with the playdoh and this set with the child it it perfect for any age 2 and over. i would recommend getting playdoh tho the dough that comes with this set is terrible :)
This product is made in China, you can check product details from product information page on Melissa&Doug website. mediacdn.shopatron.com/media/mfg/677/media_document/dev_1/000165_Shape-Model-n-Mold_GCC_20130814.pdf?1381275527
Yes, there are four little tubs. I supplemented mine with some regular Playdoh. This is a wonderful set, though. My 2 1/2 year old grandson, who is just beginning to be able to do things like this, really loves it. He asks for it the minute he walks through my door.
Yes
You could probably use finger paints and it would work great with other clay or play doh products
Play dough is for kids, so by law it has to be nontoxic.
I'm not sure what you mean? The ingredients in the dough that comes with it? I couldn't tell you as I tossed that right away (there was about a tablespoon in each little container). As for the "ingredients" of the box, it comes as shown: 5 little blocks with imprint patterns, 3 rollers, and one "cutter" wheel (really a wheel you can make little impressions with).
According to the Melissa & Doug website, the play dough DOES contain wheat, so it is NOT gluten free.
Turn the handwheel until the needle is all the way to the left position and the green dots are lined up vertically. Making sure the thread guide is at its highest position, put the thread through the loop. Bring it down and thread it through the top hole, making sure the thread is ABOVE the stitch length dial. After threading through the top hold, bring the thread around and thread it through the bottom hole, also from back to front. Drape it over the thread tension adjuster, making sure the tension is not too tight. It must go through there easily. In front of the thread tension adjuster is another hole. Thread it through that and into the hold just on the other side of it. When you see the thread coming through into the machine, using tweezers, put it through the hook to hold it in place and then, using a needle threader, pull the thread through the needle from back to front. Thread should come out of needle facing you. I have found that using cone thread is easier than spool thread, although with some playing around with the adjustments, spool thread will do if its your only color match to the fabric. Make sure you double check the threading procedure as sometimes the thread goes under the stitch length dial or its not threaded through the thread tension adjuster properly. It's hard to explain without a drawing, but I'm not sure how to scan and put it on here for you. Also note that a blind hemmer has no bobbin thread. Hope this helps!
This blindhemmer uses ordinary sewing machine needles, not curved needles. They will wear out fairly quickly, so it is a good thing to buy a couple of packages if you will be using the machine much. I buy the needles at my sewing center. The documentation specifies HAx1SP, but that is the same thing as a common 80/12. I find that the Janome needles I buy in this size work well. You can also buy these on Amazon, though they are listed as Serger needles. http://www.amazon.com/Klasse-Serger-Needles-Type-HAx1SP/dp/B002EZU2P2 Sewing Machines Plus carries these and other sewing supplies.
no it does not
I don't think so. It was a gift for my grandson so it is not here for me to measure.
I bought 1 Lego plate to put on top. It will scoot around though. It was a gift for my grandson. I haven't heard complaints. They really like the drawers to store the Legos in.
Hi Jessica, The table is about 2.5 foot long and about 1.5 foot wide.
I bought this table for my 7 and 5 year old grandsons. This table is very sturdy and the kids love it. You can use it for just about anything, they have used it for Legos, building blocks, cars etc. it is a good size table too.
No it's not for lego it's just a green flat panel,,, I was very disappointed when I receive this play table, I see it looks like a lego top but it's not. my wife immediately demanded me to send back, it would have cost me, just As much, to mail it back. so we just got stuck with it. sorry to disappoint you
It is like a pearl finish. It has a surface that is not matte, but not glossy.
It has a very faint Epson water mark
I've had great results using the "premium photo paper semi-gloss" setting on my WF-3540. I believe there's a direction to do just that in the insert that comes with the paper.
Yes it is. It prints beautifully
Sure, as long as the paper size is compatible, it will work great.
I have two HP printers and it works perfectly. best photo paper That I have ever used
I feel it would be to thick. It is good quality photo paper. Hope this helps.
No, I wouldn't. It has the watermark stating it's premium photomedia on the back.
Yes, it works very will with the R1800 (and any other of the Stylus Photo line, for that matter). If you ever want to know what papers Epson recommends for a specific printer, you can find compatible papers by printer, size, and finish at their web site.
I use this paper on an Epson 2880 with incredible consistent results. That being said, I'm using high-resolution images that take advantage of Photoshop, the printer and the paper. I greatly prefer this 'luster' paper over 'glossy'. But that's a taste preference. I found the quality of this paper to be worth every penny. Make sure that your printer heads are clean before starting a print. Finding a nozzle is clogged half-way through a print is no fun. Does the media you're printing need a presentation like this? If not, definitely find something cheaper. It will not make a bad image better.
It's a transfer for fabrics. The transfer itself is like a sheet of paper. You put it into the printer, then use an iron to put whatever you printed onto fabric. I don't think it would work at all on paper, that's not what this is made for.
It works. But remember. The white area is 'transparent'. When you print a picture, the white areas are see-through. I printed a picture with lots of darks and transferred it to a dark shirt, and since white doesn't transfer, it didn't work out right. (Printers don't 'print' white)
Cut out picture and add picture to the scanner, insert the transfer papers as you you would regular typing paper and press print.......Cut around the picture of the transfer and turn upside down on material and press with iron according to directions of the transfer. Let it cool before lifting off the material .wa la you have a perfect transfer. If you are doing letters, don't forget to click mirror image on the printer. Good luck .
It just came with the transfer paper and instructions. I ironed on a towel placed between the fabric layers of the shirt. I've never heard of or used a kit with a silicone sheet.
yes of course, each sheet is a standard printer paper size so you could divide the design in 1/2 and do 2 sep pieces at the same time along the same margins or just remove the borders when printing so ensure that the whole image gets printed on one sheet of paper
wash them first or you can use brand new onesies don't matter it is what you prefer, but when you was them after transfer is on you have to wash in cold water, make sure the onesies are 100% cotton
I believe it would. It worked very well on everything I did!
I believe so but the surface would need to be smooth and somewhat flat to iron on.
No they cant, but what you could do is have your kids draw with crayons and then scan those pictures onto the computers then print them onto the paper.
The corners can peel but iron it some more right away. White tees are best I notice for little crinkling, I did a gray and it cracked badly .
If you hold the device facing you (the opening where you slide papers), on the right side, on the back, is a little silver handle. Press the device slightly closed and you can swivel out away from you. The only catch is it can slide very deep, become invisible, and be difficult to get out, which is probably why you're not seeing it. I promise it's there and squeezing it closed will make it easier to slide out. Kind of a pain, really...
It's a normal hole, like you find in school notebook paper or spiral tablets, not a little one like from a craft punch.
Box says item is made in China
Janet; yes, this paper will fit. It is the upgrade version to the TSP100 which I own. I have used several suppliers for print rolls and these are not only the best but the most economical. I am about to order another pack. The paper itself is bright white, which makes the printing stand out. This is important for me because my cooks need to see the order they are making when it sits on the ticket holder. The thickness of the paper makes it perfect, some paper looks transparent and recycled paper. This is a great product and fast shipping!
Not sure. It is the same as anywhere else. But will tell you I was not satisfied with this product as it was too thin. I did not like the way the receipts looked. They were hard to read.
I don't know but I was not satisfied with this product. Way too thin which made it hard to read receipt.
I don't know but beware that this paper is really thin and we found it hard to read our receipts. We ended up throwing all of ours away
YES.... I own several TSP100 printers and paper is bright, so far, the best quality I can find. Been buying this brand for over 4 yrs
This item I have noticed only turns black when you heat it up its not multi color.
yes
If FD200 machine requires "thermal paper", then yes. The paper is the whitest roll thermal paper I have found. It also is much thicker than rolls that sell much cheaper. Quality of printing is excellent, whereas cheaper thinner paper the quality of print was poor. Printing is crystal clear, profound black print with white paper makes receipt easy to read.
Yes, this is thermal paper so is will work with the TSP650. Just be aware that thermal printers and paper do not work well in high heat enviroments like kitchens.
It should this is thermal paper and as long as the size is correct you should be good to go.
I never counted the pages I was putting into it, but the slot where the pages go to punch the holes probably won't let you put to many more than about 30 sheets in it as it is narrow. In other words you can't try to punch 100 sheets at a time as they won't fit in the slot.
It will punch holes in legal size paper, but the spacing for punching holes cannot be adjusted, so the holes are in the same place as they would be on standard size paper.
Normal notebooks size.
I don't se why not as you can punch a stack of around 20 sheets of regular paper at once. I would suppose it would depend on how heavy and how laminated as I don't know what keeps the dyes for punching the holes sharp. I can say I would have given this machine more stars if I could as it is so easy to use! Punching the holes is just merely pressing an on off button, similar to turning on and off any other appliance.
No idea. i know this one punches three holes right where they should go.
One side is white and the other is the color you select
If it's just to look at it maybe ok...it tears fairly easily, so it won't stand much abuse...I use it for shotgun targets.
It is expensive paper and also thick, I wouldn't think it would be a good filler.
The paper is fairly thin. It might be suitable for making a hand-painted sign with tempera or acrylic paint, but I would not recommend using it for painting any piece of fine art. This is definitely more of an arts and crafts type paper, not intended to be used for fine art.
I think it would, though for total room darkening you'd be better off with something like black felted cloth. This paper would definitely maker it darker, but if the sun light was directly behind it, you'd need two layers.
Matte. I used it to wrap gifts, and as a table cover to draw on!
Very much so. This is what I use it for. Either I copy existing patterns, either I create from scratch. This paper is nice and sturdy. One thing to note: I do not use pins, only weights when I'm cutting my fabric so it doesn't matter to me if the paper is a little thicker than usual pattern making paper. Hope that helps.
It is substantially thicker than wrapping paper - but if you are willing to crease in the edges it could work. It would be like wrapping something with construction paper.
It's see through, I've doubled in the past or done painting or drawing on the outside to create my own personal wrapping paper.
Yes
yes, you may need to use 2 layers but it should
I've never made paper flowers but I would say this paper is too thick. Often when I tape a package it's so heavy the tape comes undone. I hope that helps!
Yes, tape will stick to it. I use this paper to wrap gifts. I honestly can't tell the difference between the textured sides so I've painted on both sides and taped both sides.
Yes it's pretty sturdy
It does have a center however it is very long approx 5 ft so it would likely need a custom roll. It is heavy and bulky. I leave mine in the box it came in, in the garage and lay it on a large table or the floor to wrap my items. It is somewhat see-through so I double wrap sometimes. Hope that helps!
Absolutely!! I let my kids draw on it all the time using crayons..works great.
No. It's too thick to be transparent.
I would not advise it to be painted on even though I have used for some light watercolor and a few acrylic paintings. Mostly I use it for large pen & ink work. If your carefull and don't scrub your brush on it or don't get it very wet... it works.... Hope this helps. ;-)
I think it would work great for that purpose. It is bright white and same color and texture on both sides. It's thicker than printer paper but easy to fold. I bought to wrap gifts with it folded around them nicely but ended up being able to see through if boxes were colored so that gives you idea of how thick it is. :) hope this helps
It will work great!
About the same size as a paper towel roll hole. Maybe a bit larger.
It rips very easy so I don't think so
Yes
We used regular school glue and it worked just fine.
It is thick enough to hide writing on boxes. I am not sure about it folding neatly. I have only used it to cover bulletin boards.
I don't think you would want this, because it rips so easily and does not lay flat.
Very much so. This is what I use it for. Either I copy existing patterns, either I create from scratch. This paper is nice and sturdy. One thing to note: I do not use pins, only weights when I'm cutting my fabric so it doesn't matter to me if the paper is a little thicker than usual pattern making paper. Hope that helps.
It is substantially thicker than wrapping paper - but if you are willing to crease in the edges it could work. It would be like wrapping something with construction paper.
It's see through, I've doubled in the past or done painting or drawing on the outside to create my own personal wrapping paper.
Yes
yes, you may need to use 2 layers but it should
I've never made paper flowers but I would say this paper is too thick. Often when I tape a package it's so heavy the tape comes undone. I hope that helps!
Yes, tape will stick to it. I use this paper to wrap gifts. I honestly can't tell the difference between the textured sides so I've painted on both sides and taped both sides.
Yes it's pretty sturdy
It does have a center however it is very long approx 5 ft so it would likely need a custom roll. It is heavy and bulky. I leave mine in the box it came in, in the garage and lay it on a large table or the floor to wrap my items. It is somewhat see-through so I double wrap sometimes. Hope that helps!
Absolutely!! I let my kids draw on it all the time using crayons..works great.
Total
yes it is. it was used to "dye" easter eggs at a science museum
It's been a while since I ordered this, but it came flat as I remember.
i used it to "dye" easter eggs. Its tissue paper that allows the color to run if wettened. I have made stained glass using white glue mixed with food coloring on transparency paper
tissue paper
Yes, only a few slices, there is a huge variety of colors, just don't get wet. Color bleeds easily
It is the same strength as ordinary tissue paper, but I'm not a kite flyer. HOWEVER, please read the description very closely because I'm pretty sure (since I'm one of the purchasers of this tissue paper) this is the kind that "bleeds" colors, and any moisture will cause the color to bleed into other pieces of the project.. If you did not select the Bleeding tissue paper, I'm not sure. The paper will not stand up to glue, isn't strong enough for tape for any length of time, but may be good for kites. I've never made a kite.
I ordered this paper because it bleeds on other papers (for crafting and card making). The bleeding color is lighter than the paper, but, so far, hasn't faded at all.
I am awaiting a knee replacement and can't go look , but there are many shades of each color. You could possibly even layer two colors to get the effect of another shade.
I have wrapped presents in it days before they were to be unwrapped and there seemed to be no color rub off or other problem, so I would think so.
Very much so. This is what I use it for. Either I copy existing patterns, either I create from scratch. This paper is nice and sturdy. One thing to note: I do not use pins, only weights when I'm cutting my fabric so it doesn't matter to me if the paper is a little thicker than usual pattern making paper. Hope that helps.
It is substantially thicker than wrapping paper - but if you are willing to crease in the edges it could work. It would be like wrapping something with construction paper.
It's see through, I've doubled in the past or done painting or drawing on the outside to create my own personal wrapping paper.
Yes
yes, you may need to use 2 layers but it should
I've never made paper flowers but I would say this paper is too thick. Often when I tape a package it's so heavy the tape comes undone. I hope that helps!
Yes, tape will stick to it. I use this paper to wrap gifts. I honestly can't tell the difference between the textured sides so I've painted on both sides and taped both sides.
Yes it's pretty sturdy
It does have a center however it is very long approx 5 ft so it would likely need a custom roll. It is heavy and bulky. I leave mine in the box it came in, in the garage and lay it on a large table or the floor to wrap my items. It is somewhat see-through so I double wrap sometimes. Hope that helps!
Absolutely!! I let my kids draw on it all the time using crayons..works great.
Very much so. This is what I use it for. Either I copy existing patterns, either I create from scratch. This paper is nice and sturdy. One thing to note: I do not use pins, only weights when I'm cutting my fabric so it doesn't matter to me if the paper is a little thicker than usual pattern making paper. Hope that helps.
It is substantially thicker than wrapping paper - but if you are willing to crease in the edges it could work. It would be like wrapping something with construction paper.
It's see through, I've doubled in the past or done painting or drawing on the outside to create my own personal wrapping paper.
Yes
yes, you may need to use 2 layers but it should
I've never made paper flowers but I would say this paper is too thick. Often when I tape a package it's so heavy the tape comes undone. I hope that helps!
Yes, tape will stick to it. I use this paper to wrap gifts. I honestly can't tell the difference between the textured sides so I've painted on both sides and taped both sides.
Yes it's pretty sturdy
It does have a center however it is very long approx 5 ft so it would likely need a custom roll. It is heavy and bulky. I leave mine in the box it came in, in the garage and lay it on a large table or the floor to wrap my items. It is somewhat see-through so I double wrap sometimes. Hope that helps!
Absolutely!! I let my kids draw on it all the time using crayons..works great.
We use it for printing certificates. However, I think it would be great for handwritten letters; perfect for calligraphy work also.
It is letter size.
Yes - it is 24lb paper and handles folding well.
I've only ever used it for B/W laser printing, which it does superbly. The weight and texture would lend itself to being physically capable of duplex color printing, but it would most likely require a couple of test runs to adjust coloration to account for the tinge of the paper itself.
no, it is too thick. I use it for programs.
There is no watermark on the parchment paper.
the parchment paper is 8-1/2 x 11
Maybe a nice thik construction paper works best. I didn't get special paper or anything just thick construction paper
They do not dissolve well in water. When blending/shading I have had much better success using oil or alcohol.
I am not sure but if you get them on your hands they are easy to get off I recommend if you are blending colors to use a napkin
I think so.
I don't have my set here at home (I use them with my students at school) but they are about 3 inches long and quite fat.
They are ok. If you are an artist looking for a specific finish, I would spend the extra for a brand not geared for kids.
They self sharpen as you use them. Use at about a 45 degree tilt angle; apply color; rotate/spin a few degrees and color; continue until you have used all 360 degrees of the crayon diameter and you should have a new point. Works for me. I have never tried a regular crayon sharpener, but the primary (for the big crayons) one with the larger insert hole might work.
According to my box, they are made in Korea.
I do not use this for that purpose.
NO - do not use them on a dry erase board - dry erase markers are not oil-based. These or ANY oil product would stain.
Package said made in China
I am left handed and these scissors definitely did not work for me. The blades are wrong and you can not see what you are cutting. Some reviewers on this site say that they are left handed but I even contacted Fiskars, sent them back, because they said they would send me true left handed scissors and instead the customer service guy sent the ones I sent back to me and apologized saying they have continued to get complaints about them. It seems the handles fit your left hand but the blades are wrong, still machined for a right handed person.
I bought them for my right-handed friend who's right hand was in a cast. She had to use her left hand to cut things and open bags. She said it worked like a charm, when the right-hand scissors would not work in her left hand.
This punch is very easy to use when you know how. ; } Place the punch on a flat table surface. Face the punch with the arm side towards you. Below the arm is a light gray plastic piece with arrows on it. Push down on the arm of the punch and push the light gray piece to the left. This opens the arm for use. To set the punch for using other options than the 3 hole punch: Under the punch are black screws. Loosen these and move them to the proper location for your punching needs. Tighten them back up when in the proper location. Punch away!! If you have any other questions, I would be pleased to answer them. This is a fine product. Patricia
Yes, I can help! Place the punch on a firm surface. Side facing you should be with the gray arrows. Hold down the punch arm and move the gray piece to the left. It will unlock. You must have the arm held down to lock or unlock. I hope this helps, it's an excellent punch. If you have trouble or have any other questions, ask away. Patricia Robinson.
yes. on the backside of this hole puncher (I don't think you can see a picture of it) it has adjustment tabs so you can move the hole(s) placement to literally anything that suits your needs as long as its smaller then 11.5".
Sorry, I don't know.
There are screws on the bottom and additional holes. Unscrew the punch and move it to the place you want it to be, then screw it back together.
No, it only has the capability of punching 3 holes.
I'm not sure-
http://www.swingline.com/swingline/us/us/s/2298/punch-heads.aspx#.UtIyBtJdV94 I found this website by searching for swingline parts. You have to know the model number of the punch since there are many punch parts available.
Seems silly but are you sure it is in the unlocked position? When in the locked position the lever part is at the unlocked arrow. You have to press down and move the selector the direction of the arrow in order for it to unlock. When unlocked the Lever should be at nearly a 45degree angle and free to bobble back and forth when touched. When locked the handle doesn't move even when pressed or pulled.
Don't know the answer put would suspect not because I believe there are only 3 pegs.
It is not a smooth surface at all. But does not show texture. If you haven't tried it, please do so. My prints are beautiful on this paper and are perfect for galleries or museums.
There is no watermark but the directions recommend only printing on one side
Check Epson's website. I know it does work with my Stylus Pro 3880 printer. Also check the paper profiles that came with your printer by clicking on PRINt. The papers that work with your printer will be in the media portion of the dialogue box.
See if you can find a custom profile. You can also try photo rag it might give you simular results.
I use it with my Canon Pixma Pro100 with excellent results...
I buy Velvet for the front side - duh! Why do you care if you print on the back? There are cheaper, quality Epson papers for printing other things.
20 sheets.
19 mil
From Epson you pay full retail price, unless they're having a sale on this particlar paper (RARE!). Price here on Amazon is less than $50.00. I'm going to place another order for it later today from Amazon.
Mr. Showers was helpful to answer, however his answer was ....WRONG! Unfortunately I based my purchase on his wrong answer. :-( The correct answer is that there are 20 sheets of 13 x 19 in the box of Velvet Fine Art paper.
yes I've used it in both types of printers, love this paper
One side only not both. The side that is textured so your print looks great.
Yes..the box..I bought paper it is 8.5. X. 11
The paper is 260 g/m2. I would describe it like a watercolor paper weight. It can compare to a business card thickness. I found this description for you from a printer online: 260gsm(g/m2) premium paper - heavy weight, our thickest paper for our poster printing service. This paper is considerably thicker and more hard wearing than the thinnest budget paper. This can be likened to the thickness of magazine covers, nearing the feel and rigidness of thin card, but would still fold easily if required.
It is a flat black and white paper similar to matt surface papers for darkroom printing. I did not like it as it was not "velvet" black at all.
I used it in an Xp-610 and the results were excellent. The 610 does have adjustments for the thickness of the paper stock.
I print on the Epson Velvet Fine Art Paper using a Canon Pixma Printer (ink jet) and it prints beautifully on either side of the Velvet Fine Art Paper. The side that I print on depends on if the print is to be used as a notecard where one might use a fountain pen. Side A of the Velvet Fine Art Paper has more sizing to keep the fountain pen from wicking.
I am not sure what the results would be. Usually papers of this quality are designed for the Epson's printers, as paper of similar quality are designed for the Canon printers. I would suggest that you consider using Canon paper with the Canon printer, just look for a matte paper that is considered fine art paper. Also be sure that you get the correct profile for that paper, results are very dependent on the profiles that are designed by the printer/paper manufactures.
It is letter size (8.5 x 11). It fits a standard printer.
No
Album size 13 1/4 x 8 1/2 Pioneer refill RST-6
These are 8 inches wide and about 13 1/2 inches long. Sorry Lori these won't work for you
I think that map is just a sample picture album. The refill pages are clear
11 3/4 by 6 3/4.
It is standard size for 3 ring photo books that hold 4x6 photos so should work.
It has been so long since I bought and used these pages, I can't swear to it but I just measured the sheets in the book I know I bought them for and I am pretty sure they are ten and a half inches long. There were a few sheets in the book that were eleven inches long, thus the confusion. I'm sorry I could not be more definite.
Yes, they do have the white paper inside of them. Good luck. I prefer buying them online thru a photo company.
Jen, Unfortunatly I am not too sure. Someone in my office asked me to order then and I handed them off without looking at them myself. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful. Lauren
Yes
Cylinder shaped, not oval
these are mini glue sticks; they are 4" x .27"; 25 to the bag; works great in the mini hot glue gun
I do not know, but imagine it would; use the black glue stick (is for harder jobs); I use the clear glue stick for my jobs, e.g. do dads /dcor onto paper, kids clothes. Know you cannot wash the T shirts make and stick things on cuz am sure dcor would fall off in washer, but I would try y our project.
Frosty
25 in this mini package it is right on the picture of the surebonder package. The standard size has 50 in a pack. hope this helps
This is the gun I used them with http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00009RUCR/ref=oh_details_o03_s03_i01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
The fabric is slightly off-white. The texture is slightly rough feeling and is slightly stiff. it is thick enough the under fabric does not show through. Great to make personal labels for quilters.
What a neat use for the fabric sheets! We really didn't know, so we applied two tests. First we spit on it, imitating a baby as best we could. It didn't run. We then held it under running water for a minute or so and rubbed it vigorously. Again, it didn't run. However, the label we tested was printed a couple weeks ago, so the inkjet ink had plenty of time to dry. We think you'd be safe in printing the baby books -- good luck!
I used this with black and white laser printer without any problems.
Hey Dave ! The printer sheets are ready too go ! This is really a great product !
Yes, that would be a great idea.
Hi Mary! We had no problem with smearing, but it was probably a week later that I spit on it and tried to smear it. You might try that first. Just guessing that ScotchGard might do the same thing as spit, since it is a liquid. Good luck with the experiments!
No it will not.
You have to use the fabric with another fabric.
It would work on fabrics like T-shirts but probably not on sweaters and things like that.
This paper/fabric is very thin but has an iron on backing . You could probably try it but the nub of the canvas may make it difficult to iron the transfer onto.
Going from a Baby Lock to a Brother will be a little bit of a shock. The Baby Lock is certainly smoother than the 1034D will ever be and more than likely you had more options on your 8 thread Babylock. With that being said, I really like my Brother 1034 D and have not had any of the issues that have been discussed in the neg reviews. I have also used a Singer Serger and must say that my machine threads amazingly in comparison to the Singer! I also have not had nearly as many broken threads as I have on the Singer. I am glad I bought this product and have been using it for 18 months now.
Depends what you are sewing, if it is seams, yes but for regular sewing no. Kind of like a microwave and a kitchen oven. A microwave is fast but the food texture is different than in a oven. So, it is nice to have both
Yes,I have used it to sew a quilt top together because it stitches a seam and overlocks at the same time. It is especially good for knit fabric. :-)
Izzy, if you can thread a sewing machine, you can thread this machine. I carefully followed the directions in the booklet and to my surprise I got it on the first try. I also took the beginning serger class on Craftsy.com which helped. The difficulty with threading the machine is tight space. But with the tweezers its manageable. I would do it when you have an hour of uninterrupted time to concentrate on it the task at hand. Then go step by step. I never used a serger before. I was very leery when I started, but it was easier than I thought. I think this is a good basic machine for beginning to use a serger. I made a simple knit skirt using the serger. It was fast and I got a good result. I really recommend the Craftsy class which I watched prior to using my machine. Hope this helps.
Whatever size you buy, make sure you get 4 of each color. I use black, white, beige and red, but check out what colors she uses most.
I have used it on heavy duty home decor fabric to make dining room chair cushions and it cut and sewed right through it with no hesitations.
It will do both at the same time.
I sew too and if you are a true beginner I would suggest you start out with a regular sewing machine. You can do everything with a sewing machine where as a serger can do a lot BUT you would still need a sewing machine for some projects. Everything you mentioned you can use a sewing machine on. In fact, some sewing machine even has a "serger or a coverlock' stitch on it which could eliminate a serger completely. Once you get comfortable with sewing a few things then you can add a serger in but you can sew the rest of your life with a sewing machine and still produce high quality results without ever buying a serger. Be warned:sewing can be addictive lol. If you need any advice about sewing or finding patterns then look me up on facebook and I can give you some group links just for sewing and getting encouragement just starting out. Stephanie Kimerer Vazquez
double needle. this is the best machine I have ever used. I am so happy I bought it. It is soooooo easy to thread and use. great buy. I just cant say enough about it.
Hi Astrid. This machine is fantastic to sew swimsuits. It has safety stich. I am a fashion designer and I frequently sew swimsuits with it. Try yourself!!!!
It will dry out over a few weeks, but it isn't solid, it crumbles. You need to bake it for the polymer to activate.
If you're talking about a quarter size stone, you'd get dozens. My guess would be 4-6 per color rectangle depending on the size of each stone. I bought 2 packs for my grandkids. They've molded cookies the size of a quarter, pies, mario, dinosaurs, etc. and haven't yet used up half of 1 multi-pack. Hope this helps.
Nope, it doesn't smell like anything.
the reason I use poly clay is because it doesn't harden like molding clay. It becomes firm, you can'f adjust shape, but it is plyable enough that it doesn't break if i drop it. It will break if you put too much pressure on it. A lot would depend on how fine of pieces are you making. If it i a long piece that is only 1/8 th inch it may not work..but if its a piece that is 1/2 inch or more I would think you won't have problems.
Yes its great for lots of activities if you look on YouTube you can find great ideas
Yes we have had no ill effects
It does not come with any charms, but is an excellent deal for the amount of clay you are getting. To make things out of the clay you do not need anything extra unless you want it. If you choose to use it for jewelry making you will need fastenings and such, I use it for making things to go in fairy gardens and as such have no need for any little extra things.
I would not recommend microwaving this! I gave some of this to a friend of mine and she put it in the microwave after I told her I would not do it. We smelled this awful stench and it had melted and caught on fire in the microwave. It destroyed the clay and the brand new microwave. The house smelled like burnt chemicals for a long time after. So please, please do not try it in the microwave!!!
well each piece of colored clay isn't big but if your students do something different or use only a certain amount of each color they could make it a decent amount
According to what I found online... "Sculpey is a brand of polymer clay made by Polyform Products in the United States. Sculpey was first created in the early 1960s. The original idea was to use the clay as a thermal transfer compound; this would conduct heat away from the cores of electrical transformers. However, the compound was not successful for this use so it was pushed to the side for a while. In the late 1960s it was then discovered that this compound could be molded, baked, sanded, drilled, carved and painted. This was a perfect medium for the craft industry. The clay was marketed directly to people at craft shows, street fairs and demonstrations in small art stores." Hope this helps!
To be honest, I haven't had a problem with any brand including dollars stores. Eventually it will get dirty like any whiteboard so i end I end up cleaning with that expo solvent stuff but the important thing is to figure out which side is the erasable side and which is not. Sounds like it would be obvious but I've mixed them up twice now so check before you use the paper!
I stuck them to my classroom window. The writing never wants to wipe off, so I ended up moving it to the backside of the window to write on the glass and have a white backing. The rest are a waste. It's impossible to wipe off the dry erase. Maybe a wet erase marker will work better.
They are extremely thin (think saran wrap thin, I didn't believe it myself until I got mine) and I have found the surface raises where you have written so they are really not good for multiple uses. I find they tear very easily.
Wendy, they stick to the wall because of static. They remove super easily. I've never tried the printer option.
We use these to stick to concrete block walls in our training room. I see no reason why they would stick to a clean bulletin board.
Not sure but think they could.
I bought the Expo package with the cleaning solution and it worked excellent. Writes well and wipe everything off completely.
I think the writing would stay one pretty well. It may depend on the marker you use. The ones I use take elbow-grease and alcohol to come clean, which means the writing is semi-permanent until I rub the daylights out of it.
Any Dry Erase Marker should work.
Each sheet is 27'X34". They are great. If it takes too much effort to clean the writing off, turn the sheet over and write on the other side. It will come off easier.
I use muslin and cut my own cloth leaders otherwise you have to buy them. The only clamps used is to keep cloth tight and yes them are include and I love my Grace frame
They come both finished and unfinished (I highly suggest getting the pre-finished one or staining it yourself before first use). You can get any size or finish directly from graceframe.com. The Fruitwood finish costs an additional $100 (I just checked their website). You can get really good, detailed pictures of the frame and options that are available on www.sewingmachinesplus.com. The best price is from Amazon, but I don't see a pre-stained finish option.
Cant tell you for sure, as I no longer have it. The room used was very large and it ised a lot of the space. I developed back problems and can no longer use a floor frame. It is VERY long and difficult to maneuver singly
This item sets up in crib, twin, queen, and king sizes
Thank you for your interest but unfortunately we are unable to ship to the UK at this time.
There is an adhesive backing on your homemade sticker, but it won't cut around the image as a regular sticker is punched out. So you'll have extra adhesive on a square paper around the image. Once you peel off the backing that all will come off with it, and you are left with the sticky image. I hope this helps.
It sure does :)
Yes. You can. You can us a toothpick to push them through.
Not yet, but have stuck it on glass.
Not sure I understand what you are asking. Are you saying that you have three 5 1/2 inch refill cartridges? The refill cartridges have to match the particular machine you have. For instance you cannot put a 1 inch refill into a 5 inch Xyron. Hope this helps.
There is no way to tell. The adhesive is bonded to the back of the item to be stuck down. It is clear but probably not crystal. It is acid free.
It only sticks to the parts that remain after cutting. I thought the same thing and watched a few youtube videos before buying to understand better. Try looking it up on youtube.
I don't know if it would become waterproof or not but it will definitely stick. There are different types of adhesives. I have permanent (non-repositional) and it adheres very well.
Yes. You can either cut out the images first, or insert a 5" piece of paper with the image(s) on it and cut out after the adhesive has been applied. They have both a permanent and a repositionable adhesive available. Good luck.
Yes they just slide in and out very easy
Yes it is! However, my dress form arrived damaged and I never exchanged it, but the threads won't catch anymore on the back adjustment dial. So I have to adjust the other three dials until it's the correct size.
Plastic gears they work fine though. The spaces to adjust are large, so it makes pinning a bit hard. It's worked good for what I've done so far
This one can stretch about a couple of inches longer in the torso. The Dritz Twin Fit can stretch from 15 inches, up to 19 or 20 inches in the torso.
The pole is not off center so you cannot work on pants.
If I were you, I would contact Brother's customer service and tell them that it was missing when you got it. If they care about customer satisfaction, they should send you a replacement free of charge. Good luck.
I purchased the actual sewing machine, this is not what I purchased. It does look like an add on or something.
The manufacture for brother is online at at http://www.brother-usa.com. Your manual will list the bobbins, and equipment needed to operate "your" machine. The on line manufacture site can answer any questions for you about "your" machine. Once you have the correct part number you can order supplies from Brother or purchase from other on line supply companies. The manufacuture may even have a local dealer within 50 miles of your home. Or Google "brother sewing machine needles" Happy hunting.
Yes absolutely, though I use mine for my serger, they will work for any needle. I just tried it on a very tiny eyed needle to make sure.
These are very fragile but do work
These are needle threaders, not meant for machines. If you are meaning can you use them to thread the needles on the machine, I don't see why not.
This is for threading needles. You could put any kind of thread or floss in it to thread into something else.
Yes they work great on ours. We bought them originally for an industrial server, but they work great on all our machines.
in my opinion, no! i used it on a pair of lightweight dress pants and 1x in the wash, they came completely apart!! i know i did it right. i have used hem tape many times before. do yourself a favor. opt for the heavy duty stuff. this is a joke.
I would say that it's relatively easy. In my case after 3 or 4 washing-drying cycles the hem (which is what we used this for) started falling apart in some sections. From there it was easy to take it off and apply a new layer.
Yes you can stitch over the stich witchery once you get it ironed on!!! For example if you say...were making a lined panel (curtain) then you would iron on SW to your desired returns (hem line) according to the printed instructions on back of packaging on both the face fabric and the linining fabric then the next step would be to stitch both pieces of fabric together! So you would have had to stiched over the SW!!! It will not affect your sewing machine needle in any way....if this was what you were worried about! Hope this helps.
Yes! I used it to make no sew curtains and it bonded great. Just make sure to use wet towel and hold it for 10 secs. I used on cotton too..very pleased
It is very strong when applied properly. I have it on the bottom of my bathrobe hem and have washed and dried it many times and it is still stuck. I don't think she can pull it off
Under a yard I think. The actual tape is white, webbed, and a little stiff.
If you can overlap edges of the opening it should work fine
Yes, it's like plastic wrap. The actual tape is white, webbed and a little stiff.
Don't know never used it for that . I used it for curtains if you do try it all you need is 1 roll it has a lot also its good to have one around for multiuser such as quick hem for cloths
I'm really not sure I guess you just have to try. Sorry
No, it's small. I wanted a large punch and was surprised by the size. I didn't return it, but I haven't used it yet either.
Slide the paper into the slot and push down like a hole punch. I got the wrong size when I ordered...thought it would be larger...too small for my use.
It is pretty small. I don't remember exactly, but around a half inch
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
Yes, the etching is permenant and will remain if it gets wet. I did have to leave the product on for quite a while for it to have the etching effect I wanted. I applied several coats as well and left each one on for about 30 minutes.
There are directions on the bottle, follow them precisely. This is best for crafting images onto glass.
This product is NOT FOR CLEANING GLASSES. It is for etching designs into glass.
I have no doubt it will but I can't say for sure. I bought it to remove the coating on my eyeglasses, which I can say does NOT do.
Depends on what size the projects are, but you can do quite a few. So far I've etched a smallish design (2x3") on 3 glasses and I've still got most of the bottle left.
Get a small paint brush and apply a thick coat to both sides of your glasses. Leave it for about 45 minutes and then rinse it off. If it doesn't get everything off the first time, repeat the process
I bought this product to remove the anti glare film from my glasses. It did exactly that. Put it on and left it 45 minutes and rinsed them off.
No, actually they remain intact...I hadn't even thought about it until you asked. I find the regular size holes often get a little bent, but I didn't find that with these.
It would be hard to use this on leather. This is more for paper. They sell leather punches on Amazon. (I bought one)
I just measured mine, it's 2".
Yes, from the front you are able to in my opinion. It cuts perfectly and the hole is perfect size for stringing a string or two to attach to a cookie as a favour which is why I purchased it for.
I am assuming your talking about metal bottle caps. I say try at your own risk. This is used for paper, construction paper and thin leather
J. Williams, I would think it would work just fine. I used mine for the smallest hole that I could thread an elastic thread through on a product card. The card is only about 1 1/2 inch square, so it was important not to have something any bigger than the thread....and leaving room for the information on the card. It might be worth giving it a try. I just grabbed one of my cards and some earrings. It is not a tight fit. But, with the shape of the 'hook,' they don't just fall off if the card is twisted and turned. I also looked at a earring card that was still in my jewelry box. It is the exact hole size of this card for post type earrings. Hope this helps, Linda
It punches a 1/16" hole which is great for small brads. If your brad is a little larger than the hole, it still will make a hole to start the brad through the paper. I very much like this punch. It does a great job.
I do not understand your question, sorry!
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
The distance between each slat is very close to 5/8 of an inch!
The holder that I got from Amazon is not the one you can hang on the wall. Mine sits on the cutting table. I do have one that hangs on the wall. The difference in the two is the one that sits on the cutting table has grooves straight up and down and the one that I have on the wall has diagonal grooves and I got it at the quilt show. Just be sure that it says it can be hung on the wall. My rulers are different sizes too and they fit in both of them.
Just tried it...works fine.
I am assuming that they do, but I haven't tried it. I haven't had my Martelli cutter for very long -- perhaps a month. I was planning to call Martelli and ask if they work with other brands of cutters. The reason I wanted to know is that I have a bunch of Olfa blades that I might be able to use on the Martelli cutter. I'd suggest you watch the video on the Martelli cutter on the Martelli site. It is very good, and certainly teaches how to use a rotary cutter properly. Martelli makes the very best products. I have several of them.
I purchased 2 in March and yes they have the indentations for your thumb and forefinger.
Hi Bonnie, if you look at the cutter with the blade and screw side towards you you can see a clear tab above the screw. Make sure your blade is closed, remove the screw turning counter clockwise and then the clear tab can be seen right underneath the screw hole. You push the tab towards the area where the blade opens. I wanted to send you a picture of the instructions but I can't attach it. If you want to you can email me at terryr915@yahoo.com. Terry
Because they only list the retail price. No one actually sells it for that.
Bertha, the difference in colors is handedness. The red cutter is shaped for righthanded folks, the black is the reverse angle for left handed folks. And, btw, it really does work! Their rotary cutting mat is excellent, too.
Yep, and it will NOT work. This version of the Martelli cutter uses a blade with a smooth circle in the middle, not the notched like the Olfa. The earlier Martelli cutters did use the usual notched blades, but not the new one. I don't know if there is a "model" # or something like that to tell the difference between the old and the new versions. That said, I wouldn't be able to cut fabric if I used anything else, so I switched to the smooth circle blades. :)
How about right here on Amazon? I got mine from here with no problems.
Sorry, but I don't know. I do like it and it is the first one I have had.
My "go-to" cutter is the 45mm. The 45mm is easier to use for pattern cutting and I feel easier to control. A new blade can easily cut from 4 to 6 layers of fabric. The 60mm is great for cutting layers of 6 or more and great for straight cuts. Any rotary cutter works best with straight cuts and in conjunction with a rotary ruler and mat. Hope this answers your question.
It would! But it makes a pretty good mess when spraying and a pricey buy for just that. A little bit of Elmer's White School Glue (which is like $1) heat set with a hot dry iron will work super good, plus is totally water soluble :)
I am not sure the smooth surface of the mirror would create enough "grab", oddly enough you know what might work well is good old fashioned water soluble glue sticks, I use them a lot in my sewing, they hold well and are easy to clean up, plus cheaper :)
I use it all the time while machine embroidering (to attach the stabilizer to the fabric when i dont hoop it) and what works for me is warm water if the fabric can take it. even hot water will do it faster
This product is used by sewers as a temporary fixative only. Yes, it will wash out completely.
Yes, it should. I have never had a problem with it---just be sure to spray the back of the temporary applique, not the band uniform itself.
I do not understand your question exactly, but let me tell you how I use this product. It is as temporary adhesive and I use it layering my quilting, i.e., backing, spray, batting, spray and then the top. This holds the layers together so I can quilt either by hand or machine. I launder my quilt before using. If, however, it is a wall hanging,I usually do not launder. It is an adhesive not intended to remove the ink from pre-stamped embroidery.
I love the 505 spray because it does not gum up the sewing machine needle. Because the felt is such a porous surface you can use it but spray both the felt and the stabilizer ... let them sit for about 30 seconds and then press them together. Another option would be to get some of the stabilizer than has a tacky surface. The tacky surface stabilizer will allow you to reposition and or use a piece of felt or fabric that is smaller than your hoop but large enough for the design you wish to embroider (by machine).
you spray lightly so you can get several quilts from one can. Spray fast and lightly. If you give it a heavy spray you will gunk up your machine. Be sure to spray the fabric NOT the batting. The batting will really absorb the spray.
The small can.
It will stick, but, i am unfamiliar with the process you are using
The bag is quite roomy - just shy of 14" high, about 12 1/2" side to side and about 11 3/4" front to back. I have a Baby Lock Eclipse that fits in it with room to spare.
across the top front to back it is 11" sides are front to back 11" and width side to side is about 13". Hope this helps.
There is a solid piece in the bottom that should be strong enough to support the serger. Not sure what size your serger is but mine is a Janome 4 thread and fits in easily.
I have a Janome 1200D serger will this fit? It is a 5 thread serger.Thank you
It is 15"H x 21"W x 10"D, I can fit my 24 yr old Singer Ultra Unlimited sewing machine, a power strip, small fan, accessory box inside the large compartment. Plus extra scissors, needles and my Nook in the outside pocket.
20 x 9 1/2 x 16
You would have to ask the TSA. You would not be allowed to carry your scissors it rotary cutters in it. The sides are soft so I would not trust it to be checked with a machine in it. I use mine mostly to take my machine to the school to help sew flags and uniforms for field band
Most machines fit into the bags sold.
My machine is a Brother SQ9185, not so fancy but it has the quilting arm attachment. The interior dimensions of the bag are 20x15x9 if that helps. I have space for fabric and supplies above my machine.
It has plastic wheels that work ok, but break with too much weight in case.
Most sewing machines will fit, Singer, Kenmore, Brother and some of the smaller Janome and Bernina. Watch out as the handles on these aren't the best.
20 inches wide, 8 inches deep; 15 inches high. Hope this helps
Sorry, I have no information about such a machine or dimensions.
I would venture to say most likely if it is a 15 watt 120 volt push in base. I purchased it for my 80 plus year old Aunt's older machine and she was thrilled she did not have to drive and look for the bulb and it was delivered to her doorstep in 2 days. It certainly was cheap enough to buy over the internet and save her the cost of gas.
It depends entirely on the base type, I think, if yours is a push in base bulb, I'm sure this will work, I think the only other type of sewing machine bulb is the screw in type, or that's the only other I know of!
I have a Pfaff and it works great for me. My concern was since it was a push in that the nibs on the side might be too big or too small or too fat or something along that line. It turned out to be a non problem.
It seems to be standard size vintage sewing machine with a bayonette type sockets. The newer ones have a screw on bulb. I used a refrigerator bulp on those. I hope that helps you. Happiness!
Yes we will ship to the UK. Thank you Yards N Yarn
I'm not sure. I do know that bayonet type light bulbs for sewing machine are standard and if your elna lotus sp requires a bayonet type light bulb base then it might fit. I hope that helps.
If it has the same bayonet type slot on it, it probably will. If its a thread on system you can use the refrigerator light bulb. You can also bring the worn out bulb to walmart/ joann's to see if it will match your featherweight's light bulb. My oldest sewing machine is from the 50s an the singer light bulb is what I used for it. Hope that helps.
The fleece has no bearing on the parts you may need replaced zippers are metal, plastic or nylon and that's what should match to the repair kit. . I am assuming the zipper you have in the fleece vest or jacket is plastic #5 for which the metal kit may not be what you are looking for.
If the top stop is a small metal clip, then it can be pried apart with a small screwdriver and clamped back after with a pair of needle nose pliers. If the top stop is a molded nylon stop, then use a file or a pair of diagonal cutters to get rid of the little nubs that prevent the slider from coming off. After, use a small knife to cut a little groove on the side of the top stop and then use needle and thread to wrap a few lines around the stop. This will serve the same function as the removed nubs. Follow with a drop of Krazy Glue on the thread to harden it.
I don't think so. The product description lists what sizes it comes with.
Not sure what you are asking, but yes there are end pieces/stops included. Also the mfr is VERY helpful and will help you over the phone if you need it.
There is at least one large zipper head, however, it will also depend on what size you are seeking.If I recall the size head was for a #5 brass zipper, which will do in a pinch.
No, these only work with stops.
8 sliders. 4 large, 2 medium, 2 small
Nope, this kit allows you to replace the 'slide' that closes the zipper when you zip the garment. You can find 'pull' replacements on line or in a fabric store.
There are several different size zippers in the kit. You find the one that matches your zipper, select it and follow instructions. I think there is probably at least one of most type of zippers in the kit. I do not know this for sure. I was very satisfied with the kit and was able to repair a favorite jacket of mine.
Yes. I have used this repair kit on a couple of zippers now, both metal and nylon, and it is really easy to use, has easy to follow instructions and is well worth the money for the garments I have saved.
The Bondex patch that I purchased had a glossy side which was the sticky/iron-on side, so no, one side only, but works great. I'm thinking they, or somebody makes double sided. Suggest you read customer ratings/comments until you find one!
Navy like for the school uniform pants to patch them
It's been a while since I ordered and used. They worked well. The 5 X 7 patch can easily be cut to fit. Hope this helps.
The product usually indicates what color they are in the description. You can also get a packet of an assortment of colors.
7" blade, 9" closed.
Yes, you can replace the blade in this saw. The Bahco blade is held in to the handle with a large Philips screw on the locking button side, and a locking nut in a captive slot on the reverse side. I haven't seen the exact blade used in the Laplander saw listed separately for sale here in the US, but it's a common replacement overseas, especially in Europe. NOTE: The 396HP blade is for the 396HP 7-1/2" saw, the 396JT blade is for the 396JT Japanese Tooth style saw. Both of these blades are NOT the original blade for the 396-LAP 8" Laplander saw. Links below: 396-JT: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0001IX7OM/ http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0034076OQ/ 396-HP: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000288XPY/ http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0001IX7N8/ 396-LAP: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0001IX7OW/
I haven't used that saw, but I've heard good things about it too. I watched a comparison of many folding saws competing on the same log, and the Laplander consistently outperformed the others. My experience has been very positive. My wife even starting batoning with the saw blade (she saw me baton with a knife) and I quickly asked her to stop when I made it back to camp. I thought the blade would be destroyed, but it was fine. Hope that helps.
Yes
It will but you know that's not what it ment for.
Yes it can be sharpened. Can;t imagine anyone having a saw & not having a file to sharpen it! Let me get this right. Everyone is saying that when you are out camping and you'e cutting a piece of wood and rake the teeth across a piece of wire, or nail, or bullet in the wood and dull the blade that you are supposed to stop and spend 2 weeks to get a new blade? Get a file and waste a whole 10 minutes and re-sharpen it:)
As long as the points and edges of the teeth still feel sharp, you should be ok. As with any tool, the brand new sharpness will slightly go away. As long as the kerf is still correct and the teeth feel sharp to the touch it should just be normal wear. Keep in mind there is always the possibility of using a file to sharpen the blade and keep extending the life of the saw without replacement.
It's a fairly sturdy gauge. I went through about a dozen good-sized branches and then all of the trimming cuts to get them down to manageable, trailer-sized pieces, probably 40 in total, without any bending. You would have to really misuse the tool to damage it, I would think. It's good quality - Snap-On tools either owns the company or actually makes the product. It is worth the money in my opinion.
Though I haven't used it to process deer, friends of mine say it works great for everything, from cutting through bones and joints, to tendons, ligaments and such.
No. it folds and has a tastle you can use to clip on to things if you wish
Yes
I couldn't find info you need. Check singer online or call them. Sorry
Did you try the website? Last year I downloaded it from their website. Good luck
I have not been able to get threader to work either, sorry I can't help.
Look on the Singer website tutorial. I had to order a disk as mine didn't come with one in the pkg. I haven't received it yet, so unfortunately I can't help you.
Yes it will but if it is a 64 bit you will have to purchase an upgrade program. For the 32 bit system you have to download upgrades. Singer is very good about giving you the steps for the download.
The seat is 14" high.
My 210lb husband sits on it frequently with no problems.
Yes, they work perfectly together.
Roughly 27 x 13 x 13.
It is perfect for the 2 year old but the 4 year old will outgrow it quickly. I bought it for a 6 year old and she couldn't sit in it because it was way too small. I gave it away to someone with a 2 year old so I don't have it anymore.
Not sure but I can tell you it is solid wood. I think it is very good quality
good evening sorry we dont have them thanks for asking Avi.
I don't know if that's an option. I ordered white and that is what I received.
It is a primary color blue, not navy blue.
No i don't believe so.
Vegetarian, yes. It doesn't say non-GMO.
There is no expiration date printed on the package. However, if you store it in a cool, dry, dark area, it will stay fresher longer. Your best bet is to seal it in an airtight container. Moisture will cause it to warp. I have had my package for a couple months now (I store it sealed in a large ziplock bag), and haven't noticed a change in flavor, although it seems the more handling I do, the more likely the edges are to crumble.
It's perfect for fondant cakes. I used a little bit of piping gel and it worked great. If you use water, just lightly dampen it because the paper will melt. Also, water will make the paper curl.
I have successfully done this, you have to make sure and not use a lot of ink, I lightly blot the stamp on a paper towel to remove excess ink. I also have used it by mixing powdered color with a little vodka which dissipates quickly. The scope for uses of this paper is only left up to the imagination. You can do what I do, I keep extra and all my scraps for trying new ideas. Have fun! NOTE: Stamp directly, firmly and quickly lift off stamp.
it will get sticky and disintegrate over time, cutoffs can actually be used as a thickener for sauces or soups, but the paper is not suitable as a wet wrap like regular rice paper for spring rolls
Yes
It's slightly see through but not completely so if you're going to trace something I think you could see it.
It's about as thick as a regular piece of copy paper, maybe slightly thinner.
The paper is made from starch and it's consumption should be limited in any way you would limit starch in your infants diet. Starches are polysacharides and are broken down into sugars which might be problematic if your child were diabetic, depending on the quantity eaten. If you intend on writing on the "paper" consideration should be given to possible toxicity of the inks you might be using. The paper dissolves quickly on the tongue in small quantities. Larger quantities might form a gluey mass and pose a choking hazard (as would regular paper).
My order received was 8 1/2 by 11. It is NOT 8x11. Please update the listing!!!
A bit over an ounce.....goes a long way when you fill.....
Hey William, yes it is. I usually to my inlay with 1/16" - 1/8" really just all depends on how deep you are cutting in to the material. I usually use a car bid parting tool to make it a perfect square cut into the wood. Also use a car bid chizel when finishing.
I sprinkle the crushed stone into a gouged area of the wood. Add a few drops of superglue. Once it hardens then sand smooth.
I don't know how sterile this product would be. I would ask a fish specialist. I use it for inlays into custom furniture. I pay $50/4 ounces. My guess is, too expensive for a fish tank.
Sold in one ounce bags, about 2"x2"x1/4"
I believe it was 1 oz
About 2" by 1" plastic baggy
I used a 15 sec. glue called Cyanoacrylate [Cyano Superglue]. It works great over the turquoise.
It seems to be synthetic.
I don't know the exact quantity but it comes in a small little packet. It was worth it tho, I thought
Got this for hubby for Xmas. This is what's in the box: 10 amp. burning system (ss-d10), One cord (standard, works with burner), and heavy duty headpiece with permanently mounted large skew tip. The electronic control is excellent, additional headpiece and tips not expensive. Hope this helps!
Yes it did
Treelineusa can special order a 220V unit for you but we don't sell it through Amazon.
heavy duty cord is what I ordered
Yes
I did not know there was two version, i do know you can get different burn pens either regular or heavy duty. That's all i can tell you...
the higher you turn the dial the hotter it gets
A skew tip pen. It basically is a knife. Buy the pen where you can replace the tip through razertip and the tips you need. They have more tips on their site than Amazon. Make sure to do it all at once I remember the shipping adds about $10.You'll definitely need to buy more pens and maybe another cord since it comes with only one. I actually regret not saving money by going with the single burner. The dual burner only is different by flipping a switch rather than unplugging and plugging in other pens.
It comes with one standard skew pen which is great for outlines and feathers, I would recommend finding a shading pen as well, you can find many different pens as well as an interchangeable pen by razertip, It is compatible with many other brand pens as well as long as you have the correct cords.
The pen is the Large heavy duty skewer... I really like it and I am going to be ordering the small cutting skewer. Hope this helps ... Michele
i found that I needed to buy an interchangeable pen. comes with some wire to make your own tips. I found one for about $25 online at Packard Woodworks
This is an excellent wood burner and I feel it has better control of the temperatures in the lower ranges than the Optima.
it comes with one tip. for him i would recommend skew tip,a medium or small spoon shader and various size ball tips. You can get the interchangeable tip and get several sizes of ball tips for it. the shader i would recommend buying the pen not a interchangeable tip and the same with the skew.
The Create-a-Tip puts down a fairly heavy line. The Large Skew that comes with the burner does fine straight lines and for fine curved lines I would recommend the Medium Round tip.
Hi Darlene: The directions are on the back of the package. If you are right handed, hold the sharpener in your left hand with your thumb in the front and your index finger in the back. You will see that there are two circular indentations on each side. Hold the sharpener with the open notch pointing upward. Hold your scissors in your right hand, slip the lower blade into the lower slot, and rest the upper blade in the open notch. Now squeeze the handles together as if you would to cut something and pull toward your scissors towards you at the same time. Insert, squeeze and pull. Repeat that several times. I am left handed and can sharpen my left-handed scissors holding the sharpener in my right hand and the scissors in my left hand and this works for right or left handed scissors. The only time it could get complicated is if you have an older pair of left handed scissors with right-handed blades. In this case you would have to hold the scissors in your right hand and the sharpener in the left hand. And yes, I still have my first pair of left handed Fiskars dressmaking shears from the early 60's, that have right handed blades! After using this sharpener on my oldest pair of Fiskars, it is sharper than my three newer Fiskar dressmaking shears. Okay, so let's say you don't like the squeezing action. There is another way to sharpen the blades. Holding the scissors, open the blades and slip one blade into the lower slot and slide the sharpener back and forward along the blade several times. Flip the scissors over and repeat with the other blade. In this case you are not moving the scissors, but simply the sharpener, sliding it to and fro. You will see that the scissor blades are cut at an angle and the ceramic pin is inserted at an angle. So align the angle of your blade with the angle of the ceramic pin. I hope this helps. E-me back and let me know how you do. - Angela
Fiskars has a web site send them a email asking that question..
Do you mean the type with the tiny, curved blade? I really don't think this is the tool for that job.
You should insert the scissors' blades and sofltly slide them as if you were to cut the white stick in the middle. Do it a few times, try the sharpness you get and continue as needed.
I don' t know. It works with all my different scissors but I don't own a Fiskars.
I would say ... Don't waste your money! I know professional sharpeners are expensive and there's no guarantee with them either. Sometimes we just have to grit our teeth an buy new scissors. Annie
The following is from Brother: "compatibility: brother - se-270d, xl-2230, ps-1000, ps-1250, ls-2125i, xl-2610, xl-2600, xl-5500, xl-5600, xl-5700, xl-6452, xl-3510, xl-3500t, xr-65t, xl-6562, cs-80, cs-8060, cs-8150, es-2000, cs-6000t, xl-5130, xl-5340, xr-33, xr-40, 1034d, 929d, 934d, cs-100t, cs-6000, cs-8072, es-2000t, innov-s 500d, ls-1717, ls-2220, m-7029, pe-270d, pe-300s, pe-400d, pl-1000, pl-1050, pl-1500, pl-1600, ps-1200, ps-1800, ps-1900, ps-1950, ps-2100, ps-2200, ps-2250, ps-2300, ps-2500, vx-1010, vx-1100, vx-1120, vx-1140, vx-1250, vx-1400, vx-2020, vx-2051, vx-520, vx-540, vx-560, vx-660, vx-707, vx-710, vx-757, vx-760, vx-780, vx-790, vx-807, vx-808, vx-809, vx-810, vx-847, vx-857, vx-870, vx-880, vx-890, vx-950, vx-970, vx-980, xl-2010, xl-2015, xl-2021, xl-2022, xl-2025, xl-2027, xl-2030, xl-2121, xl-3000, xl-3010, xl-3022, xl-3025, xl-3027, xl-3030, xl-3050, xl-3100, xl-3200, xl-3500, xl-5001, xl-5232, xl-700, xl-702, xl-703, xl-711, xl-731, xl-795, xr-16, xr-21, xr-23, xr-27, xr-29, xr-30, xr-31, xr-35, xr-37, xr-46c, xr-52, cs-6000i, vx-1435, pacesetter ps21, innov-s 900d, se-350, vx1200, lb6770 prw, innov-s 950d, cp-7500, cp-6500, se-270d, xl-2230, ls-2125i, es-2000, pe-400d, vx-950, vx-1435, innov-s 900d, se-350, innov-s 950d, cp-6500"
Yes. I have an XR1355 and it fits fine. Side to side it's quite large so there's a lot of extra space inside. The extension tray even fits, along with the footpedal and cord. But you may still want to add some pieces of foam or fabric so the machine doesn't slide around. The reason this case works better than a Singer case, or another generic case, is that the XR1355 is quite tall at 13.5". The inside of this case is 13.75" so it accommodates the XR1355's height.
Must have changed..it is priced today at $19.99
Fits great
http://www.brother-usa.com/Homesewing/Accessories/AccessoryDetail.aspx?R3AccessoryID=5300#.VGaXdNq9KSM. Go to brother usa.com and check on the sewing machine accessories .it shows all the model numbers that fits in the case your machine model number does not show in this list .call brother usa and check with them .call them at 1877-276-8437 EST morning 9 to 6 to make sure before buying the case.
Yes. I have an XR1355 and it fits fine. Side to side it's quite large so there's a lot of extra space inside. The extension tray even fits, along with the footpedal and cord. But you may still want to add some pieces of foam or fabric so the machine doesn't slide around. The reason this case works better than a Singer case, or another generic case, is that the XR1355 is quite tall at 13.5". The inside of this case is 13.75" so it accommodates the XR1355's height.
yes it does.
Yes, my machine fits perfectly.
You have to remove the arm and put it in beside the machine. I have the same machine and that is what I purchased this for, works for me.
It's a pretty generic case. I never would have bought it had I known that my machine CS6000i comes with a cover. The case is pretty roomy when I put my machine in there. Check the dimensions of the case before ordering.
Yes
Yes, it will need to be assembled. Screwdriver is needed. Very easy, just follow directions. Took 20-30 minutes maybe.
Yes
Take a look at the video - and judge for yourself. I think it is fairly good quality
My 3 yr old niece has room to spare. She loves "make-up" table.
She will be able to see herself. Although my granddaughter is 6 she is very tiny for her age and can fully see herself and she just loves it. The photo of the product does no justice, in person it is beautiful!
I don't have the table to measure. I am so sorry! It is in storage until Christmas .
Length 42"Height 6"HWidth 16 ?"Age 3-8Material MDFStyle/Theme Traditional--
It is not a pillowcase it is just fabric which you could make into a pillowcase easily. The fabric is square but the design is a heart.
Yes and easy to follow! Would totally recommend it.
The finished size is 10" x 12".
I had the same issue. The needles broke over & over and are not the easiest to change out. I ended up selling mine. Was very disappointed.
It was suppose to be easy to thread, color coded so to speak. My problem, it kept breaking needles constantly and it is very difficult to replace the needles. I ended up selling on Craigs list...Not pleased with overall perfomance.
120 volts, 60hz, 110 watts
No it is petty limited with letter size but there are ways to stitch out larger letters using a satin stitch a quilting marker and reducing your speed it just takes practice.
I have no idea. The machine has a flat base for setting on a table.
order a replacement for it.
The clear plastic bobbins (don't use metal) any brand: singer, Dritz, etc. Stuff you see at walmart, Joann's, Michaels, etc. I can't be more specific because I bought lots of them and threw out the packages several years ago. Also, consider getting a bobbin tray - clear plastic and holds about 20 bobbins. This way you wind bobbins for all the thread spools that you commonly use.
Not exactly. It depends on the thickness of the clay. The item can be 1" long or 1' long and still require the same baking time if the clay is the same thickness. Refer to the package instructions for how many minutes per thickness and at what temp is required for it to cure without burning.
Yes you can. But I think if you add too much it will make the clay to dry and it will make it crumble.
I didn't use it for that style, but I googled it and see many people have used Fimo clay to make that style of bead. Hope this helps.
no idea, love .. I googled it and there are different sizes.. go look http://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=fimo+clay+blocks&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
I, too, lost my key. Went to a restuarant supply house and got one. Not hard to find...
Yes, just a couple of mollies & screws is all you need.
It comes with one key taped to the dispenser.
I got these from Amazon and they work great: Georgia-Pacific Signature 21000 White 2-Ply Premium Multifold Paper Towel, 9.4" Length x 9.2" Width (Case of 16 Packs, 125 per Pack)
Just measured mine- te letters themselves (the actual rubber part) are 1/2 an inch long. Hope that helps!
Very small.
approx half an inch tall
You have to pressit down and then twist. It's very very hard to use, and if it isn't held down the whoe ie it will rip your paper or skip.
Based on my experience, I would say no. It struggled being able to cut properly through a piece of paper about double the thickness of typical computer paper. I doubt it can handle even the thinnest of fabrics.
It will, but after a few tries. When using it, you need to try and stabilize the punch. I am not very happy with it and barely use it.
Technically, you can make 30mm circles. That was the primary reason I bought it as I needed to make many for markers for a project. However, if you have a design you are trying to cut out, it is very difficult to center the device over the image so you cut it out. As noted in other reviews, you really need the products stencils (sold separately) in order to ensure you don't cut through your design.
We apologize; our Amazon orders only ship within the United States.
I googled them. They did not help. It debt work well.
No. The blade doesn't sit in tight. Mine also came with the seal on the packaging open and didn't have all of the spare blades it said it was coming with.
yes, the hole punch is adjustable to various sizes
Actually, all three punches move into pre-set positions, but if you don't need to set them at the center of the punch, you can get them as close to each other as 1.5 inches. There are 11 pre-set positions total, all in an 8.5 inch range.
Half a cm
As far as I know. It's the wife's and I think she's used it that way.
Nope, the paper will not fit, I just place the standard US paper (8.5x11) and there isn't enough space left to fit the extra .69 inch of the A4 paper (8.27x11.69). To be precise, the gap is 2/16 (.125) inch too small for the additional .69 inch of the A4 paper
Yes you can adjust the holes
No
Mine says 'Made in China' on the bottom
yes
Yes
I very much doubt it. I think you'd need acrylics for that, but it would be worth googling. In any case, you'd need to prep the surface by at least removing all dirt and oils and maybe giving a final wipe with rubbing alcohol. But that's just me and I'm an experimenter at heart :-)
I'm sorry, but I don't know enough about these to answer your question. I know they are colorfast when ironed after drying. I usually add water to them to paint them on fabric that I am going to do needlework on top of. They mix well with water and each other. They will bleed if there is too much volume for the fabric. Nothing comes off once they are dry. Hope that helps.
I have used it on silk, cotton, canvas, rayon, polyester, and nylon. (It even works on lycra or spandex but the stretch distorts and cracks the design.) There were no problems with the painting. Be sure to place a paper towel or something behind the fabric to catch the bleed-through. The only issue is when you use the iron to heat set the color. You will need to be careful about the heat for rayon and nylon (or lycra/spandex). While you want to use the highest setting, you do not want to melt the fabric. I set my iron 2 notches below the highest iron setting. You will want to test a corner to ensure the iron doesn't melt the fabric. But don't skip the step entirely. For hard-to-iron items, I took my hair dryer and, setting it at its highest heat, I held the blower at approximately 1/2 inch away from surface, close to it, and ran the dryer for about 1 minute over each 3 square inches of painted surface. I wouldn't rely on this to go through a washing machine but it will hold up through careful hand-washing.
YES: you can, get your color chart out and look up backgrounds and they will show you how to make other colors on what your looking for, the paint your showing me now I use on wood,canvas. resin painting it's very cool.
Absolutely!
No. These are not writer containers. You need to use a brush or other implement to paint with them.
No
my wife tried it only on fabric
For a face cast. I personally use the plaster gauze cut into 1 to 2 inch strips. It is much easier and faster to work with. I use petroleum jelly to keep the gauze from sticking to skin or hair and a perfect cast can be made within a few minutes
No it doesn't need to be fired and it should be ok for metal as I used (the real stuff) it for thermal forming. This is the same product as USG Hydro Stone. 50lbs of Hydrostone is only $26. plus shipping. Do the math before you buy.
It probably can but it is a little porous. Its slightly fragile but will work in a pinch. When you pulled apart the mold it might shatter or break into smaller pieces. If you have a choice I would pick something more durable. this is better used for something like pouring into a cast and set in shapes for children to paint or artistic projects. I used it for a mosaic table top and had issues with corners flaking and it easily chipped. hope this helps!!
I let it set for thirty minutes before removing the molding material.
absolutely and the best dye to use believe it or not is Wiltons cake decorating Gel. I dont know why but I got some phenomenal colors from using this one night..(It was the only dye I had on hand)
I've noticed it to be a bit heavier then Plaster of Paris of an equal volume, but not by much. It's [weight diffrence between Plaster and this product] only noticeable in large parts (say the size of your hand).
There is a general MSDS PDF online. Search "MSDS for Perfect Cast material". I could not find it specific to this product. I do not remember if mine came with one. There is also a PDF online for mixing instruction specifically for this product online. Search "Mixing instruction for Cast & Paint Perfect Cast". Hope this helps. Good luck!
Nope. Plaster is a hard material, and encasing someone's hands in it is already a bad idea. But its made worse by the fact that plaster hearts up as it sets, this doesn't get very hot. But it could get uncomfortable. Stick with alginate for casting hands, its quicker and non toxic! Seriously you could probably eat it and be fine. It also sets up quicker. The place where this comes In handy (unintentional pun right there) is making the positive of the hands from the negative alginate. I really hope this helps, and saves you hands!
Honestly I haven't used it as of yet but when I can I'll make a mold with it then I'll get back to you with the details
off white
The SVR-2 has a locking feature that prevents the blade from sliding in or out. This is a safety feature that is not present in the svr-1 model.
I haven't tried the 30 degree blades in this handle but they should fit. You may have trouble snapping off the end of the blade though, it is designed for the angle of the included blade. Amazon does sell a 30 degree Olfa handle - http://www.amazon.com/9150US-SAC-1-Stainless-Auto-Lock-Graphics/dp/B000BKA6IA/
I bought these blades and they work great with this knife handle - http://www.amazon.com/9149-ABB-50B-UltraSharp-Snap-Off-50-Pack/dp/B0006SJAQ6 These blades will also work- http://www.amazon.com/9148US-ABB-10B-Ultra-Snap-off-10-Pack/dp/B0006SJAPW http://www.amazon.com/5010-AB-10B-Snap-Off-Silver-10-Pack/dp/B0006O87LE
Yes
Yes. The lock is the dark slider at the right end of the knife in the illustration. It is spring loaded, and unlocks only when the slider is pushed forward or backward. As long as no pressure is applied in either direction, the blade is immobilized, and cannot move.
This is not a pencil sharpener. If you 'rd looking for a rough work tool I suggest a simple blade.
Yes, there is. It's metal and part of the "snapper" for the blade segments. I like this snap knife (I just picked it up and admired it.), but it does have one weak point. The snapper, though certainly effective, does not hold the snapped segment at all. It can either go flying or slide into your hand. It's probably best to either use the Ofla blade dispensers with the built-in snappers or just use pliers.
No, it comes with only one blade. I ordered extra blades when I ordered the olfa, knowing I would need them.
Around 6 inches
No way. Maybe that is a typo. It is more like 6 oz.
No it doesn't it's very smooth
3.25" in diameter. 1.5" tall when stacked together. Individual pans are 7/8" in diameter.
To be on the safe side I will say they are transparent. I have used them both ways, but I often play around with my supplies to see how flexible they are. It also depends what kind of surface you are applying them onto. I have enjoyed these and would buy them again...great quality. I hope that helps.
They are watercolors and therefore water soluble. But usually for an adult the colors go onto paper.and remove with a water brush scrubber adequate for repaint to a different color or leaving blank white I can't say whether or not they will stain clothing. The paints are nice and bright for the money. Good luck.
I have only used it with quilting cotton fabrics. I think it will work well on any weight cotton but silky fabrics may be a problem.
It will cut through 4 at least. Haven't tried any more than that. And I usually just cut thru 2 with this pinking blade, after the seam is sewn.
Hi. There is just one blade in the pack.
Yes, I have cut thru felted material for a project and the OLFA cutter works great!
It probably would but it would dull the blade down quickly. You would be better off getting a cricket. They are made to use with cardstock and chipboard.
I can't say for sure as I've never owned a 60mm rotary cutter, but I wouldn't think so. It does fit many other brands of 45mm cutters, but since a 60mm cutter is meant to take a larger blade, the blade most likely won't extend far enough past the plastic to cut. I did look at your exact cutter on the Olfa site and the design doesn't look like it would work with a smaller blade. If you're having trouble finding a 60mm pinking blade, one option would be to pick up the cheapest 45mm rotary cutter that Walmart sells (around $10-13 if I remember correctly, it'll be Fiskars brand) to use with this blade. I can vouch for this blade being compatible with that cutter - I had never used a rotary cutter before; I was curious, but wasn't about to spend a lot of money when I didn't know anything about them so I got the cheapest cutter. Suffice it to say, I fell in love with it immediately and have used it tons! One of my favorite blades is the wave blade - I buy the Olfa brand blades for my Fiskars cutter and they fit perfectly.
The RTY-2G looks like a newer version of the one I own. Yes, it should work with no problems.
They have a point, but not a really sharp point. They do not appear to me to be scalloped.
The handle these blades do NOT fit, came out years after these pinking blades became available. The question should be, why would Olfa produce a new handle that only uses certain blades and not all the blades like the older handles do???
It didn't work in my Fiskar. The instructions inside the package said only Olfa cutters can be used. The problem was the way the Fiskar cutter affixes the wavy blade. I hope my experience helps you.
Absolutely. Similar, but cheaper, pottery tool sets have plastic pieces, which I really wouldn't recommend. No plastic tools in this set.
Yes it does come with a metal rib.
No, it does not come with the clay. I bought this tool set for my 7 yr old granddaughter to go with a beginners potting wheel and I bought the 5 lb bucket of clay separately. She uses some pieces more than others, but really seems to enjoy using all the tools to achieve different effects. They appear to be beginners tools, but how complicated of a tool do you need to shape & score clay? And she is just 7! As long as she enjoys it, I consider it money well spent!
Sure, if she's taking a pottery class
no
try an iceceam scooper ;D
Yes it is flexible but it is also rigid and stays in place. We use this at work and make a couple hundred cuts on ours 5 days a week. This last us years.
This is the first time I bought something like this. I'm not even sure what "healing" means because I can see many, many cuts in the mat. It still works very nicely and I have no idea about wavy lines. I have only used it to make straight lines.
I bought the mat to be used with an X-acto knife as a gift, there have been no complaints
Not exactly. The reverse is textured. I think they mean more like a non skid bottom. If your used a strong glue I don't think it would come right off. We have a sterilite (sp?) table at work that most glueing happens on. That does clean up easily.
I don't know. I received the size that I ordered. It was for my son and he loves it (especially the lower cost from site he had been buying it).
Sorry....no experience with that.
The mat has a bit of natural weight to it and unless you are working on a slippery surface the rubber bottom grabs well.
Yes for me it is perfect, although I am only 5'1" tall. I cannot stand up for very long, due to my disability, but if I had no disability, it would be prefect for me to stand for a long period of time to cut. I hope that helped. Have a great day!
It is 34 3/4" tall
Don't know the weight. Maybe 30 lbs??? I'm not too good at guessing. Easy enough to move around, though, on a hard floor or even carpet. I just looked at the previous answer to your question and I disagree. The table is very sturdy and when put together properly, you'll have no problem with it. I use it for cutting fabric (which its made for) wrapping presents, sorting things when I'm cleaning closets or drawers, etc., etc. This is the second table I've had like this and this one is better made than the first.
Yes it is foldable.
The stem size is 3/8. they are very sturdy.
3' X 5' table top when totally open for work space Height - 34"
Approximately 1/2 of an inch thick. This table is not flimsy at all and I frequently take down a leaf and then pull it back up when I need it!
It came pre-assembled, for the most part. My husband says he thought there was SOME assembly. Sad fact is, it's wobbly after a while. This is not a good thing. Initially, I thought it was a great table. I wouldn't buy another one at this point.
You could try contacting the seller, but it's probably easier going to Home Depot or Lowes. I ended up shoring up the frame with L brackets and that helped.
NO. The problem is that the table is shaky. Moving things on it causes it to sway. An older version of the table was ok but the new tables are not the same. I would not recommend this table for any types of crafts.
No. This is not a pottery wheel. It's a sculpting wheel. It's best used for hand-built items.
It depends what you mean by molding it. It is basically used as a stand that you can turn so that you can move around your piece as you sculpt it. It is not a motorized pottery wheel.
Aluminum, I believe.
It is 7". The height is about the same, 7". It is good to use as a turn table while working on a project.
It is not powered. you spin it by hand.
Yes, this is not a pottery wheel. It is for hand built things. It enables you to turn your piece without having to actually pick it up and turn it.
I have used them for cutting three layers of denim. They would certainly cut through two layers of felt. I do not think they would easily cut through more.
They are very stiff when you first get them. Just keep wiggling them open and then when they do open, just open and close them a few times to loosen them up. If they are really too stiff to open, then wedge something between the handles and twist a little bit to get it started. If still no luck, then find a coin, or a large flat head screwdriver and loosen the flat screw in the center a few millimeters.
These don't work well with paper or thin products. They are great for fabric and anything thicker than card stock paper.
I cannot say that these are better or worse than Gingher pinking shears. I like them because they open and close easily and are sharp and do the job. I have small hands and these work well for me. The price was also right for me.
I don't know why you'd want to use these to cut scotch tape, but I would not use my own on an adhesive. I would imagine the residue builds up quickly and affects the action, and I don't ever want to have to scrub sharp, jagged edges.
Being right handed myself, I can not really say for sure, however, they are remarkably light weight for pinking sheers. (And they actually work well.) I would guess if you are used to other right handed scissors, you'll be fine.
i guess....but this has the zig zag on it.
It does not fit this specific TK9400 with ASIN number B0007OECDA. This specific TK9400 with ASIN number B0007OECDA is 2mm. You may search for Faber Castell TK 9400 Clutch Pencil 3.15mm 4B with ASIN number B000WGVH2M. This is 3.15mm.
Metal ! And it is a really hood buy. I use it
Drops
It has one HB lead.
It comes in green only
The Faber-Castell TK 9400 Clutch does not have an on-board sharpener. I say buy it anyway. The weight and balance are excellent, there's no dorky pocket clip, and for general sharpening (including a 2 mm lead) you want a free-standing KUM Automatic Long Point sharpener anyway.
This one doesn't. The end doesn't come off at all.
There was no clip, nor any sign of an attachment
The case doesn't create a seal and therefore the pads dry out very quickly. Also the composition of the inks might have something to do with it. Poor Product
2" X 2"
With the older ink formulas, a bit of alcohol rubbed on the pad and letting it sit awhile helped some. With the newer, washable inks - not sure. Myself, if a bit of alcohol or water didn't liven the ink up some, I would look into buying a bottle of the roll-on inkers if they still manufacture them. They look like one of those roll-on deodorant bottles but have ink pad ink in them. If none of the above are helpful, toss it and buy another one.
No. Mine didn't work very well. It hardly showed up on the paper.
The overlock vertical, overcast (conceals the edges) and sew the seam at the same time. The side cutter does the same, but it also cut the excess fabric as it sews. Checkout the reviews on the Overlock Vertical and the Side Cutter Foot. Happy sewing!!
I don't see that model under "Product Descriptions". I has an XL 2230, etc. However, I have purchased products that did not have my model number listed and they still worked. You can give it a try and if it doesn't work, then return it. Here's the model listed: Product Description Use overcast stitches and see difference foot makes in appearance. Fits the following machines: PE770, LS2125i, XL2230, XL2600i, XL2610, XL3510, XL3750, ES2000, CP6500, CP7500, 1034D, PC210PRW, PC420PRW, SE400, LB6800PRW
I'm sorry I have no idea whether that will fit or not. My suggestion would be to find out if your machine is high shank or low shank, then determine if the foot is high or low shank. Match low to low and high to high and you should be fine. That seems to be the deciding factor. Good luck.
I don't know if the PS3700 is a Brother's machine if so Brother's list those machines it fits and if it is not a Brothers you can certainly contact them a they will surly tell you.
I don't know about the compatibility, but I didn't find it a good deal altogether.
You can use either with your machine, it is the width of the overlock stitch, roughly 3/16" for the 5mm and almost 3/8" for the 7mm.
I have this presser foot and the CS-6000i. They work perfectly together.
Yes, usually these feet are universal.
This is compatible with a Brother and I am pretty sure it is with a Singer also, but can not give a definite on it, but for the price it is sure worth it to get it. It is great.
If your machine uses snap on feet it will in all likelihood fit.
I do not have a ruffle. I use my bernina for quilting and the 20n I use for zig zag stitches.
It fits.
It fits the 550. I fits 530 New Style but not the Old Style.
It should fit.
It will fit Bernina 135 but I'm not sure about 170qe, I would guess that it would
It fits.
I can't say. It fits my 440 perfectly, and i'm very happy with it.
It fits. Thanks,
New style
I'm pretty sure a zigzag stitch with this foot would result in frustration and broken needles very quickly.
Try putting your needle position on zero one. That should solve the problem.
I'm so sorry I can't help with this question. I bought this machine to try and teach myself how to sew. so I really don't know anything about sewing or different machines at all. I know I'm in the minority so you should get some answers from qualified people. Good luck.
I am able to use this 1/4 in. foot on my basic Janome Sewing machine, Babylock Ellageo, Babylock Ellure Plus and Brother 4000D. The foot doesn't come with a shaft attached so it just clips on the one that is already on these machines. Hope this helps.
Hi, I read that it is not a good idea and I haven't tried it.
I think it depends on the seller you choosee. I bought from Amazon and mine was a Brother part in the appropriate packaging.
Don't know what ULT is. Fits all Brother sewing machines.
Yes
serves as a guide for parallel seams
I assume that it is; it works like a charm and is just what I needed.
If you have a computerized machine, the needle settings are on the screen. You can go into your needle settings and move the need by .5mm to the left or right until it is in the right position. If you do not have a computerized machine, you would have to refer to your machine's manual under "needle position." In most newer machines, the needle position can be moved in order to accommodate seam allowance changes. Hope this helps!
Yes, I also have the Brother CS-6000i and this foot fits perfectly. I have used it many times.
On this one I think you should use your 01 setting and then move needle towards the coil to get close but not too close that will catch it. You just need to buy zippers and play around with it until u get the desired look. Hope this helps as a have the SE400.
You can go to the Brother website and do a search to make sure.
Yes
No
You really need a regular zipper foot also. There are two different kinds of those. Hard to describe..but I have both..meaning I own 3 types... so my answer has to be no.
This one is SA128. Hope this helps.
I'm sorry I don't know.
Small or standard nylon zipper should work, This foot has grooves in the bottom so the needle gets very close to the zipper teeth. If you have a coat zipper with large teeth, it won't fit in the grooves.
If she really ask her question, she have to be more specific, I mean in really English!!! I'm german, and I learn how to ask all my questions (more specific)...which Singer 9960? did she meant Singer 9960 quantum stylist!!! Yes, it will fit...it's a good sewing machine too!
If it is a low shank machine it will fit.
I purchased this foot for my Singer model 7466 and it did fit. Don't know about any other models. Hope this helps. Good luck!!
If yours has a low shank it should fit. Mine fits my Singer Athena 9000 and my Brother machine. Both have low shank presser foot.
It should, it is made for Singer and their machines are basically all low shank. I've even found many of my Brother feet work fine with my Singer machine and vice versa. I think many other things change on various models, but not the basic structure of the feet.
It should fit. I have a Singer model 4423 with a short shank and it fits perfectly.
I have no idea if it will work, but I don't see why it shouldn't. I do not use that foot for darning, I use zigzag stitch and drop my feed dogs. I have also started to use the zigzag stitch for embroidery.
Yes, I use mine for free motion quilting and it works great.
Yes, it will fit the 4423. I have the 4423 model machine and I ordered this foot especially for use with it. It works perfectly. Absolutely a breeze to install and use.
I have the Singer confidence 7467 sewing machine and it fits.
I have been working with this machine for about a week, and really like it for what it can do. However, it does have a bit of a difficulty getting over thick portions of the fabric.....where two seams intersect, etc. For this reason, I would assume that it might have a difficult time with thicker fabrics. I've learned that when I must sew over the intersection of seams, I must go very slowly. Then, it's pretty good.
I've researched this unit for my wife & found these Brother machines a similar series: Sixty-stitch BC 1000/CP 6500/CS 6000I/CS 6000T/EX 660 Seventy-stitch HS 2500/CP 7500/XR 7700 Seventy-seven-stitch ES 2000 Eighty-stitch XR 9000 It seems cosmetics, number of stitches, and low price variations are the only differences
Because Amazon allows several different vendors to sell products through their marketplace. The search result reflects the lowest price among those vendors, and that won't always be Amazon. If that's the case, you'll see that low price over on the right hand side of the page. I am usually inclined to spend a few bucks more and get something from Amazon though.
Brother's website lists: Buttonhole foot, Zipper foot, Zig Zag foot, Overcasting foot, Blindstitch foot, Monogramming foot, Button Fitting foot, Accessory pouch with needle pack, twin needle, cleaning brush, screwdriver, seam ripper, spool pin, bobbins (3), power cord and operation manual. Mine did include these.
No. This machine is a "disposable" if you will. It will run its course and be done. If you oil it, you will likely ruin it. If you are wondering, you can always check out Jenome's website and ask questions there. I am thoroughly enjoying this machine. It is one of the best I've ever owned.
I don't know what kind of power you have in India. This machine is 110, not 220 as far as I know. You should get in touch with the manufacturer and ask your question.
I gave the machine as a gift to my 11 year old great niece so I can not look for accessories. We did make buttonholes with it and it was very easy! Sorry I am not more help.
Sizes of the wrapping? You can do up to 5x7" pieces in the hoop.
The throat measures 5 inches.
The ES2000 computerized sewing machine includes 77 stitch functions, one-step bobbin replacement with quick set drop-in bobbin, automatic needle threading and a built-in thread cutter. A LED display with computerized stitch selection will make creating delicate family treasures a breeze using the built-in heirloom stitches. This unit also features variable needle positions, electronic foot control and drop feed for free motion quilting. Main Features Computerized 77 stitch functions 77 stitch functions, including utility, decorative, heirloom and quilting Free arm/flatbed convertible sewing surface One-step bobbin replacement with quick set drop-in bobbin One-step buttonhole Free-arm Built-in needle threader Automatic needle threading and built-in thread cutter Lightweight with built-in handle for portability
[Not sure what you mean by "solidify". Wipe the emulsion into the screen, then let it dry completely in a dark place, then expose it.] I use a generic 500w worklight, like from Lowes or Home Depot, 18 to 24 inches above the screen, about 9 minutes. No safety grill, which would cause shadows. You MUST experiment first... create a design with some pattern, then expose it in sections ... use a piece of cardboard to incrementally uncover more of the pattern so that one end gets X minutes, the next X+1 minutes, etc., then do the wash-out and see which worked best.
8 weeks at 70F. In the fridge 4 months.
I got about 5 screens before the bottle expired but I still had a lot left. Unfortunately I don't make screens very often and can't answer very accurately.
Yes, I once exposed a screen longer than the recommended time and it was extremely difficult to remove the part that should wash out. Instead of coming out with a forceful spray of water I had to scrub. I believe it's important to stick to the exact time listed for the light source you are using.
No, this is just emulsion, activator. And remover.
I double coat both sides with a scoop coated. I get about 7 or 8 from a bottle. You don't need to coat both sides so you should get a dozen or so. You will also use a lot more if you try to squeegee coat em instead of using a scoop coater
Yes.
Yes the quill pen with the ink works well The ink needs to be stirred or shaken to mix well prior to use. I just tried, black, yellow and red and it is fine. Of course the black is more vivid than the other colors.
Yes
Is paint ......right..... yessssss u could used for pain
60 ml
I don't know with 100% certainty; but once it is dry, it shouldn't bleed - I got some on my skin and it stayed there for weeks.
There is none listed on label, so I assume there is none.
Yes
At least water resistant. Seems waterproof.
Plastic
This foot is a "Low Shank" presser foot. To determine which presser foot you need for your machine - (High Shank or Low Shank): To Measure: When presser foot is down, measure the distance from the bottom of the pressure foot to the screw-hole that holds the foot onto the presser bar. *A high shank machine measures approximately 1 1/4" from the presser foot screw to the bottom of the foot. (Uses High Shank Sewing Feet) *A low shank machine measures approximately 3/4" from the presser foot screw to the bottom of the foot. (Uses Low Shank Sewing Feet) Sometimes you can find adapters, but I would try to find "low" or "high" shank as your machine needs. I hope this helps you!!
Sure is! I use elastic bobbin thread in addition and it doesn't pull the ruffle back out!
It sure will. You and I use the same machine! I got one and it works beautifully
It will if you have a low shank machine, meaning if where the screw is on the side of the presser foot bar is low almost at the bottom of the bar then yes it will.
yeh that,s the point of it I believe. I have made gobs of ruffles wih it.
No that is what I needed it for XL1000. Did not work.
Yes and it will sew beautifully. You will need to unscrew the snap on and then screw this one on and it will work like a dream. To gather you will need to place the fabric under the pressure foot and just sew. To gather AND see you will need to place one material under the foot and the piece you are attaching it to between the slot and sew. It will gather as you see. I love mine. The ruffler is cool to have too!
If it has a snap on foot, yes.
Yes, this will fit your Singer 7470. Its the same exact foot that should have been in your pressure feet accessory pack (unless you purchased second hand) And here is the singer company's site that shows this same stock photo for the pressure foot as the amazon one ( http://www.singerco.com/accessories/detail/38/gathering-foot ) - as long as your machine is a low shank (and it is) then this universal foot will work on your machine.
I wondered the same thing about my Brother Sewing Machine, I went on google to find out what sew machines would best fit the Gathering Foot and, there was the answer. It gave so much information about the subject.
Im going to say its probably not. Or at least its not packaged "singer" But its EXACTLY like the singer trust me. And so much cheaper. Mine doesnt even have that plastic part in the center there. Mine is all metal. Works great.
Depends whether you have a low or high shank machine. Should be able to find that info in your user manual. (As stated, this will fit most low shank machines) You simply remove the snap on foot piece and screw this foot on in it's place. One word of warning tho... it's a great foot for fmq, I really loved it. However, I no longer use it as it wore a groove in my needle bar. I don't know if it was just a bad fit with my machine or the foot itself, but something to keep an eye on if you do buy it.
I wish I knew the answer, I would recommend that you call you closest joann store and find one with a viking sewing gallery. They sell singer and may be able to answer your question or get you to the right resource.
yes, I use it for free motion quilting There are excellent videos on You Tube demonstrating how to do free motion quilting using this type of foot.
It is metal, and I love this foot! It doesn't bounce and make a lot of racket like other feet and it is easier to see and guage where you are with this one.
It did NOT fit my singer scholastic model E99670
Yes. That's what I use mine for.
Not sure, but the foot will fit many low shank machines. I'd check your Singer manual to see what feet they list for your specific machine.
No that particular singer doesn't use snap on feet and I do not believe if you had a shank adaptor it would work.
I am not sure but it goes on in a pretty typical way, so if your machine has a pretty typical needle "set up" I think it will be fine. It interchanges easily on my machine (not an embroidery machine).
I've used Beacon Glass on my Motorhome to mount new glass to the steel framing on three windows. This was done over 5 years ago and the windows still open and close using the handle mounted to the steel framing. What caused me to use Beacon Glass to make the repair was a situation where the glass was separating from the steel framing when opening or closing the window. So in answer to your question I confident it will adhere steel to steel very well and maintain adherence is hot and cold temperatures also.
Yes provided you use enough. There is a double stick side Styrofoam tape that might be a better idea. I don't know how heavy your glass is, if it's too heavy it might squeeze the glue out. I don't know how wide of a space you have to glue. I personally would get some type of fabric and put glue on both sides of the fabric, glue the fabric to the table and then the glass to the fabric. That's how I would do it. But once it dries for 48 hours, it will stick.
I've only used it glass to glass, outside full sun in Texas. It has worked great, been almost a year.
Yes, I used it on a glass totem outside. It has been exposed to Texas weather and has held up well.
I have to be totally honest, I have never tried that. But I know it can glue a Very fine gemstone to a flat piece of sterling silver and you don't have to worry about it falling off. Even without prongs. I trust the glue. So my guess for the answer to your question is... yes.
I've purchased both the colored pens and the black pens and have had only one pen leak on me. I have followed other reviewer's instructions on "being gentle" and not pressing too hard or shaking them and the pens have lasted me for almost 6 months using them pretty regularly.
I have used these for scrap poking in the past and have not had a problem with bleeding or smearing. Why not test a small area first. I hope this helps
I have tried writing on several different types of plastics and so far they write on all types, but they do not stay on all types. They will of course wipe off.
Honestly, I think clam ink just means the pens come in a clamshell plastic case. It is what they are shipped in and it opens like a clam...they also have a set of 3 pens that come in a plastic "bubble" type packaging. One that is glued down to the cardboard, you know? But, look at the pens specifically for Zentangle and it says clamshell packaging, not clam ink pens. But, in my true and honest opinion, these are the best pens for drawing, doodling, sketching, whatever...even just writing. They do not bleed through the paper, to the other side or another piece, they do not fade, they do not move off the paper and smear once dry...these are just the best pens. Also, I believe they are archival quality, which means they are acid free, so you could use them in scrapbooking and other things. TRY them! You will not be disappointed...and this is the best price I have found for 6 different sized black ink pens of this quality...Fantastic! I hope this answered your question.
i have in fact seen that they sometimes will smear. the best way to stop smearing is putting a piece of paper under you hand while drawing and letting only the pen touch the drawing
I prefer these Sakura Pigma pens for sketching. They hold their tip and last a long time. I would stay away from felt just because they seem to lose their point sooner. YOu might also look at Faber-Castell. While I don't like these quite as well, I know an instructor who recommends them. Hope this helps.
They do not have an odor, and according to the official website for the pens, (www.sakuraofamerica.com/Pen-Archival), it is not toxic.
I'm not big on this brand of pens, but they do seem to work on some fabrics. For me..I rather spend a few dollars more for a better grade of pen ( Staedtler is my favorite). The tips on Micron pens don't hold up very well.
They hold up great! Before scanning, make sure any erasing you may have done hasn't lightened the lines. Make sure to scan at least 300 DPI. I'm on my 106th page using these, I love them
yep! I actually just used these a couple days ago to draw a company logo on a painted wooden lighthouse. they worked amazingly, didn't smear at all.
The box is 15" long, 9.5" wide, and 3" high. It is very roomy and stores a large quantity
Only the box. Does include the spool holder but no thread our other sewing accessories.
Yes
The box has several compartments that can easily accommodate a pin cushion.
I'm sorry, but I use this for storing all sizes of household batteries, not for sewing items. To me it looks like the back half would hold more than 20 spools of thread and then you still have the front half which would hold way more than just bobbins, if we are talking about the same size bin that I bought.
Sorry for late response, wasn't at the house where the box was located. There is a removable tray that has pegs for storing thread. If you look at the picture of it, you can see an (approx.) three high by dozen wide group of thread, that is the tray. There is a place in the box for the tray and if desired you can remove it for ease of access.
Haven't had the need to try but they seem sturdy enough to do so also there are ones i found at target for the same price but had 3 times the designs FYI
I am guessing they are about6 inches. They are a good length and cut nicely. I am happy with mine.
The Fiskars scissors can be used in various applications. You can use them to cut paper into decorative strips, circles or other shapes.
It would seem to me that they are for a right handed person. I would put that question for a definite answer, to the Fiskars company.
Yes, they can cut cardstock.
Sorry, but these edgers are only for paper. I've tried using these to cut cotton fabric. It mangles the fabric, which is much thinner than felt. And the same definitely goes for scissors only made to cut fabric: they will become dull if you use them to cut paper. There are some Fiskar's brand rotary cutters made to cut fabric with a zig-zaggy edge, which are awesome when cutting felt or fabric. So far, I've not found any of the "wheels"/blades that have the same edging shapes as the paper edgers, except a pinking blade.
They are like small paint brushes, not really like markers at all. the squeeze out paints. the grey one is more of a marker but also not a super fine point. so... no. not unless you want to use them to mix small amounts of paint on a tray for the back of a clear part or for fingers.
It's very good, I've repainted Red frame with a set and they're still going. But be sure to shake them well and most likely you'll need to do more then one coat, let the coats dry 100% be for re-coating. Other wise you'll damage the first coat and waste paint. The metallic paint need more shaking then the others as well, but once it's started it covers just as well as the others.
they dry, top coat is not required
it will do an "OK" job for panel lining, but you would really want to have a panel lining lining marker to do so, like GM01 or GM02 marker. I use the fine tip that came with this for some of the finer engraved parts, like the interior of the shield on the RX-78-2
Yes
I can't read what the box says either. However with my experience working with them I can say they are similar to other paint pens out there. I would say they are water base, the paint dries fairly quickly and does wash off with water. As for if they are non toxic or not I can't say (since I can't read what it says) but to be safe I would avoid eating them. Hope this is some help.
Yes
No black marker included on this pack.
There is no standardized size description for these pens. They are small chisel tip. Each time you run the pen over plastic it will leave a two millimeter wipe streak of paint.
Transparent. I am able to see though it. I got it to make custom Holo YGO Tokens and I can see the foil behind the pics very easly.
I have used it on glass containers. They have withstood high heat, humidity, and are still intact. I think they would be excellent on pottery. But, why on pottery?
Hello, This can only be used on an inkjet printer. Thanks
No, it is not easily removed. If ya don't mind scraping it is alright to use otherwise steer clear of it.
I did not have any problem with that but it would depend possibly in your printer ink as well. My HP ink dried fast.
I do not think it will come off easily without damaging the board. I use this on glass blocks and it sticks pretty good.
Its about the weight of clear contact paper. Like shelf liner.
Matte
I've only used it on glass and it does not leave any residue..it is lifted and removed and then placed again quite easily. I imagine it would do well on painted wood.
It has a texture similar to contact paper so I would guess so but I haven't tried it. Try on a small unnoticable spot?
It sure appears the same! By the way, we all really love this wheel. You can stand, sit, and it cleans easily. I have had people from 9 - 72 years old all use this successfully too.
The pins on the artista wheel are 3/8 inch pins on a 10 inch center, which is standard. Standard bats have the pin holes at this spacing no matter how big or small the diameter of the bat. The problem you run into is the size of the splash pan (the brown plastic, 2 piece, removal pan around the wheel head). A 7.5 or 9 inch square bat fits nicely, but I find it makes me dizzy watching the corners go around. Other people say it doesn't bother them. A 12 inch round bat fits perfectly. BUT, a 14 inch bat may hit the splash pan. I never tried one, but measured just now and it is close enough to be questionable. You can take the splash pan off and then you could use it - but then all the wet glop would fly off onto you and the surrounding area. Any larger than 14 inches would not fit at all because the motor mount that sticks up would be in the way. I recommend the 12 inch bats. Don't get the 10 inch Shrimpo Aspire bats - they WILL NOT fit. Don't panic if the new bats fit very tight. I had to gently sand a couple bat holes to get them to fit. But tight is good. Loose bats make it very hard to throw. You don't want any wiggle.
Hi! The potter's wheel is shipped in a heavy box. It was very well packed with Styrofoam. All I had to do was pull it out of the box! I can guess that the box was about 36 x 36 x 12. A close estimate. Hope this helps!
It does not come with legs. You can purchase them separately. I have never needed them as I put it on a table (it has enough weight and little rubber feet so it doesn't slide around) or I put it on a truck box which has a flat top and I straddle the box and sit on a pillow and throw that way. A friend turns a 5 gallon bucket over and puts the wheel on that and sits on a stool and throws.
Yes. The pedal is purchased separately There are also legs that you can get for it. .
I'm a beginner using air dry clay to practice. The wheel works really well. Eventually we all need a kiln but the air dry clay is good initially if you don't have one. Something to aspire to!
Sorry, this item cannot be exported.
I can't tell you. I looked on the wheel, but that information was not listed. It has a 3 prong plug and plugs into a standard outlet. Here is some information from another site. 1/3 horsepower (large motor enclosure at back of wheel) 120 Volt, regular household electricity. Motor Size Compares with Thomas Stuart Prodigy, Classic, and Legend wheels at a fraction of the cost, and is larger than the Brent IE 1/4 HP. Hope that helps you a little. Not sure what you are trying to figure out. It is a light duty machine. If you are planning on working with a lot of clay for a long time every day - get a bigger more powerful wheel. if you want a wheel you can pick up and take with you for demos - its great. If you throw a bit and need to save space - it works great. My husband figured a 1/3 horsepower motor should be about 248.5 watts - this is dividing a 1 horse power motor's wattage (745.7 watts) into thirds. It is not listed anywhere on the documentation.
It has been a long time since I had the box. I originally was going to keep the box to store/carry it, but realized that was not going to work. The box was large and awkward, while the wheel itself was easy to carry around. The dimensions of the wheel are 25 in x 17 in wide x 9 in high. I kept the box just long enough to make sure everything worked and I didn't have to send it back.
Ceramic clay is all we have used on it. It works great
This should be safe for cosmetic products, but I would definitely suggest contacting jacquard to see about its purity (usp grade is 99.9% pure). As to the difference, urea and allantoin are two different compounds. Urea on it's own is a generic humectant with some emollient properties. It has been used in lotions and balms up to 40% for skin redness and irritation. Allantonin has the same functions as urea, but is more emollient in nature (think lanolin) and is the more common ingredient used in cosmetics due to these properties. To make matters more confusing both allantonin and urea are BOTH referred to urea because of annoying naming conventions. So to sum up, you should be able to use this just fine though I'd contact the company. Urea is a little more therapeutic in use and a generic humectant, while allantonin will give you that softer creamy glide along with softening and humectant properties. Side note: urea is ubiquitous in labs for so many things, but I wanted to focus on your question regarding use in lotions.
We used it as a dye additive for the purpose of keeping the colors bright (which, I believe, the urea does by slowing the dye's ability to dry.) We've only dyed just the one batch of shirts I can say that the colors haven't faded after several washings. In fact I would venture to say the color has held as well--if not better--than commercially dyed shirts. However I cannot directly attribute this to the use of the urea since, like I mentioned, I haven't dyed without it. The amount to use should be on the instructions, but it wasn't much (we measured in teaspoons or tablespoons, if I remember correctly.)
I bought mine to make some urea skin cream. Not sure what GERD is, but a wee bit of urea isn't all that much to worry about. I have never heard of it as a mouth rinse.
That is what I used it for.
It is Potassium Aluminum Sulfate. You can find other chemical info on Jacquards website: http://jacquardproducts.com/assets/jacquard-site/support/msds/chemicals/Alum.pdf
We used this product to make geodes for the science fair and were able to produce amazing crystals. The project won 2nd place at the science fair.
in a powder for is a very good brand name
you use this mixed with water to coat the paper or fabric so that it will absorb the colors you have marbled.
I would not use it as it is not been rated for pharmacuetic or cosmetic purposes. I use it for marbling paper
I'm fairly (not 100%) sure you can't. I had no luck doing crystals, which surprised me. It worked out for me anyway. I was able to make a super saturated solution that I could use in place of the Alum that is sold as 'Barber Alum'. You could probably use a small container to hold a solution and add the scent, but I doubt that's what you are looking for.
You can make about two batches with that amount. We did a project with three kids and each one had about 3-4 egg shells
YES. It is an ingredient in some playdough recipes.
Not to my knowledge.
I poured it on the ground away from any water source. One guy said he poured it on his walkways to get rid of weeds.
The box is roughly 10" x 15". I comes with one full size sponge and 5 sheets of paper. It worked great for me.
carefully...not carefully fitting the lid to the palette caused cracks at the corners. lack of patience and carelessness caused my smaller palette to look a little battered, but it still keeps paint fresh for a few weeks...there is a narrow groove around the lid of this item. carefully line the groove of the lid w the white tray. press in place, working from one corner around to the next. if the lid is crooked or buckled, remove it and try again.
Mine is as listed and is huge. Some sellers may be sending out smaller versions with a different colored top. If you get the red top, it will be true to size.
sorry, i don't have a clue. never heard of water mixable oil paint. i can tell you that this tray is so air tight that paints stay wet for days. there's a sponge sheet inside and waxy paper. most importantly, if properly placed, the lid and pan are pretty air tight. i was careless and cracked my first one, but it still keeps my acrylics moist for days. i'm guessing if you can use water w your paint, this'll work. you can also email the maker of this product for a more definitive answer. glad i tried it. hope this helps.
yes, I paint in acrylics and it works very well. I also found putting glass in the bottom helps.
This palette has no wells for watercolor however it is large enough to place an open wc palette inside it. A better watercolor choice would be a john pike wc palette which is large. Other options for a tight seal in wc palettes are available Some have extra mixing tops and inserts making a lot of mixing room.
Measuring the top of the lid it is 16 3/4" long,12 3/4" wide and 1 3/4" deep. So the base is just a little smaller than that. Hope this is helpful to you Kristy.
12x16x1 3/4 deep. I custom cut a palette to fit inside perfectly.
no. they are plastic and not pained well. they don't even have faces painted on
The Clock Looks Heavy, But It Is Really Very LIGHT. We Hung Ours With A Single Nail/Screw. I Guess It's Always Best To Hang Wall Hangings From Studs But Ours Works Well As It Is. Still Love It, But Turned Off Cuckoo & Music For A While (Via The Switch).
theres a on off switch and hi or low volume for the cuckoo
China - But It's Absolutely BEAUTIFUL Black Forest-Style 30" Tall - LOVE IT : )!
I don`t remember, but it was very cheap. It certainly is not a Black Forest clock, probably China.
Is there a contact number in the owners manual?
Not germany. I think the sticker referred to oriental country.
Yes, but there's no on/off switch. Read my review on here as to how to disconnect the photocell. If you don't know what you're doing I wouldn't recommend it.
China? - But It's ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL : )!
No
Hi, push the stitch length all the way to the left until you hear a beeping, then immediately move it all the way to the right. I usually adjust the tension on top a little looser also so the basting thread is looser which makes it easier to gather fabric. Remember, every time you turn your machine off, it defaults to the tiny stitch, so you must repeat this step whenever you want to baste.
I have and it worked great..even did some heavy mesh on it making something for my uncle. It was to put on his car behind his motor home so rocks wouldn't hit his car.
You have to read the error code ( 4 beeps ) in the trouble section guide. Then follow their instructions step by step. I have a singer 6180 and one time I forgot to switch the bobbin stick back after filled the thread. It did not sew as well. Good Luck, Paul
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
The photograph shows an aerometric converter is included with the kit. This will allow you to attach the converter to the pen (where the cartridge would normally fit), and pressing on the converter allows ink to draw from a bottle.
It is the actual set, I have it and I personally love it!
Apologize, we do not carry a set for left handers. However, common to left handed people as with certain strokes we're actually pushing the nib across the paper ...
the sizes of the nibs are: B, F, M, XF, and XB
The nibs worked well but the pens leaked very badly and made it unusable. :-(
The tips are metal the handles are plastic
Yes. Mine came in white.
Product Details Product Dimensions: 12.9 x 5.3 x 0.4 inches
No, it doesn't.
It really depends on what type of glue sticks you are using. All glue sticks are not created equally, there is a huge variety that ranges from crafting all the way to industrial, all in the form of a glue stick. The average glue sticks you find in the craft or dollar stores are typical for the average craft project, however, if you are using them for anything else that requires strength and permanence, your best bet is to order online from a specialty house. Especially with a dollhouse. The better quality glue you use the less likely you are to make a mess with them, since they burn quicker, easier to control and are more free-glowing, you don't have to use as much. The higher quality ones also don't leave behind all those awful "wax strings" all crafters hate. Do a general web search for "Permanent Seal Glue Sticks", that will begin your search. Here's a website to help get you started that sells a variety of sticks; http://www.gluefast.com/products/hot-melt-glue-sticks.html and www.dickblick.com also has a variety. Note: I'm not an employee of either of the above mention businesses, I simply use their products an can tell you from experience. Hope this helps, good luck!
hi i have to agree with vid pro. i do not believe you have ruined it at all. i would get the gun hot again and push more sticks of glue through too. even if you used mini sticks keep pushing thru even if you used a wooden skewer to help push it thru [ never use metal,] only a wood skewer, just to push it as soon as you see the glue come through, try to get all the glue mini sticks out that way.might as well get the right sized glue sticks cos this will be a repeat of the same ole problem you are having now if you don't. the best thing is just use the right size sticks to push out the mini sticks of glue out, then you can bypass wood skewer. that is what i would do. you should really use the mini glue sticks for a smaller gun cos the chamber is made for the mini sticks that is why it is difficult to get the glue flow out with this gun. rest assured i use this glue gun profesionally i own 2 i love this gun. this gun is HOT please make sure to have ice water near you can dunk a finger in, helps to cool the glue so the burn isn't so bad. live and learn please be careful. enjoy that gun hope this helps pammypurple
I think all of them thread to some degree. I use these for wood work and wood repair. Very good stuff. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002NKM1UC/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc=1
It does fold up, it's also removable.
Phyllis, it Looks like it is in the picture but this gun is not cordless.
I buy Ad Tech brand, Full size, multi Temp. They are at my local Wal Mart
Hot glue guns are very good for certain things. If you want a heavy duty, permanent bond like for furniture I would say go with a better bonding agent like a high quality wood glue or gorilla glue. For lighter projects hot glue is great.
No, there is no plug installed. This is just a problem with this product - it may work and it may not. Just do not squeeze the trigger too hard or you may have hot glue coming out the back of the gun instead of the nozzle. Please read my review on this product for more information.
Not that I have seen or used. It works really well and is light weight so your hands don't get fatigue with long use.
Not sure what you are referring to. If you mean heat settings, there is no high and low, just plug it in and let it heat up.
The main difference is that the XL-2600i has an automatic 1 step buttonhole while the XL-2610 has a 4 step manual buttonhole. If you are going to make very long button holes you will want the XL-2610 as the automatic ones made by the XL-2600i are limited in length to 1 1/8 inch.
This machine is great for shirring
Yes, I bought it for my 7-year old, and it is perfect! She has had no problems adjusting to it. We both worked it without ever reading the manual.
You can use any sewing machine for piecing your quilt together. You need a special machine to "quilt" it. Your machine just needs to go forward and backward. I bought this machine for my 10 year old granddaughter for Christmas this year because of the reviews. I hope this helps.
This machine is only set up for thread. Yarn would get bogged down in the bobbin case. You should look at commercial sewing machines to use with yarn. :)
I'm not sure what it weights, but my 10 year old granddaughter can pack it around with little effort while in a case even. Hope this help.
Yes
I have made a Baby Quilt last year and it worked great.I plan on making a bigger one in a few weeks.And I see no problem at all
This is a US machine so it is 110V. I would assume that you could get the 220V machine as well. As for the Hz i would guess it at 60Hz. I dont see it on the manual though. Sorry.
inside the upper part? you open up the machine end and get it out.
Yes! This is the exact brand of pen that I use for this sketch book, and it's perfect! :o)
Yes, it is the best paper ever. You will not be disappointed.
If you are not too heavy with the sharpie, yes. I use Pigma Micron pens (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0008G8G8Y/) without any problem. But it's more for sketching than finished art work. I use it as a traditional sketchbook to capture the mood and my thoughts in addition to a photo. Photos tend to miss the mood of the moment that a sketchbook can capture. If you are heavy with a sharpie, then you would just no use the reverse side of the page. Or you could use something like a Strathmore Visual Journal (http://www.amazon.com/dp/B003YIZ0DW).
The cost changes because you are buying from different sellers. One store is selling the 1-unit item, another store is selling the 2-unit and 3-unit items, and a different store is selling the 6-unit item. As you click through the unit sizes, look to see what is listed after "Sold by".
Very sturdy. I use mine outdoors and it is holding up nicely.
I would say it's smooth, with just a hint of tooth to it. Not perfectly smooth, but only one step away. If you're comparing to say, a Moleskin or Rhodia, it's not smooth like either of those, no.
No, I've not. You could, however find cloth you like and decoupage it on to the front, back and inside covers. The wire binding would still show, of course.
Yes , thick cardboard on back a thinner cover on front.This is a small sketch book but with 100 pages you have plenty of support
This does not have any dividers of pockets. It's just a nice blank sketching book.
Yes. It is still cardboard (can't get wet or anything), but it is hard-covered.
Buy from the $ Tree for $1. Some letters are duplicated. Keep in mind that these are really bad quality. Just punching them out is difficult and most of mine ripped. They are not sturdy and I threw them all away.
Thank you for the inquiry. It is 1 package and they are yellow & orange.
Not really sure of your question... if you mean are they heavy duty enough to draw around the letter, then yes, they are pretty sturdy. My daughter was going to use them to draw/trace letters onto material.... Good luck
These are regular bulletin board letters. They don't stick
School supply place, search the internet. I bought these from Staples i think. hope this helps.
The letters are already precut so they just have to be punched out. I don't think they would work well in general die cut machines.
No
I'm not sure. I used it to fasten a puzzle to a backing, but found it is NOT repositionable. It's like Crazy glue!
I use it to restick my cricut mats and it works wonders
It probably would but don't think it would be washable
I use Easy Tack on my mats. To prep my mat I wash them with Dawn and hot water then I clean them with alcohol wipes, then Dawn and water again and they are pretty clean and adhesive free by that point.
I use it to make my ScannCut mat re-sticky! Works great!
This spray has allowed me so far to place decals on RC bodies and removal is quit easy. I have sprayed clear coat over decals to make them permanent.
No
No
This stuff is permanent!
Although you can apply this adhesive and it does allow you to remove and reposition items. I use this to apply graphics to my RC car, planes and boats. I am not quit sure if it will work on wall paper, you are talking about a much larger and heavier item than I have ever tried, although it might work it could be expensive.
Yes, it's the best to use and color variety is also really good.
Melissa, I think soft and matte describes it best. It is very good workable thread. I made used it for dishtowels and pillow cases. I was very satisfied with results.
Each package contains 105 skeins of 875 yards (8 m) 6-strand 100% Cotton Floss
Yes it does
Yes
No grays are included, which is sad
There's 2 types of browns and 2 types of tans. But there's repeats of each of those, so there's a total of 4 of each. Making it 8 strand bundles for browns/tans
My threads are in storage ..they are very much as pictured. The numbers are in the 500's I do not know DMC system. I usually buy sufficient thread for a project and buy it by sight so the numbers mean very little to me. There is, I know a very soft tan and what I would call gold but there are several yellow's....some very light tints and some closer to the soft tan and those I would class as gold. However, if you are looking for a metallic appearance there is none.
There may be five of some colors. I can count 20 colors in the picture but it is listed variety of 37 colors. I can not tell you for certain as it was more than a year since i ordered this. I have relocated and the actual thread is in storage so I can not count the actual number of colors. But I am reasonably sure there are not more than 5 of any one color.
Lorraine, The colors you mentioned are all included and they are non-metallic.
I think it has to be an inkjet. That is what I have and it worked great. It turned out really good. I made sure I had new ink in before I printed it. It worked out great.
I have used the printed fabric sheets in quilts that I have made and I have machine washed them on gentle cycle.
i purchased this product to incorporate pictures of my husband's cousin in a quilt for his granddaughter. the edges were just sewn to the corresponding fabric. placement of each photo was another thing. it took quite a while to agree on where eash photo should be placed. this product was a God send. it helped me finish the quilt in record time.
I don,t know my wife used them to make picture quilt
Yes. After the photo is printed you immerse it in cold water to set the color. While in the water, the backing pretty much just slides off.
I had to change the settings on my printer to be more vibrant. I don't think it had anything to do with how old the pkg. was. Try to darken your image before printing and "up" the color tones.
I assume you are using an all-in-one ink-jet printer. Once printed, pull the paper off. Place the print where you want it and use an iron to press it into place. I had no problem separating the paper from the fabric.
According to the Dritz website, "Sew-On Printable Fabric Sheets work with any inkjet printer or inkjet copier and are colorfast and washable."
I can't find where it is safe or where it's not safe for children. I do a lot of hand washing but I'm don't think anything with lead in it would be good for children. I wouldn't let a young child use it tho.
They can be removed and if you are probably careful in the removal process you should be able to reuse them.
No. Inside use only. Rain will disolve the paint.
Pretty much straight lines only. Can do slight turns. Must cut to change directions. I would not recommend for anything other than straight lines.
The 1/16" strips are 1/16 th of an inch wide. The 1/8" strips are 1/8" wide. I do not think Plaid makes 1/32" wide strips.
Where do you live? if you have harsh winter i would not suggest it, i lived in Pennsylvania and did the inside of my windows and they held up pretty well but there were storm windows up on the outside.
yes... they do curve quite nicely.
The entire sheet is 8.5x11, I'm not 100% sure about each individual stencil. I no longer have the item to be able to measure. But as far as quality, they were good stencils, sufficiently thick and lasted a long time (until my puppy ate them b/c I'd left them laying about).
I don't know that...sorry.
7" X 9"
The four larger sections will hold 10 standard-sized pencils each. The smaller middle section holds six. Not much for as many pencils as you have, although these boxes do stack nicely, if that helps.
15 3/4 in. wide; 9 1/4 in. deep; 3 3/8 in. high. Polycoat and they really look nice nice.
The bed is about 1/2". It will hold Rembrandt and Schmincke round pastels without any problem. Also Pan Pastel containers will fit. Larger pastels might not fit space.
Yes they are!
No
They are flat on the bottom so they could be stacked, and they are unfinished so they won't slide around. But you may need to use wood glue to keep them securly stacked.
I haven't tried but the drawers are less then 3/4" deep so you may be able to store necklaces and some bracelets but rings that have a large setting may be too tall. I also think the sections would be too narrow to store bangle bracelets.
the drawers are partitioned into spaces about 3""wide and about a half inch deep so pastels fit neatly, but unless you use shallow,pans or small tubes, water colors might not fit well. Also sine the box is unfinished wood, so nothing protects it from water damage.
The clearence (height)in the drawers is about 3/4"...the glued in slats are easily removed for a full open drawer. So, for flat trays it should work fine.
The drawers are narrow in height. They fit pencils and markers well, and I guess they would fit unmounted stamps, but wood mounted ones? I really dont know
I measured the depth under the tray using the dividers and found that I have 2-I 13/16" beneath the tray. I had a deck of cards but I'm unsure if they were standard size so I opted to proved the interior dimensions; 15-3/16"W x 7-1/8"D x 4-3/8" H and 2-13/16" under tray. The trays interior dimensions are 14-5/16"W x 6-3/16"D x 2-1/2"H and has an additional 1-7/8" under lid once closed. The box is made of 1/2" wood and the tray is made of 3/8" wood. All with interlocking straight dove tail corners. It has lasted several years with no sign of wear, it was made with great craftsmanship and materials!
Empty I'd say about 2-3lbs.
A type of plywood used. Not solid hardwood, I just found out by bumping a corner a saw a thin layer of piece come off.
15 1/4" long X 7 1/8" wide X 4 1/2" high in the bottom portion and another 1 1/4" in the inside lid. By the way, it is a well-made box. :)
The handle is leather. This is a good product for hobbyists. Plenty of room for 2-4 oz Paints and brushes.
Yes it works, although I needed to iron longer than the suggested time to create a good bond. First time, it loosened up in the wash. Second time I ironed it longer and it worked great!
It depends on how thin the material is. Try using a thin wet towel over the patch when applying it.
That is not the purpose of this product. It is very thin, intended to patch holes from the underside of light colored table linens or similar weight items. If you want to cover black lettering, you would need a heavier product such as a twill patch for the outside of elbows or knees.
I don't think so. It is to transparent and stringy when you cut it. I wouldn't buy it again.
Only one comes in a package.
no, you can remove them; but they are kind of hard to get out.
No
It came with the hook and yarn needle and instruction booklet.
Yes it does. At least mine did. Hope this helps
I have never used this with rubber bands. I only used this with yarn. However, if you are creative enough to even think about rubber bands give it a try.
Kimberly Ross
The Loom did not come with a hook. ThThe hooks can be purchased at any craft store or even WalMart I love this loom. It is very easy to work with. The pegs are stable do not fall out like some other looms.
I would say medium. They are approximately 1 1/2 inches long, but sturdy, not suitable for silk or such delicate materials, but good for cotton or .polyester.
The heads are glass. Very tiny. And break off easily.
No, they are all about the same length, but honestly they are very poor quality. The package that came for me was not even Wright's, and all the heads were a different size - and the pins were dull. :(
They are approximately an inch long.
Im sure they are probably nickel but I dont know, but be aware they are small. I like a longer pin. I hoped this helped.
They just come in the package shown.
This foot is for low shank sewing machine. So if your singer 237 is low shank it will fit
Here is the description. If you have the side screw, it will work. The Singer zipper foot is suitable for Singer vertical needle sewing machines and other brands using a side fastening thumb screw including Kenmore, White and Signature.
It is frustrating but if your machine has a thumb screw for the foot attachment this will work for you. I have a kenmore and it works great.
All I know it fits singer CG-550 and it works great. So if your model is similar, I would think it would work.
On the package it says it is compatible with Singer and Kenmore models, so I would venture to say yes.
yes - I have an old Kenmore from the 70's and it fits and works perfectly. It is a standard attachment.
it will
The fit is universal I would think that it would unless it has a really weird connection
I bought this foot to have it altered to fit my Bernina sewing machine. I'm sorry but I don't know about a Singer machine.
I really don't know. If your machine has a low or short shank it should. I know it works on the Futura machine and I think it is better than the one that came with my machine because it gets closer to the zipper or anything you want to get close to. When I googled your machine a site came up that sells parts and the shank used to attach the snap on presser feet looks exactly like mine and one is described as a low shank, so my guess is it would fit.
There is approximately 6 "pinks" per inch. Looks like standard to me. These are really good shears.
No, I never used them on blended wool felt...just on cotton right now.
I bought these for my left handed niece. She has been pleased with them.
Yes
Yes, its perfect for both fabric and paper. You might need to get a smaller ruler if youll be cutting very small pieces.
No, don't think so, its straight.
No, it is not rigid, but it can't be rolled or folded.
Yeah, DD Stubbs. Mine is just like the one in the picture (: Why do you ask? Did you get a different colour? Bought this one 2 months ago btw
I got this rotary set about a month ago, it is white on one side and grey on the other. Both sides have the square shaded grids, I don't know if an older version used to be green but the one I got was as pictured.
Yes it does.
Caitlin, Thank you for your email. OLFA mats are produced using non-toxic plastic components. The components that make up our mats are ABS Resin, Plasticizer, and PVC. Sincerely, Gerrie
The mat is green on both sides
The ruler is plastic. But the Rotary Cutter isn't.
3
They would work great! We have several pairs and carry one camping with us...it cuts practically anything!
They are a very good pair of sissors, how long they would last would probably be a risk if used a lot for wired ribbon. If you are talking about wired ribbon used for decorating a few packages, probably alright, but for use in a flower shop with thicker wire I don't think they would last. They are a very good pair of sissors that were bought by us for the handle style. Can they be used by someone with big hands as easily as someone with small hands.
No, I do not think so
I think these scissors are great for cutting fabric, the blades are really sharp and it creates a straight line with ease. However, for cutting small things such as tiny curves and whatnot, I'm not sure you'd have the control as much with these as opposed to other scissors. Since there isn't a loop to grasp, I'm not sure how they would handle scrapbooking jobs. I suppose it would take some getting used to. If it were me, I think I'd prefer different scissors for that. But I LOVE these for sewing projects! I hope this isn't discouraging, and perhaps other people will disagree with me. Just my thoughts! On another note, they way be better for arthritic hands if she suffers from that! It might be worth a try.
I do not know.
These should work, D. I cut up my indoor compost, sometimes pretty stemmy stuff, and trim heather and the like outside. The blades are fairly pointy so if you have some super thick mats, you could cut in layers. The grip and the spring allow for extra leverage I think.
I haven't tried cutting leather, you don't say how thick it is, but I have cut heavy webbing with ease so I think they should work OK.
3-5/8" and are super sharp. We had a female Cockapoo dog and found these to be the best we'd ever found to cut her fine thick hair with. No fatigue due to spring return handles.
Yes, I believe it would cut through vinyl Sir. I have used mine to cut both ridged and soft natural leathers, fabrics from shear to heavy. It moved through fluidly without any difficulty. Unfortunately Sir it does have limits. You have to be aware as to how many layers you want to put the blade through. I would try on some scrap layered vinyl to find the best amount to cut through without difficulty. Truthfully, I would be lost without my rotary cutter.
Yes. And also other shapes.
Manual. Has button to push to release blade for cutting and another to bring it back to safety position.
yes, if you have a ruler to guide you and to hold it down so you can get through. Batting is not hard to cut. I do think that it dulls your blade some.
I imagine it would. I do think that it would cut through more than one page though. You would have to hold the magazine very flat to clear the thickness of the guards on the blade. Also there would be a "bump" as it got on and off the magazine. A single edge s razor or Xacto knife might be good also.
Yes, it can cut carpet, but the blades won't last very long. And, you'd probably be better using the 65mm style and blades. Still, there are probably better options for carpet.
Yes, Very easy, just loosen the plastic nut on the out side and put the blade on the other side and replace nut on opposite side, takes 10 seconds. Darrell
No, there is not enough room from the guide protector to the blade unless the pizza was VERY thin crusted and only contained cheese as a topping. This was designed to cut fabrics. See Marshalls or Ross in the cookware area as they usually have some very nice pizza cutters.
Yes, but you must use a self-healing cutting mat underneath to protect the cutting surface from the razor blade.
You can't use the cutter on the cardboard mat. It will ruin the mat and it will dull the blade and may damage it.
Yes, I have used Fiskars blades on my Gingher cutter. They work fine.
I would assume if it's a 45mm cutter they would. I know I bought them for my mother and she's used 3 different branded cutters that I know of and they have fit all of them
Hello, If you need to return an item, you must request a return authorization through your Amazon account. Sincerely Gerrie
With a new blade you can cut through 4 to 6 depending on material thickness ,jean material 2
Hello, You can use these for cutting paper and fabric. Thanks
They are both listed as 45mm in size, so the 9628 replacement blades should fit 9521 cutter. That is a fairly standard size for rotary cutter, so almost any 45mm blade should fit the cutting tool. My problem with the Fiskar 5 pack is that they are pressed tightly together with an oily substance. The edge is extremely sharp and they are difficult to separate safely.
Circle, no notches :)
I don't know as I do not have a Fisker Rotary Cuter. You may want to take it to the store, such as Joann's and look at the cutter and blade at the same time. Sorry I am unable to help.
I am not able to measure the blade as I have changed it. I change often a I do a lot of cutting with the rotory cutter. Sorry.
someone asked me this question previously. I think it's best to se manufacturer on their website
Yes I find it hard to open as I have small hands ( 5.5" from base of palm to middle finger). If I use one hand to open comfortably the widest gap between the tip of the blades is &lt;1", so to make it functional I have to stretch my 4 fingers and the thumb to pry open up the handle.
http://www2.fiskars.com/content/search?SearchText=left+handed&x=0&y=0 Left handed things from Fiskars in USA.
No...the title says they are Fiskers and that's what mine say on them.
Sorry, don't know. I bought these as a gift for someone and no longer have them on hand to check.
Honestly, I have no idea. I measured the scissors exactly the way you did and came up with the exact measurements. Do you think there's a conspiracy against us? &lt;wink&gt; (Note to self) Find the answer at all cost!
Friskars is a Finnish company. Most of their employees are European, some in Thailand, and other unspecified countries. The scissors do not state a country of origin.
Yes, I use them all the time. They work great. You may want to purchase a darker one also, as these three colors are a bit on the light side. Don't forget a pencil sharpener too.
Jacqueline, I am not sure about silk. I know it doesn't rub off while working on a project, however, sometimes you need to use a lightly damp cloth to remove the marks. On silk ... well you know, water may leave a water mark on silks or satins. I love these pencils and haven't really tried them on silk. If you purchse them, take a sample piece of your fabric and test it out first. At Joann Fabrics, I also bought chalk pencils, see if you can find them in your area, or here on Amazon. Like these pencils, you can sharpen them to a fine point. Chalk just brushes off. Good Luck.
This should be fine for that. I recommend marking lightly and brushing the mark off with a damp cloth. Test it on an unseen area first.
I don't believe it will. I have never had it come off until it was wet.
I think it might. I would suggest that you try to increase the vibrancy of the image before you printed.
No--works great!
No, this is a very thin, thin almost paper silk to put in your inkjet printer and works very well.
I don't know but would advise you to contact Jacquard for the answer to that question.
Yes You can just use home ink jet printer to print this out. There is no special ink required
No, it is just a piece of silk. You would need to purchase fusible material of some kind that was fusible on both sides.
Yes April it does retain the shine of silk. The colors are crisp and vibrant as well. Hope this helps.
Not really. This is light weight silk and needs the edges to be oversewn (or rolled) or attached to a stabilizer to be cut on exact edges.
Yes you can! They mix very well, mix a little at a time until you have the desired shade.
I would not advise using this to tint lipsticks ..although they are toted as being "non-toxic" the powders contain chemicals that I would not dare put anywhere near my mouth.
Jessyca, I've never worked with yarn, but I wouldn't think it would work very well with yarn. PearlEX is very similar to eye shadow or graphite powder.
It does work, however you will need to mix it with a clear embossing powder. It sounds like a pain, but it really isn't. You can get a large bottle of ultra thick clear powder and mix it with these pigment powders and have beautiful results. I have done it myself. I bought this set mistaking them for embossing powders. So with some experimenting, I found you can create beautiful embossing in these great colors. I purchased a set of clear screw top containers to store the mixed powders. I use tiny spoons to scoop the powders and stir. I am still experimenting, but I mix about 2 scoops of clear powder to 1 scoop of the pigment powder, stamp my image, sprinkle my mixture, add some heat and make terrific looking images. These pigments are extremely fine and powdery, so make sure the paper you stamp is static free by using a dryer sheet or one of those special stamping bags to wipe your paper before stamping. If you have used the right mix, you will not have any left over residue and will be able to dump the extra powder back in the container.
Not dermatological safe or approved that I can find anywhere on the package.
I've used this mixed with CA glue to fill voids on custom turned pens and also mixed in resin to make pen blanks. I would fear the pigments in paint would not allow this to show through. BUT, it may alighlty allow some of the "shimmer" to show through and give a nice affect. If you were in my area I could give you a bottle to try and see if it works before you order.
Yes, if you're adding them to a medium. They're very beautiful to work with. I've blended some in my acrylic paints for varying effects!
I really think it would not be a good idea if you plan on using the soap. Read what it is made of
no this this a dye pegment
They are similar to Perfect Pearls. Pearl EX needs to bind to something and then be set. I use Pearl EX with the Palette glue pad when stamping on cardstock and then heat set. After setting, you can brush away excess powder with a tissue or paper towel.
i don't know if this mica powder will work for glass work, but you could contact Jacquard to inquire. you can find their website online. if not, i recommend the leader in industrial mica powder (EMD), which i've used for painting, etc. - but i had to order large quantities. good luck!! http://www.emd-performance-materials.com/en/coatings/coatings_pyrisma/coatings_pyrisma.html
This is not an edible product.
No. This product is not for use of cosmetics.
While Jacquard states these are safe, inert pigments for use in any viscous substance, they also state they are not to be used in cosmetic applications. Jacquard can be reached by calling 1-800-442-0455.
This set includes 3 gram jars of: Metallics-650 Micropearl 651 Pearlwhite 652 Macropearl 653 Red-Russet 654 Super-Russet 655 Super-Copper 656 Brilliant Gold 657 Sparkle Gold 658 Aztec Gold 659 Antique Gold 660 Antique Bronze 661 Antique Copper 662 Antique Silver 663 Bright Yellow 684 Flamingo Pink 685 Sprin green 686 Turquoise 687 True Blue 688 Misty Lavender 689 Blue Russet 690 Sparkling Copper. Duo colors-680 Red/Blue 681 Blue/Green 682 Green/Yellow. Interference Colors-670 Red 671 Blue 672 Green 673 Violet and 674 Gold.
You certainly can!
I think it may be possible, but I would contact Jacquard to find out the best liquid base to mix the powders with - and if the mixture would work with an airbrush. They have various varnishes and base products they offer for use with their mica powders - http://www.jacquardproducts.com/pearl-ex-pigments.html
no only a couple
Yes
Possible? If you had something to seal it with after. Depends on the way you treat it too. I use it mainly for polymer clay and seal with glaze.
About a 1/4th to 1/2 inch. I used mine for larger circles and 1/2 circles. Good Luck
Dear Dan, Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize for any inconvenience. The Olfa Compass Circle Cutter draws or cuts circles from 1 cm up to 6" in diameter in paper, vinyl sheets, film, acetate, cardboard, light wood & other thin materials. It's great for craft projects, modelmaking, photography, scrapbooking, signmaking and more. The cutter includes five spare blades & a pencil lead. It features an Olfa lifetime warranty. If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Thank you, Karen S/Blick Art Materials
You'd have to turn it over and find the center hole again. I had a similar application (carpet tile). It wasn't always easy to get the hole lined up, but in the end it was worth it for the perfect circles.
I have not used this on leather; however, I think 1/8" thick piece might be at the limits as the edge of the blade as it lies perpendicular is maybe a 32nd over an eighth of an inch. I hope this helps.
Hi the olfa cmp-3 makes a wider cut. CMP stands for complete marker profiler.
While it will definitely cut corrugated cardboard, the blades are a little short for making a cut all the way through on one pass. I usually need a second pass to cut all the way through.
Yes, it should be able to, the blade is very sharp so it take little effort to make the cuts.
sorry, i bought this as a present and the receiver has not used it so i doubt she is out of blades, so for now she may not need to look for any, i assumed that amazon would have had them.
It IS plastic...But it isn't sturdy or strong. Sheet plastic, sure. Hard plastic? no
yes... the trick is to start this lightly and let it do the cutting don't try and force it or it will go off track..
I haven't used it yet- but I believe it is the kind where you sew it on flat, and then use the 3 legged or pronged drapery hooks to form the pleat where you want it. Each leg pulls in the material and forms the pleat. The tape has holes in the channel for the legs of the drapery hook. These gather the pleat.
It's a little under 4"" (3 and 7/8") The part the hook goes in is 3 1/4" and the hook holders are 1 9/16" apart. The hook holders are open at one end and closed at the other. I found that out after I had sewn in a tape upside down and had to punch the hooks through.
The width of the tape is 4 inches.
Yes
Yes, the pleating tape does work with Ikea's hooks, which is what I used to pinch pleat my curtains.
The tape isn't particularly stiff, but the hooks should hold up pleats enough to hide track.
I think it might not stay fixed and begin to sag if the material attached has much weight to it. If used on a very light fabric it might work. In my case, I'll be using it with curtains I intend to attach at the very top to clip-ons on rods, so it might work for that. But for me, the time it takes to sew it on will let me know that it will be firm for as long as the curtains last.
I returned this product since it wasn't what I actually wanted. Sorry I can't be of any help.
The latch is solid, but the areas inside are kind of big for pills and no good way to mark which is what day or what kind of pill. I would not recommend for vitamins.
It has himges, I am very happy with mine
Yes they do. and the bobbins are a very strong plastic also.
This box is divided into 1-1/2" spaces (squares) I don't know if will be ok as I don't know how big your cake decorating tips are.
This is just the tools you need to make paper. You also need an old blender. You put old paper in the blender with water and blend it to a pulp. Then poor it into a rubber made tub. Next you dip the screen(hand mold) into the pulp and the paper pulp comes with it. The you carefully dump it out. It takes some practice but works really well. You may need to add extra water to your tub to distribute the paper pulp more evenly. You dont want a super thick paper in most cases. You can add sparkles or dried flowers and herbs to make really beautiful paper. One kit should be ok for multiple children. If you have alot of paper to dry put a sheet in a sunny place and dump your paper on it to dry. You can also add liquid starch to your tub to improve the quality of the paper if its to be written on.
Unfortunately, the frame that creates an 8 1/2" x 11" sheet is the biggest that Arnold Grummer offers.
the mold is 8.5 inches by 11.5 inches.
This would be for the 8 1/2 x 11 sheets.
It's a DVD
The interior is 5.5"x 8.5". The outside perimeter is 10x7.
From the memory, around 5 by 6 inches (I haven't seen it for 3 years!). Maybe a bit smaller.
I don't believe there is a warranty. The Olfa is made of plastic and seems durable. I researched Olfa before I bought it and it is supposed to be the most comfortable, durable and long lasting. More so than Fiscars. I would buy it again.
I've only used it for quilting and it will cut through several thicknesses of cotton fabric. I just tried it on naugahyde ....not exactly heavy duty leather, but it cut right through it.
Yes, it works so well on felt.
The 45 was a little small for thick fabrics. It did not make it thru 2 layers of quilted fabric.
I am sure it could, it is really sharp.
Probably but message the manufacterer. You would surely meed to replace the blade.
In my opinion, this would not be heavy duty enough to cut thin wood. Of course, I only use this cutter on fabric. It would need to be tested.
I would definitely believe so, it is super sharp and can cut through 5 layers of cotton fabric
I would say most definitely. The rotary cutter is sharp and the mat is self healing. Other mats would have slices in them from the rotary cutter. You can use the rotary cutter to cut out patterns instead of scissors. I wouldn't attempt using any other cutting mat.
Says made in Japan on it
Hello Marcia, We do have custom irons available for purchase through amazon that allow you to provide your own artwork. Currently we only have the 1 square inch iron (length x height) available on amazon, however, if you are looking for a different iron you can call us at eight hundred nine six four eight two five one, and we can make that size available for purchase through amazon.
Hello Meagan, The standard limit for the brand is up to two lines, 9 characters per line. If one of the lines is 10 characters, that should be fine, but we would not want to go over that. Thank You Sales Team
I have a plumbers acetylene torch. Much quicker than a propane torch.
Hello Michael, These "pre-set" designs are a set size as you have seen. If you would like this design (the BN-7) at 2.5" from left to right, we would be happy to do it for an additional cost. Give me a call at eight oh five, nine six four, eight two five one. We can discuss the options and how to order through Amazon. Thank you, Scott Swanson Sales Manager
Exactly 1 5/8" x 1 1/8"
I will be happy to answer your question the best I can. First, I would say Plaster of Paris is not like clay that you can control and define. Yet, when you add paper or other material (Amazon sells bandage-like material you use specifically for Plaster of Paris, if you want more definition, just look at the bottom of the screen for what Amazon suggests go along with it, to purchase) to the mixture. When it dries, it is somewhat heavy, depending on what you are making. I have made piniatas by wrapping the paper around a balloon and popping the balloon after it dries, for instance. If it is only the part of the diorama where the wall or walls are, maybe it would be easier to use wood filler. You can get it in tube-form also, and apply it by squeezing the tube and then use a spatula or even craft stick, which is like a popsicle stick only wider. If your diorama encompases a large area, as apposed to a smaller model, maybe the plaster of paris would be doable. Other parts of the scene may work for using the plaster also. If you are in the service now and they still have Arts & Crafts Centers on Post, you may be able to get just a little bit of the plaster and see how it works. Mixing a small amount at a time is best because it hardens fast. I am creating a shelving unit for my bathroom using boxes as a base, to adhere strips to. The fat lady hasn't sung yet, so will see how this works out. :)
I would d=say about 4 cups maybe a bit more.
Plaster of Paris is primarily for working with paper materials. If you test it with the carbon fibers or glass materials, be sure you have good protection on your hands. Water is always mixed with Plaster of Paris. It sets up very fast, so I advise to only mix what you plan to use right away. I think it is 1 c plaster of paris per 1 c water. Not sure. I haven't used mine in about 6 months. I tried it with cardboard, using newspaper strips over it. My next creation will be better, I am sure. Try googling for information on it. Whatever you make, consider using fire protectant on your finished project. It comes in a spray can.
I do not know, I am sorry. I used mine to make "Chalkboard" Paint for use in the house. If the mold is dry, I would expect that you could do so. The carbon fibers and fiberglass should not stick to the mold. If you are worried about it, as previously done with Fiberglass, just put on a light coat of wax to avoid sticking.
Yes, but making a mold for it would be where it could become difficult. With a little ingenuity it can be done, though. Give it plenty of time to dry.
I've used this on several projects with much success, however I think given the weight and consistency it would most likely be too heavy for a pinata both in terms of shattering like ceramics and for sheer weight. There are however great products avail for paper mache, which typically holds together from a base of glue and corn starch or flour. Hope that helps and happy crafting!
3 cups of water 3 cups of latex paint 1 cup plaster of paris
as plaster of paris this is plaster on a thin mesh cloth- it's strips of plaster: thus it is hard to quantify how many cups of plaster it makes- this isn't powder
I'm not sure how to compare them. The pin cushion is small, 1 1/2 inches in diameter. We are using an older one that is larger & it's flat on the bottom instead of round. The thimbles look thin and it looks like they are made of aluminum. I hope this is helpful. The case is much more compact than the old one that it is replacing.
not sure on teh size of the box but you get both small and large spools of thread
7 1/2 inches wide, 14 inches high and 17 1/4 inches long. These are the outside dimensions of the sewing machine box. The sewing essentials container is ten inches high, ten inches long and six inches wide. I apologize for the error.
Yes they do fit my Brother LX2500, every now and then I'll find one that is a little loose on the top spindle you use to fill the bobbin, but I push a straight pin into the center between the spindle and the middle of the bobbin and it spins just fine. I haven't had a problem with the bobbins at all in the sewing of anything. :)
Yes, the scissors shown are included.
At this time we do not have 15 available. If the order is placed however the order would be over $100 which would give you free shipping.
Good question! I bought this and overall I enjoy it. The thread is not great quality. It does tend to snag on some fabrics. I am not sure the makeup of the thread, but for the price - you would not expect top quality cotton. It is a fine started pack and once you are done with those spools, you can replace with cotton of your choice. It is a handy storage system.
I wouldn't recommend it for any machine.
Hello Nancy, I actually don't about the Brother machines, but I know it can work with many machines. I have2 different machines SINGER QUANTUM STLYLIST 9960 AND WHITE 972 and it works perfectly well with both. I think the size is 15J.I will recommend it for a friend.
Nope, sorry they're to low profile than the Brother's bobbins.
The pump comes with everything you need to connect to an Iwata airbrush. The only thing not included is the airbrush.
No, my model it's a 110/120V AC 60HZ
This model is setup for 120VAC. Not sure if they manufacture a model in other voltages. Their website might provide guidance...
Hi Michelle, Im using this compressor for hobby purposes, not for make-up brushing, I do spray acrylics which are pretty dense without a problem but to be honest I don't know if 35 psi's of output pressure will be enough for your needs. Best regards.
While I am not an expert, I am a professional makeup artist, and one of the main reasons I went with this airbrush was because you can use it with many different mediums: alcohol based, water based, silicone based. I would see no reason why you would have to use water only, or why you couldn't use a disinfectant solution as well. Good luck!
I used it for make up but have seen it used for spray tans. Definitely want to watch the pressure though.
Go to Hobby Lobby. Take the compressor with you. It will be in the section with the model cars. It's the same compressor and parts used for painting small models!
I've never heard about using it for cake but I'm assuming if its gentle anough on a face it should be gentle enough on cakes.
Shireen, I primarily use mine with acrylics. The unit is light and very quiet. I'm extremely happy with my purchase.
Yes you can. If you use an external regulator I also recommend placing an accumulator tank between the regulator and compressor. I use a 70 cu in Bimba tank purchased from a surplus shop for my accumulator. It also keeps the compressor from cycling on as frequently.
It should. I'm using a master air compressor that came with a master house.
It is not, but they is an adaptor you can buy that will make it compatible.
Ideal for Auto Air and Wicked type paints. Water based. Even though it has a 3.5 needle I can get hair line size painting. Great airbrush that professionals use.
It includes lubricant for the needle, instruction sheet, and a giant Iwata sticker. It is a great airbrush!
No it does not
Yes. This is a legit Iwata airbrush (and my favorite model, at that) that comes in legit Iwata packaging, complete with legit test strip. (All Iwata airbrushes are tested before packaging, to ensure quality)
I don't understand the function of the visible needle chuck. But, it is a great airbrush!
Yes
No
Yes, Mine came with the cap, just like the photo on the box.
You can get an adapter for other airbrushes. The compressor comes with an adapter for Paasche and Badger airbruses. The compressor is small, provides good pressure, but cannot be run for too much over an hour without the motor heating up. This compressor is very quiet.
only 110. i had to purchase additional power adaptor for it
Don't know but it does have adapter pieces in the box.
It stays on all the time
I don't think it would work well to inflate a tire. You'd need an adapter for one thing, and I think the total pressure produced is probably too low. I'd recommend you buy a combination tire inflator/battery jumper and keep it in your car.
It works great for the two airbrushes I use, a Paasche Talon and an Iwata Eclipse HP-BS. Both are dual action.
Mine did not come with a spray gun of any kind. Although the photo shows the compressor with a spray gun, there is not one included. It does seem a bit deceptive, but you will not find a spray gun in the description.
yes. white not silver at all!
In the USA!
They mass stamp them into five equal stacks. You should be able to pull them apart.
Wal- Mart and Michael's have them in gold/champagne colors also in black
They are plainly white.
Very thin paper. Don't recommend eating off of them. You can set a plate on them if you wish
Each package contains 12 doillies.
All of Badger's production right now is going toward backordered products. Be patient, I ordered my Sotar 2020 2F on back-order too, and it shipped in about 3 weeks. For the excellent $78 price on Amazon Vs. the usual $300 price tag, it's well worth the wait. The complete line of Minitaire paints for $130 is another steal worth waiting for.
In a discussion about 2 years ago with Herman Robisch, the designer of the Sotar airbrush at Badger, I was told the fine tip is .2mm, the medium .45mm, and the large .7mm. The one body can be converted to the different sizes by buying the needle, paint tip (nozzle), and regulator of a given size. For a review of the Sotar and many other airbrushes, search for Don's Airbrush Tips.
Yes you can Try coast airbrush or tcp global
Only after you get an adapter to fit the badger threads first. There is an adapter that first screws onto the threads on the airbrush. Then a standard 1/8 hose will fit. You can find the adapters here or on ebay for cheap. I use an adapter and then a quick connect screwed to that. Works perfectly. The airbrush is sweet and I really like the results I get with it. www.facebook.com/vondad check the albums. The true fire was done with the sotar. Best of luck to you.
Incredibly easy. The whole thing comes apart with ease, takes only a couple of minutes I dismantle, clean and reassemble. This is my main airbrush and I doubt I will move away from it.
Hello. Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to ship internationally through Amazon. In order to place an order with our company, it will need to be placed on our website directly. I apologize for any inconvenience.
Mike it doesn't come with a cap and there's no extra parts to buy
Yes
Yes but it's a carton box .... not the best for sure imho.
Yes
Well, I know I have done more than one word at a time, but for the life of me I can't remember where I found out how to do it. I don't remember completely, but I think maybe I used a "comma" in place of the space. Then, before I began stitching, I think I hit "Multicolor". This way the machine stops after each letter, I think. Then when the comma comes up, you can hit the "Forward One Color" button, and it will skip the comma and leave the space. Now, it has been a year since I tried this, and my memory isn't like it used to be (ha), so make sure to try this on a scrap piece of fabric and see if it works. I could be completely wrong, but this would be worth a try. I know it's a hastle for it to stop after each letter, but that actually worked better for me, as it seemed to bunch up my fabric when I didn't stop after each letter. I cut the thread after each letter too, if I remember correctly. Anyway, I do know you can do it somehow, and you don't have to purchase additional software to do it.
I can't help, I can only commiserate because this was a terrible design and one they quickly removed from their production of these machines but we owners are still stuck with a machine that is practically unusable. We need a class-action lawsuit. I have tried every way possible to bypass that cassette. Nothing works. Some cassettes work better than others. Some thread 'weights' (thicknesses or brands) work better than others. Make sure you absolutely have the threading correct. The instruction manual shows it threaded differently than the decal on the cassette itself. Good luck.
just buy regular good quality thread. It does not need to be made by brother, any quality thread works in this machine. I use coats & clark
I was having the same problem. The files loaded onto the card from the computer software with no problem, but I got the message "This card can not be used on this machine." After playing around with it, I found that for it to work I need to be sure that I only save them to the card with the 4" x 4" / 4 1/4" x 4 1/4" hoop selected. I get the error message if I select either of the bigger hoop sizes, even if the design itself is small enough to fit. Hope this helps!
I would imagine that like its peers, the Amazing Box and the Ultimate Box, the Smart Box is a read/write device that transfers digitized embroidery designs and images to and from your computer and rewriteable card.
Just the usual speed-control foot pedal that all sewing machines come with. It doesn't control the embroidery part, though.
The hoop size for this machine is 4 x 4. That's the largest it will be. CORRECTION: My machine came with a 4 x 4 frame. I just checked my manual a frame up to 4 x 6-7/8 is optional. Therefore my first reply is incorrect.
this happens to me too, try to set the tension to 0, and then add another layer of fuse backing, see if that helps, as it did for me, but not for the disney character Mickey mouse, will add another layer to see what happens. It looks like these type of designs create bigger looping underneath
The threader is VERY finicky. The presser foot position doesn't really make a difference, but it seems to work better when its raised. Make sure the needle is in the UP position. You can tell this by the green light on the cartridge spot when the cartridge is removed. Thread tension is very important. Be sure that the thread exits the spool exactly as shown on the cartridge (the thread should unspool from the left side of the spool, not the right). Make sure the orange spool cap is not too tight against the top of the spool. It isn't necessary for the spool to rotate to work properly but it is necessary for it to pull freely. Once you've threaded the cartridge past position 5, make sure the thread moves freely without snagging then wrap it around the cutter. The thread has to "stick" in the cutter for it to work properly, this is because the threader grabs the thread from the loop BEHIND position 5. Finally make sure you push the cassette down firmly at an even pace. The biggest problem with the threader working is incorrect tension (too much) with the thread coming out of the cassette. You may also find that you'll get better results by bypassing placing the thread inside the cassette completely and using the spool pin instead. ===== Been a while since I looked at this thread. I don't use the SE270D much any longer, I upgraded to the Innovis-4500D. But before I did that I found a FOOLPROOF trick for the automatic threader: 1. Make sure you've threaded the cassette properly as I described above. 2. Push down SLOWLY on the thread cassette cartridge. 3. As you push down SLOWLY, you will see a little arm begin to extend toward the needle. Examine this arm closely and ensure that the thread follows the path down the arm across the fork-shaped hook and back up the arm. If the thread doesn't already cross the fork, you're already going to fail, release the cassette and let it pop back out. Remove it and rethread it and try again. 4. If you threaded the cassette properly and pushed slowly down on the cassette, in almost every case you will see the thread cross over the fork. When you've confirmed that begin to press faster. When the arm makes contact with the needle another arm will spring down quickly and push the thread from between the for through the eye of the needle. Hope that helps.
Is it making a noise? Does it still sew? I have had it do this when a needle was not put in as far up as it will go or the needle is slightly bent. Also once it did this and the shuttle cock was scratched badly and had to be replaced. Please let me know if any of this helps. Other wise I would call Brother directly.
"Class 15J Bobbins. Are you familiar with the class 15J bobbin? This is a special class bobbin used in the Singer 7400 series of machines, as well as the Futura (CE-100) and Quantum Futura (CE-200). Do not use regular class 15 bobbins in these machines, they will cause tension problems and can damage the bobbin case. The 15J is slightly smaller than the regular class 15, and the edges have a slight curve towards the center. The part number for this bobbin is 085128." I'd call the machine manufacturer to clarify 15 vs 15j and what one your machine needs, as they are not interchangeable.
According to the Singer site, it will fit. See http://www.singerco.com/products/1556/2263-simple/features
I looked up your machine and yes Clear 15 fits.
It will take Bobbin Class: 15.
The Red Heart Super Saver is 7 oz...198 g...264 yds The Red Heart smaller skein is 5 oz...141 g...260 yes oops! have no RH Soft...
I have never had any Red Heart Yarn pill, that's why I use only that brand.
Depending on the size, it should be enough
This is a 4 ply yarn. Very easy to work with and looks stunning.
No, Alice, this is #4 Medium. #2 Sport is apparently finer/thinner. For more help, check Wikipedia on "yarn weight" for chart.
The lid fits easily on and off but it is not a tight fit that "snaps on". If you keep your palette level, the paints will not leak out. I generally add a little water to the wells about a half hour before I start to paint, or you could add some when you are finished before you put the lid on. I have used this palette for a number of years and have been happy with it, but I am a studio painter and generally do not transport this palette. There are, however, large canvas bags with a space for the palette in the bottom if you need to take it in the car or something.
The Robert E. Wood Palette is 11" x 16" with four mixing wells on the lid 5 1/4" x 3" . The bottom section has 24 paint wells that go around the edges with two large mixing areas in the center that measure about 5 1/2" x 5 3/4".
I truly got one pallet
It is 11" x 15 1/2"
I haven't used any woodworking glue yet. I have only used mod podge. And I haven't had a problem just rubbing it off like regular glue.
Yes, we ship globally. You should be able to obtain a shipping quote by proceeding through the checkout process.
I just used water and soap to clean it off. But ive only used mod podge with it.
We utilize these for food storage in various ways. For things like flour we seal in mylar bags with oxygen absorbers prior to sealing in the buckets. Things that will keep without worrying about O2 like dried beans, we just leave in their individual bags prior to sealing.
I'm not sure I understand the question. It's a plain, white plastic paint pail. It seems it would be hard to get color or decoration to stick to it.
My bucket did not come with a lid as far as I remember.
No, a five gallon lid does not fit. There are two gallon lids for sale.
what a great idea. Had not used my paints for about a week, paints were moist, but noticed mold was growing on my cad red!Thanks for a great tip.
I have not used this brand but I know other people who have used it and they are happy with it. I hope that this helps you.
I do as Jerry Harber does up to a point...I wet the sponge and the paper and put my paints directly on the paper. Then I mist the paints when I finish and close the palette. I also use regular palette paper when I run out of the special paper that came with the palette. I have also used copy paper. Hope this helps you...
it is 7" x 8 1/2" and the Masterson Sta-Wet Acrylic papers fit perfectly. I couldn't find a sponge replacement that size so I cut one of the large ones to fit. it keeps the acrylics moist for several days and I spray them occasionally to help keep them wet. I don't get to paint every day so that helps. I like the small palette better than the big one for small paintings, which I do more often, as it is easier to open and close and keep at hand. hope that helps !
It is 7.5 x 9.0 inches.
Approximately 7 inches by 8.5 inches.
12" x 16"
I don't think it will. Get one that has a number of small wells on the perimeter and larger wells in the center for mixing. You can rehydrate watercolors without a problem if they dry out between sessions.
Would work with oil paints, size is 7 x 8.5 , and it does come with sheets. you can cut you own wax paper also or foil . I like it keeps my acrylic paint wet for a long time.
I don't think that this pallette is good for oil paints. It is supposed to be kept wet and that isn't useful for oil paints. I would buy a pallette specificly for oil paints if I were you. I hope that this answers you question.
if you are using the laminate cartridge you can't take it off without ruining the photo. if you are just wanting make it a sticker then the front of the photo shouldn't be damaged but you can't remove the adhesive without damage. if it is an irreplaceable photo then your best bet is to make a copy and use the copy for your project and keep the original as is. Walmart and other such places usually have scanners to scan in photo's if the image isn't on a memory card but that kinda ruins the charm of old photos. If it is an old photo and your wanting to keep the 'rustic charm' then you might try a local photography studio and see if they can duplicate the method of printing. It just occurred to me that my response didn't really answer the question about running a photo through the machine but rather what happens to it after it has gone through. So to give a more complete response... as far as placing a photo in the machine and turning the crank it should be no problem. regardless of the type of cartridge, the photo would be sandwiched between two layers as it goes through the machine. Obviously the double sided laminate will adhere to the top and bottom. The magnetic cartridge may do the same since the top layer is thicker than what is used on the adhesive only cartridges (I just recently got the magnetic). The top layer on the adhesive cartridges is very thin and peels back removing the excess adhesive around your project leaving the project still attached to the 'waxy' bottom layer. Hope this is more helpful and my apologies for my over-site.
It's not especially thick. Things that are not very thick or are flimsy will come out just slightly thicker.
The unit comes with 1 sticky cartridge
No it is not a full 40ft cartridge.
The one that comes with the machine when you buy it is 25ft. The refill is 40ft.
Yes. It works very well but the cut of the ribbon is very important so it doesn't fray/unravel upon removal from the backing paper. I like to use my pinking shears or an angular cut.
Tissue paper No...it would be too thin to use but I am an artist and if you wanted to do mixed media it can be used for other papers. I have used it for card stock type, 90-140lb papers. It adds a glue dimension to the back if you use that cartridge. Laminating has to be at least as thick as computer paper or similar.
I use this adhesive on the back of photo prints and it appears to be clear but not sure it is see-through clear. So I would suspect it would be cloudy.
The answer is "yes". However, peeling off the backing may be more difficult if you punch before you peel. Why don't you experiment with a 6 x 6 inch piece of paper to see how it would work. Also, the thickness of your paper might (or might not-again, experiment) affect how well the labels will go through the mail.
i love this product. I have the 9" and the 2.5". I have made stickers to stick to cardboard, I am turning different papers into stickers and stick on top of each other in order to decorate boxes. I have done ribbon on ribbon. I am getting ready to cut paper in designs and fold and top the plastics bags with goodies in them. I have not done metal - but can't image you can't stick something to metal. you do nothing but feed your paper or fabric or ribbon through the easy feeder. It comes out the other side with a cover over your object and then it sticks to a piece of paper and you peel it off. Utilize the 9" space as much as you can. You can feed several things through at one time. Pay attention to the length of the cartridge. I can't remember what came with it. But I have purchased an additional that has 40 feet on it. I hope that answers your question. Please ask me other questions if you want.
It doesn't shrink much but it is so crumbly and fragile that it is literally useless once dry. I dried it very slowly too, in a plastic bag with a few holes to ventilate. I am going to be looking elsewhere for a self-hardening clay.
Yes!!!! any kind I am sure will work... You just have to be careful the project is completely dry... And you dont want to work the paint to much. My kids kept re painting the same area and the clay started to absorb the liquid again.
I found about 9% shrinkage in the clay. It will be about a 70% chance of surviving the kiln. The longer/dryer you get the clay the less it will Crack when fired. Overall it is a very good clay as far as wet clay is concerned. Crack free clay would be non sulphur based oil clay. But you don't fire it. You cast it in silicone
Drying time will depend on the size and thickness of the object. We do advise that the item is allowed to dry slowly and evenly on all sides at room temperature and away from heat until hard. During drying, rotate the object occasionally to ensure that all surfaces are exposed to the air.
When clay dries it tends to get very cold. If you are in a very dry and hot environment, cracking may occur.
Hello Barngirl! This clay is a very light soft colored gray. It's not greenish or blue. More of a pale taupe. When dry it appear almost white. This prove to be quite a remarkable clay. As an experience artist and one who have worked with all types of clay I was impressed. I hope this help you a bit.
The cover is made of porcelain.
It fits nicely - locks right into place. There is a little bit of play, however, that would be expected from a porcelain, esp. without having any gasketting. I feel like it does the job and seals the paint well.
yes....
Do not know
11 1/4" wide, 17 3/4" long, slightly under 1 1/2" deep. I'm sure the wood of the drawer measures out to 1 1/2" deep, but the metal tray takes just a little bit off that depth. The pallet fits inside with a very small amount of play, so effectively it is the same dimension as the drawer.
The two front legs pull out from the side and then extend down.
I don't know about the same warranty since I don't have the paperwork with me. I own two Mabef easels. The older one which I purchased from a local small retailer. I lost one of the key pieces of hardward for the third leg, emailed Mabef in Italy along with photos, and the customer service sent me the missing piece. The easel from Amazon actually has an improved design and I am happy with it. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another should I need one.
You must be talking about the carrying handle - if so, yes, ours is leather.
33 inches from the ground to the bottom of the drawer
Hi, thanks for your question. This easel is available from several sellers, and while some sellers will ship to international destinations, others don't. To see a seller's shipping rates and details, click "See Shipping Rates" from the product listing. You can also add this item to your shopping cart, if you can proceed with your order then your order can be shipped to the UK. I hope this helps!
Dear Jodie, Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, we do not ship to New Zealand. We do apologize for that. Thank you,
Yes, it comes with information about how to register the easel you bought online with the manufacturer. It is a great easel!
Includes 20-foot permanent adhesive cartridge; Refill cartridges available with either acid-free permanent or acid-free repositionable adhesive http://www.amazon.com/Xyron-XRN250-CFT--Sticker-Permanent-Adhesive-Cartridge/dp/B000E147WW/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1395116882&sr=8-1&keywords=Xyron+XRN250-CFT
Yes, but you might want to consider the 5 inch Xyron Create a sticker (or larger) as this one is only 2 1/2 inches wide. If your photos are larger than 2 1/2 in you'll definitely want a bigger one. But commenting on the Xyron products in general, I love them! They are the fastest and easiest way to apply adhesive to the backs of items.
You can reduce waste by positioning the machine so that you can see the area as your item comes out and stop cranking the lever as soon as it has cleared the machine. If you have multiple items to put through the machine you can feed them in so the emerge in a continuous strip, placing each item very close behind the end of the preceding item. This method also reduces waste. Small/narrow items can be placed side by side and run through that way also.
You can save them as long as you don't peel them off of the strip they are stuck on when you crank them out.
You can do that however I've found that slightly thicker paper tends to work better (less risk of tearing when removing it from the sticker sheet) but if you're very careful, it still works. Permanent adhesion is good. I placed some stickers on a file cabinet and then changed my mind and now I'll have to scrape the paper & glue off to remove them. So you don't have to worry about them falling off, that's for sure!
The permanent and removable glues probably won't stand up to water drenched bottles. They do sell permanent glue backing but doubt that is waterproof.
You place another piece of paper on it with your design and put it through the machine and the other side of that piece of paper will be sticky.
If you use the permanent adhesive it should stick to glass just fine. It depends if the glass will be outside or inside as rain or water might be a factor. :)
We received the white one.
Absolutely!
I purchased the laminate refill by mistake but I love it!! I imagine you could laminate first, change refills and run it thru and make stickers. Good Luck
Yes, it would work great on mason jars. If you want removable, I would use the repositionable adhesive. Don't let the name mislead you, it sticks great until you want to take it off on purpose! If you have any problems getting all of the sticky off, Undo is the best product out there to remove glues.
Yes
Hi Veronica, this is for the 9" creative station. Yours is 12", so maybe try searching for a 12" refill.
It will work in any Xyron 900 machine.
Yes, I ordered these Swarovski elements are they really are Swarovski beads. Lee Broad
I don't see why not but I wouldn't guarantee how long it would hold up.
You can purchase a single color as long as we have it in stock. CharmCountry. If you want to send a message with the color you want, I can check our stock.
You can do this with use - CharmCountry. When you check out just sent send a message letting us know which colors you want.
Yes 20 gauge will be just fine. I use 20 and 24 gauge beading wire for these beads. The lower the number of gauge the thicker the wire. I like to use a fine beading wire for these tiny beads. Heavier glass beads I will use a 24 gauge. I hope that this helps you out.
The sizes are measured in millimeters. 4mm is very small. 8 m is about the size of a pencil eraser. Does this help? Take care. Clarelyse
Yes, you can select different colors with us - beadingusa. Just be sure to send a message with the colors you need.
No idea. I gave them to someone as a gift. Sorry.
Yes, if you are purchasing from us, you can.
I didn't buy the lot for direct resale. I bought it to make jewelry out of. I still have some left. :)
Sculpting tools should be dedicated to clay work and should never be used for food afterwards. That includes rolling pins, baking sheets, and knives. Super Sculpey * Super Sculpey should be cured in a preheated 275 F (130 C) oven for 15 minutes per quarter inch of thickness. DO NOT MICROWAVE. For example, a piece of " thickness would be cured for 30 minutes. The layering method is recommended for lager pieces of construction. Premo * Premo! Sculpey should be cured at 275 F (130 C) in a preheated oven for 30 minutes per quarter inch of thickness. DO NOT MICROWAVE. Once cured, the colors intensify and deepen. Sculpey III * Sculpey III should be cured in a preheated 275 F (130 C) oven for 15 minutes per quarter inch of thickness. DO NOT MICROWAVE. If you're unsure whether your piece is adequately cured, try pressing the tip of a fingernail into the bottom of your piece after it has cooled; it will leave a mark but will not actually enter the clay. Fimo * Any home oven is suitable for hardening FIMO. Preheat the oven at 110C/230F. Place the FIMO model on an aluminum sheet, and plate or glass sheet and put it in the oven. Depending on teh size of the model and the thickness of the walls, the hardening process takes approx. 20-30 minutes. FIMO reaches maximum hardness when completely cool. Prosculpt * Cured at 275 F (130 C), this clay can be used in a household oven. For every 1/4 inch of thickness, it should be cured for 10 minutes. Kato Clay * Kato Polyclay, oven hardening polymer clay, bakes at 300 F (150 C). However, it can also be cured at 275 F (135 C) with good results and has been approved to cure at 350 F by our toxicologist, however caution should be taken when curing at that temperature, time should be limited to 10 minutes as you will run the risk of discoloration. You should never exceed 365 F. In prior laboratory testing, it has been determined that tensile strength increases You can reheat but be careful of scorching. if your item is too thick, use a filler material such as foil and wrap the clay around it.
More than enough. It should only take 1 pound per. The white is easy to work and bake
Hi, When purchasing 8 lbs of clay - The Box is 13 in x 6 1/4 inch box x 3 1/2, Your will receive from who ever you buy from,8 one pound bars That are 5 1/2 x 2 1/8 inch each bars. I hope that this helps. Have a nice evening
Sculpey white is a softer clay than Super Sculpey, which makes it easier to work with. Super Sculpey can be easier to sand and manipulate after baking because of its denser consistency. Super sculpey is over ten dollars a pound while white sculpey is about five dollars a pound.Good luck.
Thank you for your question. We do not offer international shipping through Amazon.
Not hardly at all actually. I have only done smaller projects, but as far as i know, it hardly shrinks, if at all. Hope this helps you.
yes I do! but you have to make sure you use a denim needle and it should be a new needle---replaced everytime you have a denim job to do. a big part of the reason I bought it was to hem my jeans.... hope this helps!!
This machine is quite easy to use. I think your granddaughter would have no problem learning on this starter machine.
Absolutely!! I got this machine when I was 18 as my very first sewing machine. I am completely self taught and still have this machine after 7 years, and I do use it quite a lot! Read the manual very carefully and always consider checking online for tutorials and instructions on basic sewing. I highly recommend to save yourself some troubleshooting that you always change needles with each project to the proper weight and type of needle and only use Gutterman or Metteler brand thread. (Don't use Coats & Clark or dollar store/cheap thread, cuz it will break and wind itself on the inside of your machine.)
I just hemmed 4 pairs of jeans. I used a heavy duty needle and had to raise the presser foot at the seams to get over the thickness but it did a good job.
Yes! Just make sure you use the correct needle size...the manual suggests a #100/16.
It doesn't come with extras. Just a couple of bobbins, a zipper foot and maybe a couple other things. I've had several sewing machines over the years, this is a good one. You will have to supply your self with a few things for your sewing basket, but don't buy anything until you really think you will need it. Basics will be a seam ripper, some pins, scissors, that's really about it. Don't buy machine needles, it comes with a few and you could easily get the wrong size. Take one of those with you to match it up. The instruction sheet in a pattern will guide you in any thing else you may need. Hope this helps.
Yes it will. Refer to the sewing guide, fabric is heavyweight, needle size would be #100/16, thread: cotton 40-50 Mercerized Heavy Duty, Polyester Long Fiber.
its easy until you get to the loop at the top --in other words picture you put the spool on the top you go down one side and up the other the metal looper that comes out of the top should come out a little more so you can attach the thread there---I always have to use tweezers to get the thread in.....after that it is easy. its good you asked this question because it is a good little machine and this is the only part that annoys me about it....I wonder what others have to say!!
I hem my husband's jeans on this one, and use it to sew on my uniform patches. I use a heavy needles & set the tension high, and it works just fine.
I know this is a very old message, but apparently this is a common issue with this machine...You press the foot pedal and first it just make some noise, then the machine starts at maximum speed... Well, I've discovered that if before pressing the pedal you lower the needle (by rotating the wheel towards you) until it's in a low position (either near the fabrick, or sticking a bit into it), then the machine will start, slowly, if you press the pedal slightly...You won't need to press a lot, and it will be easier to control speed. I hope this will be useful to people having this problem with this machine...
To my eyes it is white. I placed it against a few pieces of paper and fabric as a test, and it is white to me. I really have had nothing but positive experiences with this product. I would not recommend the twill, however. It is thicker and does not produce as clear of a picture or whatever you are printing. Hope this is helpful to you.
I have never used the twill. I quilt and the poplin is very close to the cotton fabric. I did a memory quilt for my mom with lots of photographs. Turned out better than I thought for my first time! This was very easy to use in the printer. I would cut it before printing to keep from wasting so much or fit smaller pictures one piece and cut it after printing. Good luck. Varies in price so search for the best one.
Hi, I use a lot of this fabric for various projects and yes, I use the handwash cycle in my washer.. and cold water, but then I wash most of my clothes in cold water. Also, when you have finished adding the image to your Photo Fabric, give it a good ironing with a nice hot iron. This really seals the color into the fabric. Hope this helps!
No. The fabric is pre-mounted on backing paper. I print, iron the printed fabric to help set the ink, wait for a day, and then remove the backing and rinse in Bubble Jet Rinse or another mild detergent to help further set the ink.
I have never printed bigger than a4. I suppose it will depend on the settings or printing on and what your printer is capable of
It ravels easily but after you take care of that, it should be washable.
It may be a little stiff. It is not thin, it has to be stiff enough to put though the printer. I made a queen size quilt using the wedding pictures and the brides color skim. It was beautiful. I have since brought more for memory quilts.
This is more for pictures for a quilt. Like I am printing pictures and sewing a picture frame around the picture. I made a wedding quilt with her color as the frame This doesn't iron on there is no sticky on the back. There is an iron on for t shirts in the same brand
I did not....
No
Yes it is. Just make sure if you are looking for transfer kind you get that one. The one I got is great but it's for quilts and I'm sewing it on tshirts.
Yes....but you will need to seal your fabric over after the image is printed as it will not hold! I covered mine with a gel medium and that worked, but an ink jet is definitely better!
Yes, rolled up on the inside of the tube holding the fabric there is a sheet of paper giving you instructions on how to use the photofabric with your inkjet printer.
I also waited a day. I heat set it after it dried and then I rinsed it in cold water and heat set it again!
I have never washed it. Sorry.
Have not used it yet. Good luck!
I am not sure of your question. The material is like any other. You can apply the material to shirt by sewing it or adhesive.
You don't feed the entire roll. You can cut it to any length up to 11" long, making it the same size as standard paper, if that's the maximum size that your printer will handle. You save on waste, by being able to cut smaller lengths, as necessary. I usually print my design out in a trial run, in greyscale, or draft mode, on regular paper, to see how large the design is, then cut the fabric appropriately. Hope this answers your question.
Its simple. Cut a strip, dip it I'm water for a few second, shake off the excess water, apply it and smooth it out. I love this stuff
The packaging did not specify but they have a website liste in the packaging called www.castingkeepsakes.com. You may be able to find out there.
I just dump the water on my lawn and rinse out the residual.
I have not. I have used it as a substrate for encaustic work. Good luck with your project.
One but it goes a long way. I made three 5-inch sculptures with it and still have plenty left. I really like the product.
I didn't try to cut it after it dried. I wet it and then put it over a aluminum foil sculpture. It worked great!
I used this to make hand casts, don't think just one of this sized rolls would work for more than one face
Skin sensitivity can vary and plaster (or any gypsum product) can irritate skin with prolonged exposure (most commonly by drying out the skin). It is recommended to use a skin barrier such as petroleum jelly or other thick lotion type substance before applying bandages. This also helps it from sticking to hair. The concerns you've heard about are probably related to the exothermic reaction of plaster. While plaster is reacting with water, it heats up. However, the small amounts of plaster (gypsum) in bandages heats up almost unnoticeably. Never immerse any part of your body directly into liquid gypsum.
More important than the material, is the needle and the thread. You need to use either size 16 or 18 needle for denim and heavy materials. Slow down the speed when sewing, this is not the top of the line, heavy duty machine. Going too fast can break needles, thread, even gears inside.
I think the biggest difference is the 4-step buttonholer on this machine and the 10 stitches versus the one-step buttonholer and 25 stitches on the 2600. The stitch length, width and thread tension are also preset for you on the lower end model. It's worth the $16 for the high end model because 4-step buttonholer is a pain and requires a lot of patience. Also, if there is no stitch or thread tension adjustments you can make yourself, you are stuck trying to work around problem materials on the machine without any way of adjusting the machine.
The bobbin is filled in the "traditional" way -- not in the bobbin case. You put the bobbin on the little post on the right on the top of the machine, push it to the right to disengage the needle from going up and down, thread the thread through the hole in the top of the bobbin, and start the machine. When the bobbin is full, you remove it and put it in the bobbin case, beneath the plate by the presser foot, and return the bobbin-winding post to the left position, which re-engages the sewing action.
Yes.
Oh My Goodness, easy, easy, easy and fast...This is the only machine that I can actually use self threading...I'm with you with the eyesight problem...but I tell you, that is one of my best features for me because I can't see those darn small needles but yes its very easy to do on this model
You can sew denim, but only two layers, and never try to hem over the heavy flat-felled side seams of ready made jeans. That is too heavy for this machine. But for the two layers, use a heavy duty thread and a heavy needle, size 16 or even a size 18. These are not special needles, just heavier ones available at stores, and wouldn't come in your spare needle pack with the machine.
I purchased extra bobbins and needles.
The model will work but try changing the needle to fit the fabric
This maching has only minimal programmed functions, so only basic pattern work can be accomplished. This machine would not serve well as embroidery project machine.
I think you should be all set with this machine. The bobbins and everything you need to get started should be included. This machine is easy to operate and thread. Best of luck! This is great for a first time buyer.
I have no idea whether they would be food safe. They are not high relief or rigid, so I don't think they would be very good at making an impression in something as thick as fondant.
I use them with crayons and pencils for my elementary students when we study life science/math. We identify and describe patterns and the kids make an animal skins book.
I wouldn't want to try. They'd probably crack.
I would say like 1 1/2 or 2" and 60
The shoe lace on my sketchers would not go thru the holes and all the holes on the buttons are the same. I don't know if kids shoe laces are smaller, but mine did not go but 1/16" in the hole. Hope this helps.
Yes I used a dog tag chain. Plenty of room
No, the holes aren't big enough
Red, orange, yellow, pink, dark pink, green, light green, blue, purple, white and black. But each package is different. I only got the light green and dark pink after a second purchase.
Seems to be random. I ended up with quite a few triangles, squares and circles but only one or two hearts and no pentagons.
About 2"
Nickle and Quarter size, if that helps.
we have not changed our price
Sorry, I didn't count them and have shared them so I can't go back. For sure more than 100.
As long as the chalkboard has been primed with chalk prior, they do.
Not as fine as a sharp tipped sharpie marker.
Yes..however, some colors might be brighter than others.
Yes. We use them on dark blue. They show up well and erase easily.
They are water soluable. I use them on my bathroom mirror and wash them right off with Windex so I'm going to assume yes on the windshield
They should be able to. I use them on a plastic LED Message board from Spencer's with no issues. Just wet whatever you're using to erase them afterwards.
I think they would work on a fluorescent board: they wipe off with a wet cloth and the paint is smooth on application.
No
It has a spot to grab it (think car door handle like) but not a handle like on say a lunchbox. Hope that helps!
Yes it is perfect for 12x12 paper!
12 3/4 x 13 1/4
Oops. This case is different than the one I store my 11 X 14 art paper inside. This particular case is a very tight fit for 11 X 14 paper, and I would not use it for that purpose. A better case for that is http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005P1S7NQ which has sloping sides so you'd need to put something smaller under the paper but that one accomodates 11 X 14 paper in the top half of the compartment.
Yes, you can put letter sized manilla folders in this box. It has room enough and to spare for several folders, final quantity depending on how thick your stack of papers happens to be. I consider the box to be too large for that purpose though, because there is room enough for loose contents to slide out of such folders. If your papers are fastened into the folders, then the box might suit your purpose.
In the product details you can find the Product Dimensions: 2 x 14.2 x 15.5 inches. This is the outside dimensions of the case. I assume you're more interested in the inside dimensions; but I have not measured the case inside. I use it to hold a variety of things, all related to doing embroidery. The largest item I store there is my 12 inch diameter embroidery hoop. I cannot put another embroidery hoop of the same size on top of the four already in the case because it would not close and latch, but a hoop smaller than my 6 inch one would nest inside the others. Due to the way the handle is formed, you won't be able to fit anything much larger than 12X12 paper inside. Because of the slim design, nothing much deeper than 1.5 inches would fit.
I really like mine. Good size and quality.
It doesn't specify.
Yes, this is a great paper to start with! There are higher quality watercolor papers available, but this paper is just fine for the beginner.
9" x 12"
When you push the trigger down air is let out pulling back on the trigger should release the water. if this does not happen unscrew the back end of the brush and loosen the retaining ring for the needle and adjust the needle till the right flow is obtained. Trigger down in forward position no flow as you pull the trigger back flow should increase. hope this helps
You have to thin it down. I use a ratio of 1 part paint to 3 parts thinner.
ojait2 The brush comes with instructions if you are at all familiar with double action air-brush, they are all basically the same. good for small work. Will need air compressor with adjustable pressure. Also look at Badger air brushs
Absolutely that us how we are using it for Stage Makeup, works wonderfully
no, the compressor is not included
Trigger breaks pretty easy, the plunger valve or the air supply sticks on occasion, keep it clean. I have found parts for this specific air brush, but I found a badger brush that looks almos identical... I ordered parts for the badger and they worked on this one.
Usually its the troubleshoot. The trigger may need replaced
I am so sorry it took so long to reply. I gave this as a gift & I tried to contact the person, but was unable to. So, I do not have an answer for you-I am sorry.
one a week
I had issues after I took apart the gun for cleaning, I had the tip screwed in too tight. Try loosening it and it should work
The machine has 3 straight stitch settings, 6 stitches per inch, 10-11/inch and 18/inch. If I need to baste, I just use the 6 stitches per inch and loosen the tension slightly so I can pull the threads out when I am done. Hope that helps!
I use it for thick layers. I take it to quilting class and I just finished a denim quilt made from old jeans
I guess it's normal. I use mine for quilt piecing and I have done some machine quilting on it. It seems to respond according to the pressure you put on the foot pedal. I love it. I have an electronic very high end machine I use for embroidery, etc. but this little guy is perfect for take along and quilting. Hope this helps. Mary
The Gem Gold is 13"x11"x6" and weighs 11 lbs. Perfect for 'taking along' to quilting meetings or classes.
No, it doesn't. I ordered a cover for mine. I ordered one on Amazon. Mine zips and has a handle where I can easily move it from one room to another. I looked at the measurements of the sewing machine and made sure the cover was larger.
Yes, when you turn the machine on it lights up, it is the most wonderful little sewing machine, I am really enjoying it.
I'm not sure but I was told about 12 lbs. It is easy to pack around
The bobbin loads from the side not from the top.
the machine weighs 11 lbs. my repair man said it wouldn't sew thru heavy weight or layers, but it sews fine thru 2 layers of cotton with batting or a heavy interface. I love it!
No it does not
The dye is only suitable for non synthetic fabrics, a 50/50 poly cotton blend yes, fully poly no. Cotton that has not been treated is its primary use. You might consider using fabric spray paint dye, which will bond with synthetic fabrics. Any item you dye should be left to air dry for a few days, then you can wash it alone, it will bleed for the first few washed like a new pair of jeans. Also keeping the dye mix in a bucket and redying an item after its washed once, then repeating the process may be needed as the item may lighten, black is a dark color. So for any synthetic or polyester fabric spray paint is the way to go.
There are a number of interesting you tube videos that are very helpful. However, the color and the type of fabric that you are dying is critical. The closer that the fabric that you are dying is too 100 % natural fibers, like cotton or linen, the better the dye will take. The closer the color is the white the better it will take. I doubt that you can dye polyester. I think that the faded levis that I dyed are a good example. After dying, the blue part of the levi looked blue, but the white parts (these were very faded) on the seams etc. were almost as dark as the blue parts. The inside part of the pockets (white, but not cotton) came out a faded light blue and the orange stitching looked very orange. I hadn't even realized that the levis had orange stitching.
Yes I did, and will never do it again. Eventually after about 10 washes the navy dye I used faded from the machine. I complained to dylon and they sent me two items to get the colour from a wash I run after using the dye and looked very grubby. It did help but I did lose some items because they were really dull in colour. Just to let you know I would never use it again in any washing machine
liquid, FOR SURE
One should be enough.
It is a powder. I really can't say how it will work on canvas. It worked fine on muslin and there has been no color washout. Still dark black which was what was wanted.
that was not a requirement per the directions.
oh no...If they are small try a red permanent or paint marker close in color, if large spots... paint black or white with paint all over carpet, make squares, flowers, or swirls or western brands.
I used it on a cloth cap and, thus far, have had no problems. Now, to be fair, I DID wash the cap a few times right after dyeing in a cold wash to avoid bleed out.
I know I read on one of the sites that you can mix colors (try Dylon's web site, it might be there).
The dye is only suitable for non synthetic fabrics, a 50/50 poly cotton blend yes, fully poly no. Cotton that has not been treated is its primary use. You might consider using fabric spray paint dye, which will bond with synthetic fabrics. Any item you dye should be left to air dry for a few days, then you can wash it alone, it will bleed for the first few washed like a new pair of jeans. Also keeping the dye mix in a bucket and redying an item after its washed once, then repeating the process may be needed as the item may lighten, black is a dark color. So for any synthetic or polyester fabric spray paint is the way to go.
There are a number of interesting you tube videos that are very helpful. However, the color and the type of fabric that you are dying is critical. The closer that the fabric that you are dying is too 100 % natural fibers, like cotton or linen, the better the dye will take. The closer the color is the white the better it will take. I doubt that you can dye polyester. I think that the faded levis that I dyed are a good example. After dying, the blue part of the levi looked blue, but the white parts (these were very faded) on the seams etc. were almost as dark as the blue parts. The inside part of the pockets (white, but not cotton) came out a faded light blue and the orange stitching looked very orange. I hadn't even realized that the levis had orange stitching.
Yes I did, and will never do it again. Eventually after about 10 washes the navy dye I used faded from the machine. I complained to dylon and they sent me two items to get the colour from a wash I run after using the dye and looked very grubby. It did help but I did lose some items because they were really dull in colour. Just to let you know I would never use it again in any washing machine
liquid, FOR SURE
One should be enough.
It is a powder. I really can't say how it will work on canvas. It worked fine on muslin and there has been no color washout. Still dark black which was what was wanted.
that was not a requirement per the directions.
oh no...If they are small try a red permanent or paint marker close in color, if large spots... paint black or white with paint all over carpet, make squares, flowers, or swirls or western brands.
I used it on a cloth cap and, thus far, have had no problems. Now, to be fair, I DID wash the cap a few times right after dyeing in a cold wash to avoid bleed out.
I know I read on one of the sites that you can mix colors (try Dylon's web site, it might be there).
No, Don't waste your money!
The bobbins are medal ones not plastic. So depends on your sewing machine. I just use them for thread .
Yes
I bought a Brother Project Runway 70 decorative stitches from Amazon. Do not know the part number but the bobbin fits. there is not a lot of thread on the spool but the prewound bobbin, the bobbin itself with the matching thread was a pretty good deal I thought
Very flimsey tray!
Mel, This is only a guess, I will get back to you with details. Bobbin is 3/4 full. I am guessing cotton, it's very soft. I will be using on a project soon and can check back in. I think this set it something that you would use for a repair or a small bit of work. Not much on the spindle and they are paper tubes. Best part was 64 wound bobbins.
It will work since they are metal and look like the ones I used for my older machines
Yes they will! I've put them on my machine and my aunt's Brother Sewing Machine and work just fine. I hope you will buy the Thread and Bobbin Kit because you won't be sorry!
There is no mention of the manufacturer or even that it is made in the USA. The thread looks and feels just like any of my other thread.
There is no specific diameter that it cannot cut. Templates are always valuable in this respect, though. There are many templates available - especially if can get access to drafting or art supply outlets. If not, one can conceivably be creative and make/or use ones own template. As mentioned in a prior answer, this "gadget" is a freeform cutter; can only cut thin sheets of paper and requires a bit of practice to be able to cut "clean" circles (or any other shape, for that matter).
Although we have only used them to cut card stock, it seems they would be able to cut fabric.
I have never had this problem. Sorry, I couldn't be of more help. Are you using it freehand or with a template?
I'm not sure but it barely works with fiskers templates so I doubt that it will work well with another brand. Personally this item was a waste of money. I love fiskers scissors and have always been happy with their products until purchasing this item
I am not experienced enough to know. Sorry. Also due to my lack of experience I did not have very good luck with this. I used the board that came with my Cuttlebug.
Full size
Just about any size you want..... To make smaller type hairbows I use the mini version! This size is great for presents, wreaths, etc!
Yes it works well with wired and unwired ribbons.
I haven't work with the Zutter bow but I know this does the job for me!
if you mean "can you make velvet bows?" yes
I am not familiar with that system. I am a total novice at making bows which is why I got the machine. Sorry I can't help.
The 1/16" makes a big difference. The eyelet might not be set evenly or soundly with that much of a difference.
The hole punch and eyelet sizes are 1/16, 1/8 and 3/16
It will set the grommets or eyelets however the hole punch is not sharp enough to make a clean hole in fabric. You may want to create the whole with fabric/tailors awl.
I don't understand what the question is.
Honestly I don't know. I bought it about 3 years ago...if that helps you! I certainly didn't get all the extras here.
Yes they are. But it all depends on you and you skills. While this machine is small/portable, it can perform well above its size.
Yes
There is no adaptor. It uses batteries on
I'm not sure. So frustrated I put it in the box for Good Will. Hope whoever gets it likes it better then I did!!!!
No
Yes it does I can cut 2 pieces at a time with it. You will love it.
The white base plate measures 5" x 5.5", the dies that fit it are smaller. Compared to other machines the dies are small.
Unlike the Cricut that will allow you to program various sizes, the Sizzix machine utilizes dies to cut out shapes. Sizzix offers a variety of circle sizes, but the closest to 4.25" would be one that is 4". You can check it out at: www.sizzix.com Hope that helps.
Not certain, as I have not tried it. My friend that does own the Big Shot, said that you could use the smaller (not thinner) dies in both machines.
I don't know with this machine. I think the newer ones have more die cuts pre made to choose from. This machine works like a champ
This uses dies, they probably have a square die. I would not buy this style, it's really outdated. You need one of the big shot or big kick. There's no end to the shapes they cut.
The dies for this machine do not fit in the Sidekick. Using an adapter, you can you Sidekick dies in this machine.
No you need one of the roller style machines, such as the big shot.
Yes it is sold separately but I do not see it available on Amazon at this time.
14" x 5 1/2 x 1. I carry about 30 brushes & it keeps them intact & safe.
No. They are securely glued in.
No brushes! It's just the box.
20 brushes total, 10 on each side.
Sorry just saw this message. The answer is yes
1/8" inch thick acrylic
The sides of the #43 template are 2" (plus seam allowance), so from side to side it would measure 4" (plus seam allowance).
Finished sizes...yes.
3-1/8" (includes seam allowance) or 2-5/8"+a hair (finished size). (My ruler only had 1/8" measurements, but it looked like it would be 2-43/64") The side measurements are the important ones and they are 1" finished for the 3 short sides and 2" finished for the two legs.
It should be permanent once dry. Good luck with your project!
I have not had to but since this is an oil based paint marker I'd be willing to bet paint remover would do it. Might also be able to use Nail polish remover. Just need to be careful as both of these chemicals may damage the thing you painted especially plastics.
The markers should have an "AP" in a circle on the barrel. The seal and the wording can be very small on the fine markers, but this AP seal signifies the ACMI non-toxic certification.
Depending on the surface it could take a while. I did a few things than let them set. The following day I placed a plastic coffee cup in the dish washer to wee what would happen and it stayed on the cup through several washings and that was without the baking like on the ceramic cups.
I just took a candle to my craft room and the Sharpie Oil based Pen wrote on it beautifully. I bought them to sign my oil paintings with but they do not write as thin as I wanted them to. I am looking for oil based pens with a lot smaller writing tip.. Don't get me wrong, these are small, just not as small as I wanted them to be.
Not that I know of.
Hey Eileen- I'm not sure exactly which aspect of 'safe' you're looking for but i baked a plate that i had drawn on with an oil based sharpie- the only issue i had was that the deaign came out kind of speckled but since it was uniform throughout the design it was kinda cool, i haven't tried it again to see if it was a fluke or not- i've read that using the oil sharpies then baking makes the plates food & dishwasher safe- i don't know how true that is, but i've read it several places. I found your question because i'm making wine glasses tomorrow- some places say bake them & one said the heat will cause it to break-- i guess i'll find out tomorrow!! I hope this helped!
I haven't. I use them as a resist for my etching. They stay on the copper long enough for the acid I use to do it's work, which is usually close to an hour. Hope this helps. Dawn
Truthfully I'm not sure. I use them mostly for a resist when I am etching copper. I have used them to decorate acrylic glasses and I have used them on iron. So far everything I have used them on I have not had any issues with them. Just remember to shake them well before using them. Oh yea, I did have one issue. I needed to reshake one of them and got sidetracked and forgot to put the cap on. Remember to re-cap when shaking. lol I'm laughing now, but it wasn't so funny when I did it. Other than that I love these markers and will get more when they run out. Hope this helps.
You only get ONE Pen!
Through Amazon, it is per pen. I buy these pens through Accugraphics plus, better deal on this item.
Just ONE! plus you pay A LOT for shipping! It is a rip off!
It is .6 mm.
What do you mean, you can't answer that question. You expect someone to pay $25.26 not knowing whether there is ONE pen in the box, versus 100 pens? C*R*A*Z*Y
The are 12 markers in the package.
This is what the Brother website has listed for compatibility: For Use With: PC-8500D, PC6500, SE270D, PR-600, PE170D, PR600II, Innov-s 4000D, Innov-s 500D, PC-7000, PC-7500, PC-8200, PE-100, PE-150, PE150V, PE180D, PE-200, PE-270D, PE-300S, PE-400D, ULT-2001, Innov-s 4000DLTD, PE-190D, ULT2003D, ULT-2002D, ULT-2001N, Super Ace I, PC-8500, Innov-s 1000, Innov-s 1500D, Innov-s 2500D, PR620, Duetta 4500D, Innov-s 1200, PE750D, PE700, Innov-s 900D, SE350, PE700II, Quattro 6000D, LB6770 PRW, PE780D, Innov-s 2800D, Innov-s 1250D, PE770, Entrepreneur PR650, Innov-s 950D, Quattro 2 6700D, Isodore Innov-s 5000, Entrepreneur PR650e, LB6800PRW, PE500, Simplicity SB7050E, Duetta 2 4750D, DreamWeaver XE VM6200D, HE1, Entrepreneur PR655, Quattro 3 Trilogy Limited Edition Innov-s 6750D, Designio DZ820E, LB6800THRD, PR-655C, DreamCreatorXE VM5100
I also have a PC8500. I think you misunderstood how this PED-basic works. Our 8500, unlike newer models, has no USB port or floppy disc slot or a CD slot. The only way to use embroidery designs is if they are on the small 2" square card that fits into the side of the machine. This software doesn't need a floppy drive - it comes on a CD-ROM. The little box and USB cable takes embroidery patterns from the internet or from a CD on your computer and writes it to the Brother card that will work in your 8500. This enables you to use any .pes designs that are online or that are on CD's. It opens up a whole new world of designs, where in the past, we could only use the $60+ cards made by Brother. I'm going to buy one!
It should be similar to the magic box, but only does PES. It comes with an installation disk which should work on most computers.
I have 2 Brother emb machines and the PED is compatible with both, whether the machine uses a card or a flash drive - use both.
no, this program is to load patterns to card to be put in the machine. I have had the same problem with some patterns, depending on who I purchase them from. The only thing I can come up with is that depending on what program they use to write the pattern with and what I have on my computer, if they aren't the same, i have problems. however, I have found that if I save the pattern as I download as a 7-zip file, then open as a 7-zip and extract it to save to my "embroidery file", if I connect my machine by usb to the computer, I am able to load the pattern to my machine and use it. I save it to the machine, and am able to use files that won't open in my brother ped system. I have a friend who showed me how to use ped, and she has a computer with vista like I do, and she didn't have the same problem with opening from some vendors, and the only solution was praying and playing with the system until God helped me figure out how to make it work. Lots of tears of frustration before then. If you don't have 7zip on your computer, you can download for free, just be careful of all the extra stuff included, I declined all the other stuff as it popped up. I also went to default programs and set all of the zip files and pes to open with 7 zip after I downloaded it, and have been able to accomplish!
Will what work with the se-400?
I'm not completely sure this will totally answer your question, but if you check out StitchBuddy stitchbuddy.de) it works natively on Macs: Although it doesn't provide digitizing, it helps you to organize, merge, and modify designs, and there's a free trial with with all features available for download. Maybe there are more specific answers to your problem there? Hope this helps:)
As long as your Babylock machine uses cards and uses the PES file format. Sure!
I used PED Basic with my Brother In novas 1000, hope this helps
There is a box in the left-hand corner to change the format of the designs I will check to see if Bernina is included. You can design on whatever soft ware you have and save so it will be one the file and open it on ESL and add lettering, etc.
I am no thread expert but there is a difference. This is polyester layered over polyester. 100% cotton thread has a different feel to it. I would suggest going to Hobby Lobby, Walmart, Joann Fabric or any other craft store and feel for yourself the difference between the coats and clark brand and other brands. Even though this is less expensive, in the long run it's more costly because it runs out quickly and it breaks, tangles, snags in your machine and almost all the time during hand sewing so you are basically using more thread and having to discard much of this thread. You get what you pay for. Coats and Clark is not the company it used to be. Now, all of their threads are made in Mexico. Cheap labor and sub-standard material. Hope this helps.
I use it on nearly everything--including jersey. it seems course, but I have never had any problems with it.
That's exactly what I used it for. No sewing machines here... Just needed good thread for mending little hem tears, etc.
No it does not include a #6 round brush. It includes a #2 and #4 round brush, a #0 liner, 3/4" wash, 1/4" angle, #2 shader and a #6 shader.
The brushes range from 6 to 8 inches in length.
Taklon Synthetic
Nylon bristles, wood type handle. I've used them in classroom setting and am very happy with them. Easy to clean. Hope this helps you...
No but the wooden handles did come out of the metal ferrules on the brushes from my set.
The packaging does not mention use with oil paint. It says, watercolor, acrylic or tempra which are all water soluble. Generally oil brushes are more stiff and the bristles may be glued with a different medium to with stand the oils and thinners used for oil painting.
think steel
Yes
Yes it is a nice budget set for watercolor painting.
United States
The measurement from neck to waist is adjustable. You adjust this measurement between the upper torso and the lower torso.
I don't know what size it corresponds to, but the dummy's measurements are 40-30-40 inches. Hope this helps.
Yes you can. Lift the form off the stand. Look inside and you will see metal slats pull each connection until you get the length you need. The only thing wrong with doing this, is there becomes a gap and can not pin in this area. I had to adjust mine about 2 inches it is very tight and can be hard to do.
No.
Yes, I used this to make dresses for my daughter who is larger than I am. I pinned some fleece fabric to it and shaped it to match her figure. You can use any thick fabric or even batting. I just had the fleece on hand. In her case, I was able to make the bust line smaller, so that the under-bust would be her size. Then I got a bra in her size, put it on the form and filled it to fit her. It worked great. Since you can put pins in the form, it is easy to pad it.
yes it does
You could probably use it to help with the waist but nothing with an inseam
The neck is 15" I think, the bust/back is 44", the waist 38", the hips 44". I'm not proportionate to all these measurements. I should have gotten the XL. This is my first dress form and I can still use it but need to adjust.
18/20
The ring should come off as needed. I'm afraid you May have cross threaded it. Gently but firmly try to loosen it so you don't break it. If that doesn't work I would find a way to put the question in to Singer. Oh heat May help too. Like a microwave wet towel or heating pad wrapped around it for a bit, but nothing hotter.
Bust 33" to 39" Waist 25" to 31-1/2" Hip 34" to 40" If you're within those measurements in all categories, then a medium should work just fine. Rather than looking at "sizes," it's best to look at the actual measurements that the dress form can be adjusted to. And if you have one measurement that falls out of the ranges given above, it's probably best to order a size up or down respectively, as there is a bit of overlap on the extremes of each size. For example, the large can be sized down to the upper range of the medium.
This adjust from front to back, meaning chest to back. There is no way to adjust from the neck to shoulder.
Hi I didn't find it so because I use glass headed colorful pins. But I also had put white material around the top because I have a Dcup, so either color I could see colored pins. Best wishes
One inch can be a significant difference in clothing; however, if that is the only difference, I would seriously consider purchasing this. Ask yourself this: how tight do you want your clothing? If you can guarantee your measurements will never change and you want it skin-tight then do not make the purchase because you will be seriously disappointed but if you are like the rest of the world, I would buy it.
Bust ...46" waist...37" hips...46" However you can add to it even more if need be. With foam and or batting. Even a simple stuffed bra can work.
Well what size are you? Measure your bust, hips and waist, then match the ones in the description. I'm usually an XL so this one worked for me.
The description given in the listing is very accurate. Each size is only adjustable within a specific range. I bought the large size. I am a plus size, but I just pad the areas where I need a larger size than the dress form will give me. So many people are large these days that I would opt for a large dress form, unless your clientele are very small.
My Medium works well for me and I usually vary in "store" sizes from an 8, 10 or even 12's. I'm reasonably sure16-22 wouldn't be a "medium"...but you never know with sizes. At 5' tall I've worn everything from a 2 (from Norstrom's) to 14/16 (Thrift store purchases). Best way to see if it's the correct size for you would be to "dress" the form in one of your best fitting outfits.
Well, the base has four fairly large stabilizer bars that I think hold it really very well, the only thing that wobbles is the actual form on the pole kind of wiggles. I think if your wings are super super heavy you could always drop a couple sand bags on the legs but chances are I think you'd be fine. Good luck.
This dress form adjusts from size 10 to 16 - so it would work for an 11 -
If you're cosplaying them both in the same day and you wash it off, I would recommend two just in case. But if you're being (for example) nepeta for two days and sollux for one of the days, you would only need one! One thing of snazaroo can go a long way. I would suggest two because if you're painting your arms, it would be a good precautionary measure. You'd definitely have some left over, though.
Yes. A little goes a long way! One container was enough for me and a friend to do all of what you just mentioned.
i am Latino, and it looked fine on my skin. no weird miscoloration. the paint is pretty pigmented and non see-through, so as far as I know you shouldn't have any problems. :)
Mind stayed on decently well but I did a slight coat of baby powder to make sure I didn't stick. If you might be sweating a bit is get the sealer but if not you should be fine
It holds up well for the first few hours however once you start to sweat it does rub off. It's not terrible, and it does wash out with soap and water but its definitely not sweat proof.
I do not believe there is an expiration as there is nothing listed on the package. I use it when attending football games and use it for several years as long as the container is kept closed. They come in small, round plastic containers with lids to keep them from drying out.
Thank you for checking with us. Standard shipping to New Jersey would be 3-5 business days by Fed-Ex.
Yes, 18 ml should do the job. Blick Art Materials does ship to Israel, although we can't speak for other Amazon sellers.
It actually works pretty nice, although it's water based. Try to make the layer thinner, and use baby power after to make it settle, so it'll be set.
It will stay on your lips as long as they AREN'T licked. Water takes it off.
I would call it a thick cream...but yes, I used water for application. It went on really smooth, dried and did not crack. We loved it.
Yes! There is so much paint in it! I have covered my face and arms in grey nearly 7 times and have barely made a dent!!
you can purchase the yellow Snazaroo paint or you can mix some tempra paint in it to make the yellow. I would suggest adding some lotion to it as well, small amount, to help it wash off easier! Hope this helps! Good luck with that cutie costume!
Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize we are unable to ship internationally at this time through Amazon. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.
I added a tiny bit of water to make application easier. It does dry quickly even with added water. I did white and then painted black zebra stripes and it worked very well!
I don't mime, but you might look for something better. this is very tricky to get a consistent even coat of, but it's a good product and this container goes a long way.
The only way to guarantee it arriving before next Wednesday is if you order from us directly (www.dickblick.com) and pay for FedEx Fast 2 Day Shipping.
Snazaroo does not make a color in this line of face paint called Carmine. Bright Red would be as close to Carmine as this line offers.
We put our 42 inch flatscreen TV and a sound bar on it. Weight should not be an issue. We did anchor it to the wall so that no one could pull the TV over.
Solid wood well build and finished every part of it. Alex Pandi
I have no any wobbly problem with my easel
It's very easy to fold up and store under a bed. I leave mine up since the loft area in my home is my studio where I paint and write. It's actually a beautiful piece of furniture and looks rich in any room. Plus, what I really like is the fact that you can move your canvas up or down depending on how you like to paint. I like to sit on a chair and stand when I need to paint something at the top. I think anyone looking for a French style easel would love this one, plus the price is absolutely affordable and lots less than you would pay in a brick and mortar store. Hope this helps! Good luck.
Yes.
I am able to tilt mine back pretty far, enough for a loose water color, really wish I could upload a photo to show you.
The box I received said made in Brazil.
No.
1'9''x4'9"x4.5" FYI in case this is a gift: the mfg's label on the outside of the box clearly shows the contents.
Oh yes. I use it for display and other art activity. It is nice looking enough to put in any room.
I have been using it for a number of years.....I like it, and it works well.
It is a very lightweight oil. Not sure I can share a numeric value with you. But I use it on electric razors.
do not know for sure... probably because sewing machines have plastic parts.
I wouldnt drink it, but its in contained area that isnt where you would put your clothes or skin, so i deem it safe because of that
No. The sheet will not tuck under. Have you already made the purchase? If not, read the reviews.
I have not. I slept on it for 3 weeks during my move and reinflated it every night and never had a burning smell. It did require reinflation every night though as it did lose 30-40 % of the air every night but it remained comfortable
78 inches (6 feet plus 6 inches)
There is a 90 day limited warranty from the date of purchase. If there are any defects found within the 90 day warranty, you must contact an Intex service center that is found in your manual.
90 days through Intex directly. Make sure you save the box and bed for warranty.
I did not notice an odor on our bed or if I did it's not offensive to me.
size blown up = 79x60x20 inches - use queen size sheets- etc. .. be careful if you have cats around and they like to clean their claws....
Yep
That's weird, there was just a new vinyl smell with mine and that didn't last long.
I do not know--unsure--unable to locate paperwork at this time. Sorry.
Yes
They are made in China. However they are of better quality and better material then the old curve set.
They are made in China. However they are of better quality and better material then the old curve set.
Hello At this time we don't offer shipping to New Zealand through Amazon. Thank You Du-All Drafting & Art Supply
I've used it on fabrics but, like most acrylics, it will get really stiff and maybe crack. Mix it with some fabric medium and it should work fine. I love these paints. Good for all kinda of painting projects.
Naphthol Crimson, Phthaloyanine Green, Cadmium Yellow Medium Hue, Ultramarine Blue, Titanium White, and Mars Black.
4oz tubes .
Yes it will wash out easy. If it was oil based it would not but acrylic cleans up with soap and water.
This is acrylic latex paint. For "indoor rocks" it should be fine, just clean the rocks well, and let them dry. But latex is water soluable, so exterior use would degrade rapidly, unless you use a spar varnish or polyurethane spray topcoat. n Even then, the UV rays from the sun will fade them in a year or 2.
Liquitex actually makes an airbrush medium.http://www.amazon.com/Liquitex-Professional-Airbrush-Effects-Medium/dp/B001US2NQA
Yes, you can use these on glass, however, no regular acrylic paint will be permanent and cannot be baked on. This paint is not made to stay on if washed. A permanent, low-fire glaze, Pebeo Porcelaine, is the correct paint for permanency on glass. There are other brands which also bake on, but this one I have used for many years with great success.
It wont hurt you but if you're looking for body paint, then no, this is regular acrylic paint that will stick to skin but rolls or peels right off when it's dry. You would need paint specifically made for skin for that kind of use.
Absolutely! These are acrylic, which should paint nicely onto plastic or vinyl. You may want to apply a clear top coat to protect the finish when done and prep your piece by roughing it up slightly with some medium sandpaper, which will help the paint adhere.
This paint is rather thick like pudding out of the tube and it is opaque. I think it is the best value paint that I have used.
Yes - a pretty darn cool one. It has regular handle straps (like you see in the photo). But, the cool part is, you can unsnap the handles and then snap the opposite ones together and it makes one, long, shoulder strap. I have to carry a lot of other stuff - including pushing a cart along in front of me - so this shoulder strap makes all the difference. My teaching partner had this product and when I saw how easy it was, I just had to have my own. The fabric is very sturdy. I can fit all my large easel boards in this thing - and my large easel. Soft sided but durable. Hope this helps!
Yes, it's got a velcro closure. It is small
I use it to carry a table top display as I lost the original carrying case. The Prestige carry all is sturdy and large and I can easily envision it carrying a fairly large framed painting. Hope this helps a bit.
Yes, exactly what I used it for! I put a piece of thin wood (think called Luan board) in the bottom and put all paper items to be stored on top. It fits under a queen size bed flat also.
No There is no window. It is strictly carry and or protection. It works well to carry from studio to client and preliminary appointments.
Yes. This bag is HUGE. My wife uses it and she is not tall enough to carry it by the handles without it dragging. She is 5' 6". Just FYI
My best guess is that it will expand to at least 3 and up to 3 3/4 inches.
Sorry, I use it to carry large posters for presentations...no artwork.
No
No it doesn't.
they are small. A little bit larger than a tennis ball
They are, essentially, all different - even the ones that are similar in texture are still different from one another in size and pattern. :o)
When wet, these sponges are very soft. I purchased for painting, but probably can be used for any application.
They are comparable to the sponges you get in the stores. They are more dense. I use them for clay work but I think they are soft enough to use. They have different sea sponges in the package. They are not all the same. I loved mine but did not use them for my face. I wish I could give you a clearer answer..
Hello! Not sure if it is or not. I bought for a craft project. They are not soft dry.
There are 12 pencils, one of each kind: 8B-6B-4B-2B-HB-F-H-2H-Charcoal 2B-Charcoal 4B-Charcoal 6B-Sketch Stick 6B. "B" stands for "black" or "soft"; "H" stands for "hard"; "F" is an intermediate between HB and H.
YES !!! It seems these items can be used by ANYONE who desires to (age appropriate - of course); whether professional and/or personal/hobby use. I have found a local source to purchase my supplies as pencils can break easily if not protected for shipping properly; they are reasonably priced as well. I do study professional drafting/engineering drawings as well; as I am making this a desired career path (free-lance work). And yes, I do love to draw (free-hand sketching), as a hobby. Lesson(s) learned as it is a BUYER BEWARE world out there !!! One can not base their purchase on economic basis alone.
A kneaded eraser is a far step up from the traditional eraser. You can erase with more precision and less "crumbs" from a traditional eraser. It also gives you the ability to have a professional look to your drawings.
Its not really made to be kept in there, but I use mine as a container. So, yes its also a container where you can keep it organized.
I had that question too. My art instructor states the sketch stick is a sketching pencis that has no wood; therefore, does not need any sharpening. It is a solid piece of graphite.
Yes, I believe it is reliable.
I think so.
This is a really great pencil set. My daughter draws in pencil only and absolutely loved this set ... has lots of variety and quality set.
Yes! This kit is very good for beginners. I'm a beginner as well and it worked great!
Shading and blending.
No
the shipping cost more than the paper, so blame our great USPS!! Nice stuff though, great feedback on the product. Its just heavy, plus you have to insure it, tracking costs, home delivery costs, etc etc etc. It never ends.
not creased, but smooth. It is blurry, in that there are no sparkles, as some of the other offerings show.
Dear Gerald, I know its hard sometimes the way Amazon has their pages laid out, but if you scroll down the page to the product description, it states: Product Description Measures 7-1/2 inches wide x 150 feet long for small gifts. Hope this helps! Tom
I received 6 (six), but it says that on the description.
Not a picture frame they are about 1in or so thick
It is a pack of 6.
NO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got 4 canvas.. TWO had punctured holes in them. I am in a care home in electric wheelchair and NO way to return them. I spent $500.00 on different things. Asked for two new ones... never got them or response. I will spread the word. I have spent thousands on Amazon.. NO more. I have ALS and painting is only thing I can do at times. I actually cried when I got them, and disappointeed beyond belief. I am 66 with few year's left to paint.
The ones with the crochet I don't like. The ones with the ball, I like better.
From the center of one peg to the center of the next, the distance is approximately 11/16 in (or 17mm).
Hi Ali_R, The smallest loom (orange) has 26 pegs; the next loom (yellow) has 38 pegs; the next loom (green) has 50 pegs and the largest (blue) has 62 pegs. Hopes this helps you in making your decision. Linda
One or two skeins should make a typical scarf. It depends on how wide you want your scarf to be.
I did the research myself and the SEARS website (imagine that) showed the size to be 1/4 inch. What kind of product description doesn't show size? Ridiculous.
I used them on thin aluminum. If you apply enough pressure it should work on metal
Does not correspond to a specific print font, but it is approximately sans serif, close to Gothic.
I don't know. I used them on wood. They were great!
Hardened steel (e.g. High carbon steel) that is harder than the punches' steel will not work, however trailers are usually constructed from mild steel, so these should work okay for mild steel. You should get a visible impression but don't expect the impressions to be very deep. Also, a commonly used alternative is to punch VIN into an aluminum VIN plate and attach that to the trailer with rivets.
Probably closest to Arial capital letters.
Approx 12pt maybe 14. I haven't checked recently
pretty small...don't have them handy...maybe 3/16th inch
I used in cold process and was not a fan. I haven't ever done hot process so I cannot say how they work, but if the poor results I got in the cold process are any indication, I would probably guess they would have the same ending.
Yes, after a few weeks of being wrapped together my blue and red soap made purple at the junction.
Yes they can we are using them for soap and bath bombs.
I didn't see that in the description sorry.
It does not say on the package. I am assuming they are glycerin mixed with alcohol and some kind of artificial color.
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
I don't know about the Singer...but I really like my Dritz My Double. I used a sloper and made it an exact body double with padding. It is stable dressform which I really like.
Well, not actually into the form, it's hard plastic covered by a layer of fabric. You can guide pins under and out the same way you might pin a pattern to your dress fabric. I've found it more practical to cover the entire torso with a snug but stretchy sleeve. It's the easiest way to fill in the form with layers of padding or foam to reflect your exact shape, and it makes pinning easier and faster.
You would not be able to make this adjustment just with the dress form dials.However you could possibly do this with the addition of padding such as the Fabulous Fit system.
It works well. Must be padded to complete the sizing.
You adjust it to your measurement. If you're asking what is the minimum if you don't expand the form, I suggest you contact the company. I found them very helpful
There isn't, unfortunately. And the actual form needs a lot of reshaping.
I, too, covered mine in a tight stretchy knit top and I pin into the shirt. As to the lightness of the form that is what I like about it; it moves easily anywhere in the room. I guess I just am used to it but when I put something on it I am careful not to tip it. I use the form for fit issues with clothing and I use it to hold long items I need to hem like a formal gown; I just take it to its tallest height. When I do this I do put the form in a wide container (like a flower pot) and stuff fabric around it so it is not so tippy while I feed the fabric into my machine. I really like this form. It is the best one I found at such a reasonable price.
Yes, but protect your fingers, the dial knobs are sometimes hard to turn, you will probably spend time until you get the measurements right, but it works, at least for me it did
I don't see any specific adjustment for short or long waists. I think that the only way to get a form that really fits you perfectly is to get one of the kits that basically makes a form based on your body- sort of like paper mache'. On this form I had to put an old stuffed bra on it to get the proportions correct. I have thought of putting a spandex shift on the form and padding it to better mimic my long waisted but low busted shape. good luck.
I am not sure exactly what you mean, but from the edge of the blue felt at the neck band to the shoulder edge is 7", the neck measures 1.5", and from the neck to the shoulder edge is 5.5". Hope this helps! It's a great form
Use with any type of glass
You need to buy some.
I really like the pistol grip glass cutter. It fits the hand and I find I have really good control when cutting stained glass. I love that the oil feeds the wheel and not messy to work with.
The replacement head is the main component of the item, and can be used of different styles of handles.
It will cut the glass but you will have to tap the underside with a metal tapper to break tg e glass...score the mesh with a box cutter
My understanding is that it is designed to be a swivel head.
Used as free hand cutter in stained glass work. Cut well didn't leak. Unfamiliar with Morton system.
A blog from November 2014 actually shows how to do it. It can be found at http://www.eternaltools.com/blog/bottle-cutting-how-to-cut-a-glass-bottle. Good luck!
According to an online glass cutting forum (name unknown), Toyo glass cutter is good for cutting thickness 3-10MM glass and mirror. I have used mine on some of the more dense opaque glasses in stained glass work with success. I hope this helps.
Yes you can - very easily. The handle moves independently from the cutting wheel. At first it will feel like you won't have any control over your direction, but you will actually have more control than a standard cutter.
Yes
The product I purchased was a roll of Paper.
4 ft. wide x 50 ft. When we received it there were 4 this size inside a bigger box. Heavy paper.
48"H x 50'W
Be prepared with more canvases, a bottle of linseed oil for working the paints, and a bucket with thinner for clean-up (I use an odorless turpenoid.) Get more brushes after you have painted a few canvases to know what works best for you.
You also may want a palette for mixing your paints and an easel of some sort for holding your canvas firmly, as you will use a lot of pressure/force with this painting style.
Pthalo blue, bright red, cadmium yellow hue, van Dyke brown, midnight black, alizarin crimson, sap green, titanium white, and of course, a bottle of liquid white!! Hope that helps.
The instruction book says 18"x24".
Cover entire surface with liquid white first, very lightly, I emphasize lightly, then your good to paint. I have used black gesso as a background colour letting it come through the painting giving a nice effect. Difference between liquid white and gesso is the liquid white stays a liquid giving you time to paint with the gesso drying almost as soon as it's applied. Hope this helps. By the way, I love the paints, once you become comfortable it becomes a real joy to paint. Dwayne
The late Bob Ross or rather his company Martin/ F Weber sell a variety of brushes. I have two of about everything including a 1 inch, a 2 inch, a round brush, a couple of fan brushes, a 1 inch bush brush, a liner brush and several palete knives. Just google or bing Bob Ross brushes and you'll find a bunch!
You can buy your odorless paint thinner pretty much anywhere! I have bought it at ACE, Walmart etc. Doesn't really matter, paint thinner is paint thinner.
I doubt you'd get the same effects from paper because of the texture difference. We keep an eye out for sales at Michaels on economy canvas. (they have them often). We've also made our own out of 1by2s and flea market fabric.
2 inch background brush 1 inch landscape brush Number 2 script liner brush Number 6 fan brush Number 10 landscape knife
The oil paints are oil based and need a thinner such as turpenoid (ordorless) or linseed oil to thin (and clean) Acrylic paints are waterbased and thin and clean up with water. The whole Bob Ross painting method is based on painting wet paint into wet paint-in other words, the wet paint does most of the blending work. Acrylic paint dries quickly and even with a retarder or additional medium to slow drying time, must be worked quickly to get the same effects. It is much harder for a beginner to use. If you want to get the same results as the Bob Ross show or the DVD, stick with the oil paints. Always use some form of ventilation when working with any oil based paints.
I have used these on thin socks for my 91 year old mom ... works great. I could never find any non slip that were not really thick .. and our daughter in law told me they are used for their 2 year old's socks. Washes well and does the trick .. she now has flowers and smiley faces on bottom of her socks.
My 3 kids and I use them on everything from t-shirts to school projects. They look great and are easy to use. I definitely recommend them.
Yes, I have used it one a couple glass flower vases and it's worked quite well. Takes at least 4-6 hours to dry. I believe the directions say something about using heat or steam to make it rise more but the way you see it bubbled on the glass is how it will dry.
no, doesn't work on slippers either
We just left it to dry it for about 4 hrs (over night actually).
Yes it does. It's very easy to use. I have a addi knitting machine that I made tube socks with, and used the puff paint on the soles.it worked great. Hope that this helps you.
I've washed my shirts three or four times now and the color doesn't even seem faded! The paint does continue to stick together when folded, but all I have to do is pull it apart and its ready to go.
I used them to decorate pillow cases and they worked well. Haven't washed them multiple times so don't know about that.
It depends on how thick you paint. The thicker the paint the longer the wait. Somewhere around 4 to 12 hours I would guess
Yes. You can close it and reuse the paint.
I used this to rubberize the bottoms of my young kids' socks. I try to leave it for about 48 hours, otherwise the socks start sticking to each other once they're folded together.
I would think so, as long as baby doesn't put it in his/her mouth. Once it dries, turn garment inside-out and it should be safe to wash.
I wouldn't use it on fleece, as I believe it wouldn't soak in to the fabric, and would then easily peel off in the wash (or God forbid, your child peels it off the bootie, sticks it in his/her mouth and chokes on it!)
Yes, they are great for clean lines the tip is very narrow so it is pretty precise. I used them to make non-slid socks for my 2 yr old twins.
Yes, I bought them specifically for decorating the mason jars I keep my kitchen supplies in. As long as you let it dry completely, don't scrub it when you clean, and don't pick it off, it stays pretty nicely (though requires a SUPER steady hand!).
Acrylic paint dries harder. The finished product is stiffer. That might work for some areas on shoes, but you really want fabric paint to decorate fabric that will be worn.
Absolutely! just be sure to tap out the air bubbles before you do it, so you dont make a mess of the graduation cap. (turn the container upside-down with the lid still on and tap it on a hard surface a few times. keep it upside-down until you use it). and make sure you giveit ample time to dry in a safe place where nothing can touch it and mess it up.
Yes, these would make for any clothing project (just line dry since the dryer will dry up the paint over time)...and it is not to hard to get off the skin-but I didn't get much on mine.
I am not familiar with those brands/types of shoes. However, I dressed up a pair of plain black canvas sneakers with white daisies using this kind of paint. I believe it would work with any kind of fabric shoe. A vinyl shoe, not so sure.
We used it for crafts (on wood and plastic), but not on fabric . It worked well, and I don't think it said anything about ironing. It seemed like it would work well on fabric also.
Overnight
wash? no it didn't wash off. you're supposed to wah the stuff inside out to make sure it didn't
I haven't tried black light, but I can say that the green and yellow work from sunshine. The blue does not seem to glow from sunshine alone.
Yes they seem to dry well on many different surfaces; glass, wood, paper. The only problem I had with this product was only one of the colors is glow in the dark, the rest are just neon.
Depends what the lettering is made out of. My guess would be no, unless you tried to peel the paint off the lettering later on. Or the paint might not adhere to the lettering and just peel right off after a little while.
It did not puff up. It stayed the thickness that I squirted onto the material.
I use it to make window clings and reusable tattoos and for that it works wonderfully, but I've never used it on clothes, however it has always been the highest recomended by all of the crafters that I talk to.
No, the tables are made in china.
Dimensions: 17.75" x 33" x 50" Assembled. The box it arrived in was large and heavy. It goes together quick and easily. It is larger than most other play or train tables. The advantage for us was we already had lots of train stuff and just needed a table. Not much built in storage but storage boxes can be slipped in underneath.
It's a large rectangular shaped table. You can purchase Lego plates and sit them on the green surface. I can fit six 15x15 Lego plates on the table at the same time.
The table top surface is larger than the Thomas the Train table on display at our local Toys R Us....it totally depends on your train track layout, but yes, it definitely could be!
You could leave one of the two halves of the green tabletop off... That would create a gap. Otherwise, no. The two boards are pretty much flush.
Absolutely---with nice drawers for storage.
I bought this table for my 2 and 4 year old to play with their train station. My 4 year old is a little over 3 feet tall and this table is perfect size for her. Hope this helps.
I do not - and would not think it would be practical with the height and the make up of the table - my toddle spends most of is time directly on top of it and occasionally under it :-)
have not tried to paint it however I have painted things similar.the best way is to buy a matte spray paint and spray want to paint. the matte spray paint will give it a texture that's good to paint over and then paint over that with chalk paint. there are recipes for chalk paint on Pinterest or Google pretty easy and lasting coverage.
The rim is 1 1/2 inches deep at some areas but tapers down to a depth of 1/2 inch at the center on the long sides of the table.
I have not personally attempted image tranfer onto canvas, but I do use this for all my wood transfers. I dont see why this same stuff wouldnt work. Hope I was semi helpful.
Hi Sheila. Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time Blick does not process International orders through Amazon. You are welcome; however, to place the order direct from our website www.dickblick.com and we will be happy to quote shipping charges for you. We apologize for any inconvenience.
I would think absolutely!
When used alone, if the gel is too thick, it may have a yellow tinge. I absolutely love this product. I use transparent or translucent paint and paint over the gel after it's dried. You will also get great results if you add your paint to the gel itself, but i would definitely test it first.
Yes, it does!
I recieved the gel when I added the 8oz. If you do not recieve the correct product Amazon is very customer friendly and can do a return/exchange.
This container is gloss jell. This container is gloss gel not red paint.
Only if you want your charm to fall apart. You're much better off with the name brand clays that require baking. You can use an old toaster oven outside to bake the clay.
I wouldn't use this clay for anything. Period. I've worked with various types of clay and this is by far the worst. If you want the ornament to last without cracking, use Sculpey or Fimo. While those do need to be baked to cure, they will also last a lot longer.
Depends on how much clay your using. I usually wait a day before I paint on it.
Paint: no. Idk about soaking; I imagine it would disintegrate.
They arent specifically listed on the package. It says that it's a "fine Earth clay that air dries hard." It also lists that it confirms to toxicity laws and is non-toxic, as other crayola kids products do.
Not sure what you consider ideal, but I think it would work much better than the kits that are sold specifically for that. I have tried those in the past and wasn't too happy with them. This is just clay so you can work with it to get the impression the way you want. Hope all that answers your question.
I'm not sure but would think the polymer would be a better idea. You can get it thinner, I think , than the other clay. This clay can easily crack while the polymer has some flexibility to it. Since canvas is also flexible, I'd go with the polymer.
I don't know about Gluten but I do know it stains wood surfaces if left to "air-dry" on one.
Yes, all clay shrinks when dry because the moisture is gone and the particles move closer together. This product has some real clay in it, so it also shrinks. I would guess about 10%.
Punch works well as long as you only do 1 or 2 sheets and you make sure that the sheets are all within the punch tabs. Once I got used to these two issues, the punch works fine for my Day timer.
Yes - All punches are adjustable
I think it would be extremely difficult to set for a4 paper.
It can but the tom punch will be a bit less than 11" from the bottom of the page.
Very much so. This is what I use it for. Either I copy existing patterns, either I create from scratch. This paper is nice and sturdy. One thing to note: I do not use pins, only weights when I'm cutting my fabric so it doesn't matter to me if the paper is a little thicker than usual pattern making paper. Hope that helps.
It is substantially thicker than wrapping paper - but if you are willing to crease in the edges it could work. It would be like wrapping something with construction paper.
It's see through, I've doubled in the past or done painting or drawing on the outside to create my own personal wrapping paper.
Yes
yes, you may need to use 2 layers but it should
I've never made paper flowers but I would say this paper is too thick. Often when I tape a package it's so heavy the tape comes undone. I hope that helps!
Yes, tape will stick to it. I use this paper to wrap gifts. I honestly can't tell the difference between the textured sides so I've painted on both sides and taped both sides.
Yes it's pretty sturdy
It does have a center however it is very long approx 5 ft so it would likely need a custom roll. It is heavy and bulky. I leave mine in the box it came in, in the garage and lay it on a large table or the floor to wrap my items. It is somewhat see-through so I double wrap sometimes. Hope that helps!
Absolutely!! I let my kids draw on it all the time using crayons..works great.
...I think you may be mistaken. This is paint.
No. At least not once it's dried on clothing. Just put a smock on the kids and a mat on the floor. You will be able to wash paintbrushes with soap and water.
I personaly don't use this paint. I bought this for an elderly client that I take care of. He uses it on wooded areas, paper and canvas. If your figures are going to be wooden I say this is the product for you but if you're trying to do glass or plastic. I don't think it'll be a good Idea.
My husband did use the paints to cover bare wood. It dries to a mat finish. We have not tested whether or not it will come off if it gets wet. My guess is that it will wash off, but likely leave the wood stained. I'm sure it would just wash right off finished/sealed wood.
It usually comes out of the bottle in little thick-ish globs.
It's tempera. I googled your question and found this: "Watercolor--especially the crayola watercolor in those little pans--won't stick at all. Don't use spray paint either, because it will literally 'melt' your styrofoam. Tempera will flake when dry. The best and cheapest is to use acrylic paint--the kind of craft paint that comes in little bottles." I hope that helps!
I haven't had any problems with my set of paints... I just give them a little stir. Maybe you got a bad batch?
That's all I've been using it for so far. Works well.
Sadly, no clue. I don't get to play with tools like that. Me=lost in Toddler Land.
Haven't tried it myself but I am told Tempura paint is the best for Window painting. Mix it with a small amount of water and dish soap to make it easier to remove.
The gun has two stands. One folds into the surface, which is the same color, and the other one, that you see illustrated is separate. Hope that helps.
No. You have to buy separately. Buy at you local hardware store, their cheaper.
This gun does not take the 6000 nozzle kit. You would need the Surebonder HE-750 High Temperature Glue Gun, Amazon ASIN B0009XTPAO.
Yep I believe so. I have two glue guns & the one you mentioned was my 2nd. I just used the same glue sticks from my stash. Jo
I don't know, but Your question makes me curious to measure it next time I use it. At this price I would expect some variation between individual units, so I'm not sure a temperature measurement would be reliable. I have never had trouble using low temperature, multi-temp or high temp glue sticks.
Yes it does
It has a high / Low switch - but No turn off. You have to un=plug it after use... but it works great!
Yes.
I bought two of these glue guns, one to use and the other as a backup. I use them daily, all day, as I craft beautiful sustainable centerpieces for weddings, favors, etc. Never once in four years have I had to open the 2nd one. Absolutely buy this one, I would not buy any other one.
It is red, exactly as the picture - I have two of them - one I have used for two years about 7 hrs daily and the other one just in case the first one broke....but so far no need to use the second one. Excellent product!
Yes! It works perfectly with the Webster's Pages Color Crush Planner. That is exactly what I'm using it for.
The six holes can be evenly spaced without extra space between the two sets of 3 holes. Also, the hole punch can be adjusted to have a larger division in the center of each set of three holes. It is a great tool to have when you have several notebooks with six holes and different spacing between the holes.
They are not set up for the filofax - or at least mine was not. I ruined one of my home-made sheets not realizing it wasn't set properly. There were NO instructions which was annoying as I was afraid to do to much for fear of breaking it. BUT, I did slide the 2 sets of 3 punchers - each to the upper-most and lower-most part of the puncher - whereby the 2 sets are the furthest apart - and that is the setting for the filofax personal/compact. It was easy to slide, more my fear than anything else - 10 seconds and it is done. I like the puncher and I recommend it.
Absolutely. That's what I use. Hope this helps.
I use mine for A5 size but it doesn't actually fit. It is too small. I would not recommen this hole puncher for A5 paper
Yes, this will work, but it has no guides for you to align the paper before punching, so you have to wing it.
If you pull the bottom cover (waste trap) off you will see that the two matching sets of three hole punches, which are spaced 3/4" apart, can be adjusted by pressing them apart or together. The positions can be either both to the inside, one on the outside and one on the inside or both on the outside of the elongate slots that control their position. This will place the two center holes either 3'4", 1-3/8" or 2" apart giving a total of three outside hole combinations of 3-5/8", 4-3/8 or 5" spacing. If you wish more combinations you must modify the part to suit. Good luck.
No it does not. It works for Personal and Pocket sizes. You could theoretically use the personal sized setting to punch one part of the 3 holes and shift your paper over and punch the 2nd part but you would already need an A5 sized page as a guide. I later decided to get an A5 agenda and have also purchased an adustable hole puncher on Amazon called PU-462. It works great as well!
The back allows you to move the holes just a tiny bit, but there is no guide or markings to set to punch for different sizes of paper. I measured the punch from end to end and it is 6 inches. So if your paper is 5.5.inches, it will fit. It seems to measure up to the measurements you listed in your question. I used a tape measure to determine.
it's a long list: deep violet, quinacridone magenta, alizarin crimson hue permanent, primary red, cadmium red deep hue, naphthol crimson, cadmium red medium hue, cadmium red light hue, cadmium orange hue, red oxide, burnt sienna, burnt umber, raw umber, raw sienna, yellow oxide, cadmium yellow deep hue, cadmium yellow medium hue, cadmium yellow light hue, primary yellow, light green permanent, hookers green hue permanent, deep green permanent, phthalocyanine green, bright aqua green, cerulean blue hue, cobalt blue hue, primary blue, phthalocyanine blue (green shade), ultramarine blue, dioxazine purple, neutral gray value 5/mixing gray, mars black, ivory black, titanium white, gold, silver.
Hi Pumpkin Spice. I just looked at my set and each tube is marked 22 ml. I ran out of the most used colors pretty quickly but it is great to have a bunch of the less used ones so I don't have to mix. I have enjoyed having this set very much and recommend it to you.
Do not know..only use for painting pictures on canvas. Sorry!
I am unsure of the pricing. It looks like Blick only carries the 1 set option. The only company who is currently carrying the 2 set option is "Prime Inc." You can see this by clicking on the set 2 and seeing that states above " Sold and ships from Prime Inc."
Yes, you just have to water down the paint to get the right consistency.
I wouldn't recommend it for a t-shirt. This type of paint is more for canvas painting. I would suggest using a paint that is specifically for fabric for the best results. It is and isn't washable, it depends on how quickly you get at it.
I am sure it will work, it drys nicely. I painted canvas with them , came out nicely
Absolutely not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes
I've never used it for that purpose, but with the correct sealer afterwards..why not???
PC914 PC1012 PC942 PC1034 PC940 PC929 PC928 PC1018 PC927 PC1001 PC997 PC939 PC1019 PC1017 PC901 PC941 943 PC945 PC944 PC1031 PC937 PC947 PC946 PC938 You can see the actual colors by going to the link posted below and clicking on the color palettes tab and then clicking the word Portrait.
Yes
914, 1012, 942, 1034, 940, 929, 928, 1018, 927, 1001, 997, 939, 1019, 1017, 901, 941, 943, 945, 944, 1031, 937, 947, 946, 938
U can get close but, not fully erasable. . So just b careful once u start the color..
they are all premier. a nice set.
looks machine made.
No it is not. I actually bought it to put on my windows so my dog couldn't see out. Nice paper but not translucent.
I guess if you mean to put wooden ends on the paper and use it as a scroll I think that would work fine. I didn't try writing on it so I don't know if the ink would blur.
Defenetly not. It is prety loose, and very hygroscopic. water will kill it as origami paper, but mb good for sumi-e.
no
YES. I used mine to make paper and it dissolved easily.
No, it is not primed nor waxed.
We carry a single sheet that is wider (24X36): http://www.amazon.com/Kinwashi-White-Printmaking-Paper--Single/dp/B0017OE400/ref=sr_1_1?m=ACD4013XBS5C9&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1387471748&sr=1-1&keywords=B0017OE400. Otherwise, the next largest roll is 18"X36': http://www.amazon.com/Yasutomo-Rice-Paper-Inch-Foot/dp/B000OL1IOC/ref=sr_1_1?m=ACD4013XBS5C9&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1387471825&sr=1-1&keywords=B000OL1IOC. I hope this is helpful.
Hm, I have used ice paper for kites; and with ink printing as in stamping, it did nicely. I don't know how it would do going though a Canon printer. Wish I could be more helpful.
I can't answer your question. The paper was used as a decoration only and as a gift for someone. Sorry I couldn't help.
40" wide x 24" high
There are locks on the wheels so they will not roll.
Does not go straight vertical . Regarding angles... I don't know. Has many minute angle changes though
Yes there is. I got my wife an adjustable height chair.
no
I would go to Alvin & Co. Tel: 860-243-8991 or www.alvinco.com. They are in CT. If you have the same model as I have it's either CM40-4XB, 4WB or CM40-3-WBR
Yes it can lay flat or it can be adjusted to several settings. Mine is tilted about 10-12 degrees up from flat. If you're looking for "flat" you may want to consider another table as the main reason I bought this is for the elevation from flat. The drawers are flimsy but they work for my purposes. I'm happy with the overall quality of the table for the price.
Unsure.
The table can be assembled using either floor glides or casters. The floor glides give the lowest height: 25 1/2". If you need the casters, the lowest height is 27 1/2". Be aware that, once you choose a height, it's a non-trivial task to change it. I'm an adult, 5' 8" tall. I set the table up with a 30 1/2" height. I believe my 7 year old granddaughter could easily use the table with the lowest setting. And you could always use a makeshift booster in the chair until he/she is tall enough. Does anyone still have thick phone books...?
16" wide X 15" deep
I ended up not loving this board. I found that you have to really tighten it very very tight to hold anything on it and to keep it upright. I found that it would hold the board, but pressure from drawing on it sometimes caused the easel to move down.
Drawer is 1 1/2 inches deep.
Yes, it adjusts in height.
I do not think so. This one w/ one drawer is better than another one w/ 3 drawers. I have both and they both work well, but I prefer the 1 drawer model. The 3 drawer has oil paints in one drawer and acrylic and watercolors in the 3rd.
They are the same but I prefer to work on the black one ... I actually have a light wood easel as well....It is a personal preference.
The answer to your question is yes. I have utilized such such a sketchbook. If your book is not 'spiral' clipping it open might cause some problems. All and all the craftsmanship of the easel has been exceptional and very compact for easy storing and portability. Thanks for asking.
Nancy, just buy it, if you tape to a larger board yyou can use any size
Hi Judith, It's easy to set up, each knob tightens or losses to allow for a wide variety of angles. I bought two different size clip boards to rest on the easel which hold paper or canvas. I absolutely love mine for the studio and plan on ordering another for home use too!
It's about 16.5" deep, 15.5" wide, 2.5 in high when closed, with easel up it's 17", extends to approx. 27"; also drops below if needed. If you use drawer, that extends out to the right up to 15". It's a very nice piece for a tabletop. Be aware it does have a little weight if you plan to carry any distance.
You should be able to press down on the top button and hold it down. This will inturn push the prongs our from the tip of the pencil allowing the lead to slid out. From there you can adjust how much lead you want sticking out from the tip. When you release the top button, the prongs will go back to its natural position hence holding the lead in place. Hope this video helps, http://m.youtube.com/watchv=THmIBqqn8Ss
Yes.
It's like holding a marker, just a bit heavier.
About 5 and 3/4 inches, or 144mm.
I haven't used it for some time if I remember correctly it is either by twisting the bottom and it sharpens it, or by removing the top and sharpening it that way. They also sell a special sharpener for this pencil
no it takes 5.6 mm lead refills. I got mine on eBay.
yes you can i belive the lead size is 5.6 mm. i found mine on ebay
No I don't think so.
5.6mm, just zoom into the picture and the specs are on the packaging.
No, they don't stick to anything. Though they have various uses, I have them available for my dyslexic students to use.
I think that would work only sad fact is this pack comes with 6 of each color so you would have to cut them but I tried it with one red and the 2 blue that I had left and I could not see the red just a very dark blue.
I have gold spray paint. Please allow me to test and I'll respond back with a reasonable answer before you go to any expense on your own.
Mike, I don't believe this product would be satisfactory to your application. It is too thin and will tear easily not to mention rapid fade. It is the sort of cello product that you find wrapped around Easter baskets and gift fruit baskets that tears away easily. I think you would be better served by using colored report covers as that plastic is heavier and of a richer color. Colored transparencies are of the same quality as the report covers but the colors are a little more difficult to find.
you cannot print on this paper, this is just a wrapping paper for some foods
This is very poor quality it falls apart and tears if you try to cut it. Super thin and flimsy. Was a complete waste of time and money.
glossy and shiny
I certainly dont see why not ....I would test the glue on a small spot and wait a little while to check for corrosion or color change ..but Im pretty sure you'll be ok !!!! Good idea by the way !!!
I've used them with CFL and LED light sources, and I haven't had a problem. The sheets are plastic, so at some temperature they will melt.
I wouldn't think so. They're VERY thin, and don't strike me as something that would have folded well. They seemed like they might have been good for cutting to use in art projects, or maybe to stuff in a package like you might with tissue paper, but they were about the weight of tissue paper.
The trees and people are all made out of wood. I find it to be very sturdy and stable enough for my two-year-old grandson to play with his Thomas trains. I do supervise him as it is not sturdy enough to hold a toddler that likes to climb on things but for daily, regular play, it's well worth the money. The waterfall mountain is made of plastic that isn't held very sturdy in the slots, it keeps coming off. All of the little vehicles that come with it are also made of wood. The table top can be reversed for coloring, drawing, even snacking (it wipes clean with a damp cloth.) There are three bins that slide underneath that hold Jimmy's tracks, trains and other items from the Thomas collection. These could be used to store drawing supplies, Legos, figures, etc. Hope this helps!
There are many kinds of Thomas, KidKraft wood tracks are 90%compatible with "Thomas for wood tracks"; why 90%, because for the curved tracks I recommend buying original thomas tracks, regular, not the ones that you can adjust the curve... those adjustable ones even if they are "thomas" are not good either.
Yes it is. So far it has been compatible with all different brands of wooden train tracks and sets.
Table top play area is 47 3/4 inches by 31 5/8 inches the table top is surrounded by half inch frame of the table. And assembled its widest points are 48 3/4 inches by 34 1/2 inches.
I don't know the answer to this. sorry
We bought this for our 3 year old grandson who is really into Thomas Trains It was the PERFECT gift! Not really sure if I would buy this for use with legos (although at some point my grandson may use it for this). They have specifically made Lego tables that I would think might be better.
My greatgrandson only uses the train scene. The other side has no motif.
Yes, too low to sit a chair under. Perfect height to stand and play with the trains.
It's about 8 inches tall without legs
maplelandmark.com, 1 800 421-4223 , has fabulous letter and number cars as well as engine and caboose with magnet connectors and non -toxic paint, and well- made-interlocking tracks. Fits Thomas pieces, too. Maple Landmark Woodcraft, Middlebury Vermont!
It's a one pound package. Depending on what you're casting that can be quite a lot. Assuming you're doing dental casts... You can do a couple dozen from this box. Maybe more.
is 1 pound i hope my answer help
Sort of, but i would use silicone putty instead (Alumilite). Alginate is great stuff, but it just helps create a negative mold, not the final positive product. Mix some up and put your hand in it. Alginate does not "dry"; it "gels", and sets up like hard jello. It is always somewhat moist, and needs to be kept wet. It is most useful for making casts from other water-based products, like plaster of Paris, or Permastone (a much harder cement). If you want to make fake teeth, you want to cast with some plastic material, and for that a silicone mold is much better.
Robert this clay is self hardening and great for creating vase, coil pots and boxes. I really enjoy this brand of clay it very easy to manipulate and dry. I have been using since high school and I am in my forties. You must keep it covered when you not working with it due to drying process. You must knead before using it to avoid the cracking.Enjoy it! I do.
This clay will become 'Bone Dry' then can be fired in a kiln. The clay will be very brittle in an air dry state. Once it's fired the clay will be transformed into a hard, low-fire quartz state. Then you can apply glaze and fire again. We use this clay for wheel throwing and making ceramics.
Yes, definitely! You only have to be worried about the glaze you use being non-toxic. Red, for example, sometimes has lead in it. So just make sure whatever glaze you use specifically says it's food safe!
The cone is a 05 and the color when wet is med gray. but it fires to a white finish.
I do not recommend firing it in an electric oven at all. It only fires to green ware when baked for short periods at low temps- 250 degrees for instance, but this clay has a lot of moisture in it, so when I attempted to actually fire it in the oven at 500 degrees it exploded. Within minutes. I mean fragments everywhere, the art piece rendered unrecognizable.
Ginger that's correct. I have ordered several time I find it a pretty awesome deal
This low-fire clay must be bisque fired in a kiln to 05 which is very hot, around 1800-1900 degrees, and a gas oven will not reach those temperatures. You would then need to glaze the bisqueware and refire it in the kiln to make it waterproofed. The glaze must be a low fire glaze .
The clay is light grey wet and white after firing. I have been firing it at 5 and 6.
Yes
As it's the natural clay you can do it, but I'm not sure you can mix it well for having the same amazing consistence that You would have the first.
The stand is black and it is perfectly vertical. I have ours mounted on a floor standing easel so I can tilt it to my specifications and the vertical adjustment on the easel allows much more vertical adjustment from the tracing table. This also means that the camara is 9 feet off the floor and you need to a ladder to change the pictures. But it works beautifully!!!
Robert, I have never used the projector to project onto the floor (just onto my work table). It looks like it would project out about 12-18" from the edge of the table it is secured to... with the track lighting I have, there would be no shadow. Not sure how helpful this is since, again, I do not use the project in this fashion.
The stand will raise the projector 3 feet; however, it can be clamped to a table edge and swung out to project to the floor in order to extend the reach.
This is the stand only. The projector is sold separately. You attach the projector onto the stand and clamp the stand to a table. I think the table edge should be no more than 2 inches. This stand allows you to put your paper on the table and magnify and draw your subject in a comfortable position. The stand is very sturdy.
The image will fill the 18 x 24 space. You just have to get the projector far enough away and focus it properly. It just takes some fooling around with until you get it the way you want it.
It has places on the bottom of the unit where the stand screws on.
Not exactly sure, but I think it will make it quite small. My needs were to make things larger. The glass where you place your image is only 7 inches, then you go up or down from there. Hope this helps
This is just the stand
There seems to be an error here. What is the question?
If the designer is a Prism projector, you can use it. I have the Prism and there is a super prism. I don't think it will work with other name brands of projectors.
The pages are not perforated
Fairly bright.
yes
You cannot refill the paper. You have to buy a new one of these sketchbooks each time it runs out.
feels like Heavy. its not printing paper so its kinda hard to tell.
I think it would be easy enough if you have a flatbed scanner. But, the book does not lay down completely flat.
Well, REASONABLY flat, but it is still a bound book, so it will not behave like an 17" x 11" sheet of paper when open -- there is still a crease down the center at the binding and especially at the front and back, the pages will lay at different levels because they have different numbers of pages upon which they rest. The pages are attached to the binding in groups of 17"x11" pages folded in half, and the lining to which they are actually attached has extra material to allow the cover to lay flat while the pages themselves are turned. Hopefully, that makes sense.
I didn't run them thru a metal detector but it looks/feels like there is not any metal in it. If your asking if its a spiral bound book inside another no its a book bound much like any hardbound book.
Hellos. This paper is moooost likely med grade. It isn't cheap at all, but it isn't very thick either. (I actually have it with me at all times just in case I get an idea, lol). After feeling it. Definitely medium grade.
Francine it is ideal for dry media, and I personally would go for thicker paper for wet'un. But I am not the type to use paint of any nature, so for me this one has proved itself.
Myself, I'd use a separate area to do all my sanding then use a good vacuum to clean the area up. I wouldn't want to get fine dust particles in my painting area. If you didn't get it all up then when you start spraying, the pressure from your gun may kick up dust you missed and get it all over your new paint job. A paint booth is just that. A place to spray paint and not to do any sanding.
Yes
No
Don't know what duracoat is. Always wear a mask!
No. But a great unit!
Personally, I don't find it to be too noisy. It's considerably less noisy than my compressor. It's just like a whirring/windy sound from a couple of fans spinning. But you might check with the manufacturer for the decibel rating for a less subjective appraisal.
The Item comes with Artograph WARRANTY Registration card, once purchased,,you can register online directly with Artograph
I use cans as well as an airbrush, just keep the coats light and be prepared to replace the thin white pre-filter more often.
If you don't have any way to vent outside like windows or something, you might be able to build a water filter to clear the exhaust. It wouldn't be too hard and would only require some engineering and pvc.
The light box allows the manual replication of art (on paper). Instead of redrawing art models, contours to the T, we can just trace them with no hassle. Great for any type of paper (no matter how thick).
Electric.
Yes, that was one of the reasons I bought it. Great for pruning down ones you do not want anymore and getting them in an organized pattern.
It comes with a life long fluorescent lamp. I have not replaces mines, because it has not blown, but as I look at mines it seem all you have to do is lift the plastic tracing board to replace the bulb or take a loose two screws on the back. I never tried to look, cause it has not blown. It is not hard to change at all as I look at it. But it states on the box it is a life long bulb. And if for some reason you need to replace it, it takes a 8 watt F8T5 Fluorescent bulb. But I really do recommend it cause it work wonders for me in my Animation class, cause with out the Artograph lighttracer I would probably have to spend the night at school using their tracing boards. It also has an area up top for you to place your pencils or pens at. Worth the money!!!!!!!
It is a single bulb. Replacement lamp is listed as "F8T5 daylight fluorescent".
It would depend on the weight (thickness) of your photo and what you are tracing it on to. I placed an inkjet printed photo on the light box with the photo side down. It was standard Kodak photo paper. Then I placed a piece of tracing paper over it. That worked fine. However, I don't know if the results would be the same with older photos that were produced on heavier paper, or using a thicker tracing medium such as 20 lb. bond white paper.
I didn't have that problem. I think you should return it.
The plastic plate that the bulb shows thru is milky white. It takes a daylight fluorescent. The light that shows underneath does not come through Very bright, Just a soft glow.
Plugs in
Not sure never tried it BUT FYI- I've used it cards and calligraphy- great tool for small projects. I'm surprised that some customers rated this below standard. I like it and use all the time!
Yes and it works great
I have not used mine for Photograph negatives, but I would assume it would work. The light is bright enough for me and my wife to copy items pretty thick. We generally use it for copying things out of books (pictures) by hand. I would be happy to take pictures of a different angle or test something for you if needed. We have been very happy with this product.
It has a cord.
The paper in this sketchbook is 65 lb.
Smooth, it seems
There are not small holes at the edges of the paper.
No sheets are blank
6 1/2" wide by 10" tall
Yep. Print the photo in mirror image on a laser printer. Then paint a canvas with liquitex, slap the photo on, rub any air bubbles out, and let it dry for a day or two. Afterwards use a wet finger to rub the paper off.
You use it as a top coat, it dries clear and works as a seal
The problem with ink jet prints is they are not waterproof, so you would need to find a way to seal the print before you used this product. I like to use hairspray or a spray sealant you can get from a local arts and crafts store. You can also try You could try a sample and see if it bleeds, but any time I have tried to put any type of glue, paste, liquid on ink jet prints the colors have run. It looks like this page has some good information: http://blog.sally-jane.com/2011/06/inkjet-fixative-sprays.html. Not sure I helped much...
When I transfered pictures to wood I did not use gesso first. The process of getting the paper backing off the photo takes a bit of pressure while rolling off the paper, I would be concerned that it might disturb the soft fungus. So maybe whatever process you could use to firm the fungus up might be a good idea. Hope it works!
Yes you can, i have used this on tile, glass, plastic, metal, wood and canvas
Ugggghhh! Thanks for letting me know - I'll correct it now. it will ship no later than tomorrow depending on when you place the order. Bill Wright Treyco
I have never tried something like that. I know it works well with pictures to wood.
No less then 8 hours but better to let it set for 24 hours
Have not tried this product on anything but wood
I have only used it to transfer photos on to canvas and I was really pleased with how well it worked.
It would be a bit of a challenge, but it can be done. I can project an 8' wide by 6' tall image. The room would need to be quite dark with no outside light contamination. As the distance from the wall increases the image intensity and fine detail decreases.
No it doesn't.
The projector base is 5x5 so no you cannot project a larger image at one time.
You only have to worry about heat if you are using an incandescent bulb. Fluorescent produces some heat, but nowhere nearly enough to damage what you are enlarging. LEDs produce such little heat that it isn't a concern. You just have to find one that fits right.
It would project it THROUGH the window unless you put some paper on the opposite side to the one you are painting. But that's a fairly easy fix, I'd think. Another alternative that I personally would find to be awesome is to get the glass sandblasted. The frosted glass would take the outline projection perfectly, and you could use that as an element in your work by leaving some of the frosted portions unpainted. It would also make it much less likely that the paint would peel later. I could understand why that wouldn't be practical for a lot of the projects you might try but sounds kinda cool right? Edit: I see Pam there beat me to the paper idea. So I'll see you paper and raise you 3020 Liquid Masking Film 32 oz here on Amazon. Paint it on the opposite side, project, trace... and then when you don't need it anymore, peel it off like cling film.
You can, but the image is so fuzzy. I returned my projector.
I think they are just using "Opaque" as a new way to list and market the Tracer. The one I purchased is opaque itself (non transparent). Unlike the old style overhead projectors schools used that employ a transparent sheet teachers would write on and project onto the white board this device shines a lightbulb onto your image and uses mirrors to project the image onto a vertical surface. These are fun little projectors for small projects but you are not purchasing a bright movie style projector.
This question was sent to me out of context, i am not sure what it relates to. I assume it relates to a recent purchase of a Bose docking station power pack. In this case the power source is 220V converted down to 18v by the new converter that links to the docking station/speaker
It is plug in don't know about a aussie power points. Bulb is CFL 100 watt 1600 LUMENS! I am in America but bulb is to find yes I have enjoyed projector very much airbrush portrait artist!!
Probably not. The glossy surface of the screen would make the projection look bad. Kinda like photographing something glossy with a flash.
Hi Sammy. Depends on what you want to do. I would practice with normal paper first and when you are reday for the final origami item you are trying to do, then use this foil paper. It works great for doing dragons....
I use mine for making iris folding cards. You can look up how on the Internet, take a class or buy an iris folding book. If you make cards you may use it for layering pieces.
Some of them are......most are not white inside.
The pad I received is 11 x 14 in.
Mine came 11" by 14", which is what I ordered. It might come in both sizes, so you can order the size you want.
Yes. I transfer a drawing to a canvas that I want to oil paint. I trace the pattern. Then I use Art carbon transfer paper (buy at dickblick.com (Dick Blick) or any art supply). Lay the carbon transfer paper on your surface and then the pattern on top and trace. The patter will transfer to your wood or canvas.
I've used soap and water with regular brushes and foam brushes and it cleaned both with no problem. Just make sure you clean it right away. Don't let it set.
For me, it was enough to add it to the paint! No finishing coat necessary. But that doesn't mean you can't. It was delightful according to my taste!
I don't know. I bought because I saw a way to transfer photographs onto wood and this was one of the items that I needed for the project. I haven't had time to try it yet. Sorry that I couldn't help.
Don't know if it will work on painted clay, but it is truly matte. It is not shiny like gloss or satin.
I have only used it on canvas or other art surfaces (including wood). Sorry I can help you. Perhaps the manufacturer could help you if you could advise them of material used to make the doll. Good luck.
I used it on oil painting and it worked for me. I would say make sure you mix the solution before use and first try it in a small area and wait for it to get dry and see the result before applying a large surface.
This product is not the best choice due to the humidity and water that will be present in that area. You would be better off using a waterproof varnish (found at a hardware store) or the Liquitex Soluvar Varnish.
Make sure to read label because that will tell you if you have the water, or weather proof product. Always let dry at least 12 hours and put on a second coat. Hope this helps.
This is a very light varnish, used primarily to protect acrylic paintings. I found it very satisfactory for this use. I don't see why it wouldn't work under the acrylic airbrushing (or over it for that matter).
I don't know if it stay on the ceramic or stop it from scratching. Maybe try the round felt stick ones.
Can't give you a definitive answer to that since I don't know what the numbers represent. However, I did paint matte finish over glossy finish, which helped eliminate too many highlights and flaws. Good luck.
It does look the same as regular tissue paper, where you can see your hand slightly when placed behind it. It feels slightly "crisper" than regular tissue paper.
Really should be.. several articles suggest it with antique leathers...... Acid Free Tissue Paper - Buffered or Unbuffered ?? | eBay www.ebay.com ... Antiques Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930) Please Note - We now sell our Acid Free Tissue Paper under our other seller name -AcidFreeTissuePaper After visiting... ... Leather - Unbuffered (white or kraft) Unbuffered Acid-Free Interleaving Tissue | University Products www.universityproducts.com/cart.php?m=product_list&c=933 Unbuffered tissue is acid-free and is recommended for use with colored prints, textiles ... In addition, unbuffered tissue is used with silk, leather, and other animal ... Acid Free Tissue Paper | Archival Tissue Paper | Family ... https://www.familyarchives.com/products/Tissue-Paper.html Very thin (.001) acid-free tissue with a 3% calcium carbonate buffer added. ... In addition, unbuffered tissue is used with silk, leather, and other animal protein ... Acid-Free Tissue, Buffered & Unbuffered - Hollinger Metal ... www.hollingermetaledge.com/modules/store/index.html?dept=14... This ultra-thin (.001") acid-free tissue is ideal for many protective purposes: ... based materials, such as silk, wool, leather, or whenever fiber content is unknown.
These are single sheets, just like gift wrap tissue looks.
Yes
If the prints came rolled up, I would put sheets above and below the prints, roll them back up and store them on the tube in which they came. Just keep in mind that you will have to be very careful when you unroll them so that you do not crease them. It is preferable to store prints flat--if you have the space. If you decide to display prints that have been rolled up, you may have to place heavy objects on the prints for a few days (with the buffered paper protecting each side to flatten them).
Interesting question! I don't have the answer for this but you may want to research http://www.printfile.com/Buffered%20And%20Unbuffered%20Storage%20Materials.pdf, OR contact the company directly. I believed that this tissue paper being unbuffered may bee used for silver for short term use. However, you may want to look for a more specific type of tissue with an "Anti-Tarnish" tissue paper for long term storage. Hope this helps.
Perfect for Wedding Dress, Thats what we used it for here.!!
The package doesn't specify the exact ph, but acid free should mean the ph is 7 (neutral) or slightly above 7. Hope this helps.
The cd gives some basic techniques but it was not that helpful. I have bought many books on the subject and they have been very helpful in showing me how to get the most out of my pencils. I really love the pencils and you can do so much with them.
I would start with a quick Amazon search. However, if that doesn't bring anything up, try Dick Blick (dickblick.com). I know they have them. :)
Polychromos pencils are hard, the Faber-Castell watercolor pencils are soft, softer than Prismacolor color pencils. So, none of these work the same on dry media. They will be impacted by the type of paper used. You will just have to experiment. I use all three of these as well as the Faber-Castell pastel pencils, sometimes together, sometimes separately. Just depends on the look and color blending I am trying to achieve.
I use gambol with a blending stump. It seems to work well.
Yes it is. And might I add, you will thank yourself profusely each time you use them. These are the very finest available at any price. Love them!!
Hello. Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time we do not process International orders through Amazon. I apologize for any inconvenience.
Hi Carolina. Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize, at this time we are not processing International shipments through Amazon. I regret any inconvenience this may cause.
We ship globally. Please be advised that international customers are responsible for any applicable duties/custom fees. You can obtain a shipping quote by proceeding through the checkout process. I hope this is helpful.
I purchased the 3 1/4" clear glass balls last year. I am assuming they are the same this year. I measured it and the opening (once you remove the metal cap and stem) is 3/4" wide.
88.9 mm
Yes you can.
It screws above/on top the larger bit.
I don't know about Marjean B. but I have bought 2 of these grinders, one for my club and one for me. I love them and have had no trouble. Other members of my Stained Glass Club have bought this grinder and they have love theirs too. I would recommend it to anyone! SKoos
Congratulations on your new acquisition! The Super Star II Grinder will certainly make your glass grinding/shaping much quicker, easier and more precise. The user manual is available for FREE on the manufacturer's website, here: http://www.glastar.com/manuals/ss-ds.cfm
you can, just keep in mind that this is not a flat lap grinder that will polish the entire surface at one time. It is a wheel and you will rotate your bottle around until you have all edges ground. It will not polish, just remove sharp edges.
This is the Super Star II Glass Grinder, made by Glastar Corporation.
Hello Cynthia, The SuperStar II Grinder includes a 3/4" and 1/4" bit, sponge to wick cooling water, splash guard (the rubber V shaped item behind the sponge), Straight Edge Guide BUT DOES NOT INCLUDE an Eye Shield. When Sunshine Glassworks posted to this page, the photo with the Eye Shield was NOT present. Whom ever posted the photo with the Eye Shield on this page is in violation of Amazon rules and regulations. Overall, this is one of the finest glass grinders on the market and I'm sure you will be pleased with the grinder. You will have to purchase the Eye Shield separately and it is available on Amazon as well. Sincerely, Scott Sunshine Glassworks Ltd. Buffalo, NY 14227 800-828-7159
No, they are 120v, 2 prong plug
No
Does not come with an eye shield. I have no idea how much one costs.
I'm not sure of what power horse means. But I can tell you this machine shapes and forms glass beautifully. I use it to make stained glass amulets (jewelry) and has served me well.
I agree with HelloMyNameIs...this won't be big enough. You'll definitely want 8" or larger. Great idea though! One other thing you might consider is hair foil. They come in bigger rectangle shaped sheets, all different colors, and are available at any Sally's or Ulta. Good luck!
Sorry it's taken so long for the answer. I've been gone. I opened the last pkg I have and this is what there is. There a 4 of each of the red, blue, pink, purple and dark green. Light green, gold. silver and orange have 3 each. They are all bright colors and easy to work with. I use them for Iris paper folding. Hope this helps.
I believe its not.
Rub-on foils typically don't have a paper backing that I know of. The total thickness of this paper is pretty big.
I bought mine some time ago and have used several sheets. You should direct this question to the supplier. Good luck
I bought the Brother PQ1500S sewing machine and the stitch regulator. I love the machine and the stitch regulator works great! the only issue I have is that the regulator wheels that attach to the sure stitch frame do not sit properly. The frame the machine sits on wabbles a bit. The company says that there is nothi g wrong and would not replace it. I have gotten used to it and my quilts come out great! I would recommend it. You may not have the trouble I did with the regulator wheels sitting on the frame.
I'll give you what I know. The sure stitch regulator works on most sewing machines and you will have to tell the seller which machine you have in order for them to provide the correct fittings. The regulator has only to do with the stitching, not size of quilt. If you are asking how large of quilt can be placed on a Grace Frame, it depends on the size of frame you have/purchase. Keep in mind a quilt can be placed on a frame even if one measurement exceeds the width of the frame by attaching the shorter dimension on the frame. By doing this, the length does not matter. I hope this is helpful and strongly suggest you contact Grace Frames with any questions. They have always been very helpful and courteous when I have emailed them.
Are you sure you have the regulator? What machine do you have? Ck graceframes.com may have info to help you on there site. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet Sammy
I've tried it on paper gift bags and white cardstock and it looked the same once the ink dried.
They are not bright like neon. They are very soft and muted colors. They are 3D pens which puff up a bit when dry.
I would call it lavender - it's not pink and it's not purple... a nice in between.
Hello, My daughter has used in metal and work very well
i wrote them on my cellphone once, it works nicely; but the ink is soft and rubbery to the touch. it could be scratched off though.
These pens have the appearance of gouache when they dry (takes about 5 minutes to dry, but give it 10 minutes to set). They are not good for drawing fine lines, but they do have a nice even surface once they are dry which is great for filling in larger areas. They are not dark like manga, even the black dries gray. Unless you are inventing a new style of manga (which could be interesting), I would recommend sticking with Sakura's Micron pens. Micron does have brush tip pens for filling in larger areas. If you want to try manga on black paper and don't mind wider lines, these could look pretty cool. Enjoy your arting!
The whole page is blank...it's one whole big page, not one that is divided with slots to place pictures in. You have to arrange the pictures the way you want to arrange them so you can control the amount of space around each picture for whether or not you want to write around them.
Yeah this will do the trick! Each page is a full page, there aren't separate photo pockets/sections within each page. I would call it a scrapbook rather than a photo album. I actually used it for the purpose you are looking to use it for :)
the album comes with the paper inside the plastic sheets
It contain 10 pages (12x12in), and is easy to add more.
Yes it can, a couple of screws and your set.
I don't know, but somebody answered to Windows 8 question, saying that it works with Windows 7.
The blocks do not have to be all the same. If you have a 5 X 7 quilt which is 35 blocks, then you can have 35 different blocks. Actually, it's nice to combine different blocks and see what you get. The geometry of the shapes formed is endless. I would recommend this especially for the price. I have designed several quilts already and I'm happy with the results. While EQ7 will expand the range of what you can do, with your imagination, this might be all you need.
Yes
No. The block size it set up initially and is for the whole quilt. I have made several tee shirt quilts. I stabilize 14" square of the design. Then trim to 12" square.
No. It's a stand alone program. It is very limited, and best for beginners. Limited in design function, you can only choose blocks already prefabricated by the program. But very helpful for figuring out yardage and whatnot.
Check the electric quilt website if download option is available. Have some one copy it to a thumb drive maybe can install from that drive.
As per the product description: "Requires Windows 98/2000/ME/XP/Vista/7." So unless you are running Parallels or Fusion (Windows emulation environments for Macs), no it will not work on a MacBook Pro. If you have or purchase the full-blown software from this company (Electric Quilt 7), you can purchase a "migration kit" that allows you to run that on a Mac. *This* product (Quilt Design Wizard) does not have that feature.
Yes it will. You can design blocks on the screen in any size...it automatically prints, templates with allowance, foundation pattern if applicable, or rotary cutting instructions. You can also take any of the thousands of blocks and snap them into any size quilt layout and the math is done automatically. Go on to electric quilt website and look at some videos or on Youtube for some instruction classes to look further.
I don't think so. I did not find it.
If block on the design is the size you want, yes. Under print you have the choice to print rotary cutting instructions or print templates to use in cutting the pieces of the block. I love this program.
It all depends on the temperature of the room you are working in and the surface area you are covering. I have found that 24 hours is typically enough time before applying a second coat. For a full cure time I usually wait 3 days.
A second coat should help problem. I put on one coat in two batches. On the second batch I did not stir enough and ended up with a tacky surface in a few places. Talked to company and they said to do a second coat. Put on second coat and had a good chemical reaction. No tacky areas now. I have had the product on my bar top for three years and it looks as good as the day I put it on....i.e. GREAT!! Just be sure to stir the 2 components together completely when making a batch.
Unfortunately filling only the two dips would be difficult to match the surface of the rest of the table, extra material would try to spread evenly across the table but would setup before completely smooth. Fortunately this product does stick to its self so, a thin, additional pour could give you the results you are looking for.
if you do not want to risk losing it i would not. I would use polyurethane. See my pictures for this product.
Probably not. I'm sure it won't.
I'm not sure. We haven't had that happen. What was the temperature?
No, we have not. But we love working with this.
Not much you need to strip it and start again but be careful to clean the stripper off 100% and let the surface dry completely.
Yes
More than likely there was more hardener in the mix. Do another coat and right after pouring us a heat gun or hair dryer to move it around and remove bubbles and any unevenness.
I've measured mine and they are 13" wide x 13" deep x 9.5" high.
I put five text books in one with no problem
I think it's too wide for hanging files.
Probably could, but I wouldn't think it's likely. We use these for shoes in a storage shelf. So, lots of shoes stacked in. It's held up for 2 years now. Constantly daily use from currently 4, 5, and 7 year old. And now my 15 month old pulls them in and out to "help" get siblings shoes. No issues for us.
13"wide x 13"deep x 91/2"tall. Hope that helps.
I have not, however I think it would work
Not sure, but I don't they're designed to place something on top unless you have something inside to support the weight, even 5 pounds. It may eventually harm the box.
Hi, Rozann. I just measured mine and they are 13" wide x 13" deep x 9.5" high. Hope this helps!
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
Hi It washes really easy and it's good in pigmentation. Good for bigginers considering money wise. Overall I recommend it. Hope it answers your question.
Colors: Plum Berry, Lettuce, Sweet Melon, Dune, Banana Custard, Wild Hare, Shabby Pink, Cape Cod
Graham, there are no raised dividers to compromise your image. Sometimes I put my stamp on just the blue or red quadrants to avoid rainbow effect. Wash and dry your stamps between uses so pad colors don't get mixed.
yes each color slides out and has a small handle to hold on to I had an old set that I just replaced and the only difference is my old set has the color number for each color so you could buy the reinkers this set dosent have that but I copied the numbers and color names to my new set..
What a cute idea! Pigment inks transfer well to canvas and you will get the best results with 100% cotton canvas. You may have to press their little thumbs onto the surface with a little more pressure to optimize their print. Best wishes and hug them all for me! Lani Cruz 12 Hugs Children's Centers 650-355-8964
Yes
If the cover is cracked or broken, contact amazon and ask for a replacement. The ink willdry up and the foam will ddeteriorate. They are very honorable with their customers. My item lasted many many years. Enjoy yours.
I don't have this particular set, just lots of other ones
I'm not entirely certain how long one would last, because I've never had reason to give it heavy use...I'm sorry I couldn't be of more assistance with your question.
It should be fine on either, you may have to take a hair drier on low heat to it if it doesn't dry in a reasonable length of time though, or maybe emboss it.
Hey there, in the kit I bought, there are a .5mm, .7mm, and a 1mm sized nib. They write rather smooth, and I am new to learning calligraphy; however, I caution you, once I put the ink cartrage into the pen and capped it when I was finished writing, the ink dried up after a few days. I have yet to figure out why, but just something to be aware of.
I haven't gotten around to using them yet, but by the color of the tubes it comes with the following. 2 black, 4 blue, 1 green, 2 light green (could be teal) 2 orange, 2 brown, 2 yellow, 2 red ( could be 3 but one looks kind of pink), 2 purple. Hope that helps.
It comes with a tiny amount of paper on a small pad, these can write on most looseleaf as well
Probably not. I didn't get started on traditional calligraphy pens until I was 8 years old. I would recommend a nice calligraphy marker set, like these, for a starter: http://www.amazon.com/Staedtler-Caligraphy-Duo-Markers-3002C5/dp/B003MR4QE4/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386034215&sr=8-1&keywords=calligraphy+markers, paired with a great beginners calligraphy book. If they show an aptitude for calligraphy after that, then I'd recommend this product.
Yes, it does, as well as can be expected, considering that the manufacturing world is dominated by righties. Lefties can tilt the paper or the pen, or the hand for that matter, but the "egg and line" writing method, also known as "italic," will work just fine for a lefty.
No these are not "real nibs". It already has the ink in it. I bought these for my kids for less mess, and more ease.
This is a set of universal nibs. From what I have experienced, both left handed customers and right handed customers can use them with success.
Thank you for your inquiry. We ask to allow 5-7 business days for delivery.
Make sure you put the ink holder in the right way...the pen has a special attachment that will break the seal to let the ink flow. If you did put it in the right way then wear your grungy clothes take the pen outside and, nib down, just shake the heck out of it. Those are the only suggestions I can give. Hope one of them works for you.
Well, I stood over something to catch the flying ink (a sink, trash can, etc.) and just shook it downward - same way you want the ink to flow - then tested it, if it didn't start to flow after a few seconds I gave it another shake. (Not up and down, just downward.) It always worked for me!
No, the kit comes with ink cartridges you put inside the pen, and then you just have to work the ink into the nib.
No you don't. You keep the pen just buy new ones I found some at office Max and they were in black, red, blue, and even purple
Fine: 1.0 mm Medium: 1.5 mm Broad: 2.0 mm .
No
It comes with four colors. Red, blue, black and green.
No
Hello, These are assorted colors of red, blue and green. We do not have these in black at this time. Thank you
Yes. The part number is F3705. Many specialty places carry it. http://www.coloradopen.com/product/sheaffer-convertor-for-bottled-ink/sheaffer-fountain-pen-refills
I didn't know the answer to your question because I have been using them for etching and grinding metal. So, I was curious and just now took a small piece of green calcite put it in a tray of water and successfully drilled a 1.5 mm hole in it with one of the small cylinder shaped (second from left) diamond burs from this 20 piece set. It's not super fast but it definitely works. Also, I had previously used that same bur for grinding a steel washer. The only problem is, now my daughter wants me to make her a set of green calcite earrings. Hope that helps! George in NJ
I have 30 years experience as a auto restorator and the answer to your question is: YES, the pro-quality 20 piece diamond bur bits does work with the dremel tool because that is what I use all the time and it works great. Thank you for asking and I hope you found this useful. Have A Blessed Day!
I bought this as a gift for my sister and that is what she did with it.
I recommend the barrel or the round shaped burrs. You want as many diamonds touching the glass as possible.
Yes you can but be sure to run water on the area because a lot of heat will be generated and the heat can loosen the diamond grit quickly. Also, you should back up the area where you are drilling to minimize cracking. I put masking tape there too to help minimize cracks. And do NOT force the drill. Let it move forward slowly but at a high rpm.
They are standard. Or you can use an adjustable chuck.
I used an adjustable chuck with my dremel, part no. 4486 I think, that also works with my Black and Decker. I recommend you purchase an adjustable chuck, and you can fit practically any other bit into your rotary tool.
Yes as long as its a rotary dremel also use water as your cutting the stone it will make the diamond last along time even if its a couple drops from a wet spong it'll help
Judging from my experience with these items, I would suggest you try it at slower speeds and work up till you have acheived a speed that works best on the material you are working with. Be careful not to let the bit get to hot. Running at a very high speed seems to ruin the cutting edge of the bit. I think the speed will vary according to the hardness of the material you are working with. Do not be afraid to use a little water with the bit either. It is very important not to overheat the bit. I hope this answer is of some help to you.
I use them with my detailing rotary tool and my Dremel flex shaft when carving wood. They work just fine.
120 volt
is alive
It is the standard/high temp glue gun.
there is a metal platform that slides into the handle. And a flip down support at the tip.these two things together hold the gun pretty steady if you dont have any weight on the cord to tip it over.
I can't help much with this question, I think it is 250W or less, I think the 250W rating is for the industrial version.
Fits standard glue sticks, not sure of the exact size. Everything is made in China! This unit is heavy duty though, and fast. If you are using it on a daily basis it will hold up.
Yes it does. Once it's hot, you can continue to put Glue through it as long as you need. If you are using it that much I recommend getting the box of 100 Glue sticks that I found on Amazon. Good price, and plenty of glue.
you have to buy the glue sticks separate I found a good deal on a box of 100 at time
http://www.hotmelt.com/products/3m-scotch-weld-hot-melt-applicator-polygun-ae
Can't say for sure that one is not available or shipped with one to Europe, but mine came with a U.S. only plug.
The sizes are as follows: 1.0, 0.8, 0.5, 0.3, 0.1, 0.05, 0.03, with two brush tips.
A-2 does not contain BS and BM. The brush markers. These are good for drawing Chinese characters and doing Shodou(&#26360;&#36947;Japanese Calligraphy) and things of that nature.
No, when these pens are done, they're done and you have to buy a whole new pen. They last quite a while, though, so I've yet to need to purchase anything new, and I bought them quite a while ago!
No, these ones are not, BUT I used mine for a very long time (four to five years) before I had to replace then. If you want the refillable ones, you're looking for the MultilinerSP series they are quite a bit more expensive, but there are exchangeable nib sizes (not included) available and after all, they ink is refillable. The SP come in sets of four, or a set of ten. You can get exact specs from copicmarker.com on what sets are what. Hope that helps.
Yes they are all back ink and the ones you need depend on what your drawing
Hello Antonio, we are currently away from the office until the end of the day. We are 99% sure that we have 36 of these that just came in the door. Let us check this evening when we get back in, and we will list this on Amazon as a merchant fulfilled item. We can then ship this to you ourselves tomorrow. I will be back in touch with you. thank you, Sharon from Dandy Store. 606-425-7483
I get the frustration of putting time and effort on something only to have it be ruined.When I bought the pigma microns I thought they would work with alcohol markers like copics but they would bleed no matter how long I let them dry and ruin my drawings. Pigma microns weren't made for alcohol based markers at all,while the multiliners were specifically made for copic markers which are alcohol based. If you want a set of pens that wont bleed like pigma microns then get these. they work fine with copics or other alcohol markers.
No, these would not be suitable for a guitar. There is good information around the internet if you search for guitar decoration tips, or comparisons of permanent markers. Good luck!
I'm not sure, it'd probably be best to contact Copic, but, I think they're alcohol based.
Yes
2 or 3 weeks. thank you.
Assuming you are talking about the different groupings of the 72-piece sets, the difference is the actual colors in the set. If you are not looking to buy all 5 sets due to the expense, find the set that contains most of the colors you need or want. You can then buy them individually from dickblick.com to pick up the few that you are missing. The colors are defined by the number on the end of the cap.. i.e., R29 is a (R)ed shade where the 2 and the 9 define the different aspects of that shade of red. R27 is very similar to R29, but is lighter in color where as R59 is very different; more of a maroon shade.
Please pay if import duties, etc. consuming. Thank you.
Thank you for your inquiry. We have a location in Japan. Standard shipping 18-32 business days(Free) Expedited shipping 4-5 business days(Expedited shipping fee)
It would depend on what the purpose of the markers are for, pack B is geared more towards anime/character drawing. there is a large selection of skin tones/hair colours etc. pack A from what I remember has more colour for such things as landscapes etc. I purchased be as I draw anime/gothic style girls. Hope this helps
We don't have to. You can use these on normal paper, of course.
I bought this set around 2 months ago and i have been using them a lot with my other sets so far ,none of them run out of ink really depends on your use . I use 3 sets of markers touch marker pen and ciao sketch and this one ..dunno if my reply helps but worth to get it! no complaints for using them!
Yes. And I rarely use the flat side. But they are terrific!
Different colors are included in each- Go to the Copic website for a complete listing of the included colors.
The red is a vermillon(lt. Red) red-R08. Chrome orange-YR04, lemon yellow-Y13, light pink-RV11, yellow green-YG03, forest green-G17, light blue-B14, ultramarine(royal blue)-B29, prussian(midnight/navy) blue-B39, violet-V09, burnt sienna(lt. Brown)-E09, and black-100. Hope this helps. Any clarification email me at vaekarles@gmail.com.
If you select expedited the (Japan Post EMS), it takes about one week after shipping. If you select the standard (Japan Post SAL), it takes 2-3 weeks after shipping. But it may become longer under conditions of weather and others. Thank you.
Brian I havent used these for air brushing only regular coloring. I have seen videos in the air brushing that are awesome. Hope this helps
I'll explain the differences. Chao and Copic only differ in the amount of ink. Because it is the difference of the thickness and the amount of ink pen, The basic color of the pen tip of shape and ink is together. Since draw taste does not change, what Chao when it was easy to buy. However, Chao will not have quite early color. Thank you. Kind regards,
Copic is alcohol-based dye ink. This will be to the molecular ink paraphrase. Since the color will be the color fiber and dye of paper and molecular bond, we do not become a so color ride on top of the material to be drawn as pigment. Therefore, plastic, since dye component will be only attached temporarily on the surface of ABS resin or the like, it will take it and wipe. Some people it is to use your Copic for some model but, in that case, basically established spray we have become essential. Before you paint, you have established over many layers only after you have painted. Therefore, we recommend that made using the exclusive paint so long that the paint.
It will arrive in 10 to 28 usually about May have delayed for some reason or the Postal service.
This item ships from Japan.
Yes, they are refillable. You simply pull out the brush on the large end and add a few drops of dye and you are ready to go.
The company itself- http://store.copicmarker.com/pages/products-markers You can buy sets, kits, and individual markers, as well as replacements.
These markers are incredible for a few reasons, the biggest one being how consistent the ink flows. Its very hard to explain but this marker is like a paintbrush and a marker got together and had a baby. The ink comes out so naturally and easily and the color never changes. Its as if you are using a paintbrush and you have the perfect amount of paint on the brush and never have to keep applying the paint to it. It's always perfect, 100% of the time.
No. Cleaning a pen is easy. It is only waterproof on cellulose based products. Examples for these products are cellulose paper, cotton (90%), and wool (50%). Be careful not to get this ink on clothing. Do not be concerned with getting this ink on the skin. It will wash off with soap and water. This is a great ink.
Very nice glass bottle
I've never had an issue with that particular combination, or any other pen. I've been using bulletproof black in my lamy for half a decade now it seems, and everything has flowed perfectly.
At the very, very least, one year, if not more. I would actually guess 2-3 years.
I like Noodler's, even though it doesn't "cure" as fast as the Fast Dry Private Reserve. I can reactivate Noodler's with a light wash and watercolor brush for a time after laying down line work. Even though it may seem dry to the touch, Noodler's can still smudge for a while. This is great if, like me, you wish to use it for quick ink washes. Not so great if you want to lay in clean color during the same sketching session, or if you want to use it for lettering and have a tendency to work with the side of your palm touching the paper. (I would imagine this would be particularly so with southpaws who must work from left to right over their freshly inked lines.) I use Noodler's in a couple of vintage fountain pens and have no problems whatsoever; it is the only ink I'm currently using in my Lamy medium nib pens.
Noodler's inks are engineered for writing on paper. Ingredients in their water resistant, and especially their "Bulletproof", inks chemically bond with ingredients found in most paper. Thus the the mark becomes a permanent part of the paper. The liquid base ((primarily water) of Noodler's inks deposited on materials like glass, metal, or polymer (plastic) surfaces will evaporate leaving the various coloring agents and chemicals (salts) on the surface. However the deposit is not likely to be durable for most of their products. Even dried "Bulletproof" Noodler's inks can be washed off of such surfaces with water.
It is not waterproof.
I assume because it's fast-drying and meant for thin papers it's not the "blackest of the black", not like the black of the ink bottle. Mine was certainly NOT a light brown or anything close to that. It's a dull black for me.
Noodlers is fountain pen ink, but so far, I've only tried one called bullet proof. I have it in 3 of my pens and have not had a problem. However, if you have very expensive pens, be sure to verify this for yourself in a cheaper pen. I have some terrific pens from China called the Hero - 8 horses and it was only about $7.00 free shipping. Anyway, Goulet Pens.com or something like that has everything you'd ever want to know about pens and inks if you are still in doubt. As far as the waterproof. I have to let my drawings dry really well before applying color because it does bleed. Sometimes for me, that's good because I also do ink washes and apply water on a brush right away to get that bleed. A lot of artists are recommending Noodlers Lexington Gray ink. I hope this helps.
I believe it would be but would be personal preference.
Hi LZ, as far as i can remember, the shears were in their original blister pack with cardboard backing, then wrapped properly to arrive at our place in Sydney Australia in perfect order. Michael
You would have to potentially turn them upside down to use them. As they are they are very stiff and heavy to cut so I imagine it would be uncomfortable. I would recommend the soft grip fiskars, might be the better option.
No
Yes, they're made in Italy. I love mine. They're a little stiff, but I like that, it keeps them from slipping on the fabric. My only regret is that I didn't buy a longer on.
The scissors cut a zigzag pattern.
You may be thinking of the difference between Prismacolor premier and scholar markers. Scholars are water based and pris as are alcohol based.
My set has: Canary Yellow, Goldenrod, Spanish Orange, Peach, Orange, Poppy Red, Pink, Mulberry, Rhodamine, Tuscan Red, Crimson Red, Violet, Dark Green, Apple Green, True Green, Grass Green, Blue Slate, Light Cerulean Blue, True Blue, Indigo Blue, Violet Blue, Dark Brown, Sienna Brown, and Black. There are other sets with a few different sets though.
yes it works on wood. i cannot vouch for the effectiveness of the these markers on wood. but they do show up on wood if u plan on drawing on wood panels. i would probably see if you can buy a single marker and test its effectiveness before you buy the box since they're quite pricey. hope this helps.
Yes
They take a few minutes to dry, but after that, they are set.
very good
Entirely my opinion from testing and experience, I like paper with some weight to it such as Bristol,vellum Bristol, watercolor, or for mix media or dry medium. But try any paper your curious to try it on, it might be different for you. How you blend/use the markers is a definite factor. For example, I can use high quality paper but if I don't understand how to blend/use the markers, it'll still come out bad. Hope that helps!
No
Here is a description that I found online that should help explain what the marker is like. Premier Chisel|Fine Double Ended Art Markers - Every artist can appreciate these double-ended art markers. The ink is formulated to give the richest color saturation with silky smooth coverage. The duality of the thick (chisel) and skinny tips let you change it up whenever the mood strikes. One ink source ensures color consistency from either end.
If the item # is PB, then it is brush on one end & the little pointed on the other, If the # is PM, then is is chisel on one end & the little pointed on the other. The packs can be either one, be sure when you purchase to ask for the PB. My first purchase was the PM, but I didn't know at the time & I much prefer the PB. They go on so much smoother. Good Luck!
I would say no. Its perfect for covering books and mailing packages. It light enough to be easy to fold and holds tape well
200 ft. One of the best random purchases I have made. I bought it for my sons bday party thinking I could get a couple tables out of it and I have enough for 50 tables. I use it for everything now. It is big enough to cover my kitchen island.
We have used this primarily for rectangle tables at our Church events. It has been great. The paper is thick and covers really well.
Yes it would definitely work!
Nope, it's pretty thick... I use sharpies (large ones) and it doesn't show through. I actually draw on it and use for targets. Redneck, but effective. It's good stuff.
While I cannot say yes or no. I am going to go with no. I imagine it would catch on fire, if you expose it to heat for a period of time. It is just paper. Like construction paper on a roll. I suppose you could wrap food with it, but I don't think you would want to. It doesn't seem that dust free. All you have to do is smell it or handle it. I think you need to stick with the title of the product, and it is clear it is not for food.
I think so.. I would suggest wrapping it twice to be sure!
The one you're looking at is "natural" color. this link has other colors listed: http://www.amazon.com/Spectra-ArtKraft-Duo-Finish-PAC67304-Pacon/dp/B00006IE1U/ref=sr_1_fkmr1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1413672515&sr=8-2-fkmr1&keywords=Pacon+Kraft+Wrapping+paper+yellow%2C
It's quite thick - I believe it would be perfect for that.
i don't think it would be a problem. I have used it mainly for shipping items and wrapping paper, but i did do some small amount of painting on it. if you are planning to paint it a solid color all over I would worry a little bit about wrinkling, but otherwise, great stuff! hope this helped :)
YES, IT DOES. Actually I put each color separately in ziplock bags and collect them together in the can. The can itself is just a box for convenience storage, I think. hope it helps.
Hi- It should not. Thanks!
No
No tools included. The whole bucket is 2 lbs.
It depends on if you are buying the multi-packs in the container which are packaged in 1 oz. packages. Doesn't sound like much but it's a substantial amount.
Yes.
They are 1/2" tall and depending on the letter up to 1/2" wide (like the letter 'm')
The box does not come with a lid to keep it locked in place. I took all of the stamps out of the box and put in a tub from IKEA. It is easier for the little hands to find the letters they want and need. Plus, they would never get the stamps to go back in place like how they are packaged.
I would say each capital letter is a little smaller than 1/2 an inch and each lowercase letter is maybe 1/4 inch. So depending on how you plan on decorating it, I would assume it would do fine
It's both. They are small blocks of wood with rubber attached to them..
Ink will not stick to lamination. It wipes off too easily. There is a coating on the lamination that resists ink pads, felt tip pins, and inkjet printers.
The ink does appear to be water-based (so it will wash out of clothes). So assuming you were able to get it to dry, you could probably get it to wipe off if you got it wet again. However, it seems like it'd just be a big smeary mess both while playing and cleaning up afterwards. We've had the best success on sturdy craft paper.
You only get the letter
No, it washed off my nephews hands with a little soap and water. If its used on walls or material it may be a little harder to get out.
What you see in the picture is what you get. Letters and some punctuation but no numbers.
It's only on the handle, the stamp is just the letter itself. My daughter loves this set!
1137 orange yellow, 1024 golden rod, 1067 cream, 1169 avocado, 1170 med. dk. avocado, 1370 classic green, 1100 lt. grass green, 1025 mind gold, 1070 gold, 1082 ecru, 1055 tawnytan, 1126 tan, 1145 mahagony, 1053 pastel mauve, 1247 green peacock, 1250 emerald green, 1248 lim green, 1023 lemon yellow, 1078 tangerine, 1037 light red, 1147 x-mas red, 1075 periwinkle, 1166 bright navy blue, 1134 dr. sapphire, 1133 blue, 1132 med. pastel blue, 1028 baby blue, 1242 med. dark navy, 1311 dusty lavender, 1033 purple, 1031 med. orchid, 1120 pastell orchid, 1116 pin, 1119 med. burgundy, 1181 bayberry red, 1000 black, 1040 steel grey, 1087 lt. wheatered blue, 1011 bright white, 1071 pale sea foam, 1001 bobbinfil white x 2
No
Rayon- beautiful sheen for machine embroidery!
We can ship this overseas, but not through Amazon. On our website (which you can easily find using our name), you will find these Incredible Threadables under Specials & Clearance. Once you add it to your cart and begin the checkout process, the website will calculate the shipping based on your address (register first in the lower right corner so your shipping cost can be calculated).
Yes, each spool has that much. (Actually says 1000m)
Yes this is 40 wt
Depends how many stitches each project is. I've had my spool set for two years and still have thread. I embroider approx. three projects a month.
We use it wit the brother 770 and it works fine
You need to scuff the surface with a scotchbrite pad, remove all the grease with a tac rag, then apply createx base coat sealer - white or black. leave 24 hours, come back, and clear coat it. wait 24 hours, come back, scuff it with the pad again and remove all the dust etc, paint your design, clear coat it 3-4 coats, leave 24 hours. voila!
No, it'a water based
It's water based, it comes thin enough to spray out of airbrush if your using airbrush buy the cleaner. white usually causes trouble in airbrush if you don't use it fast enough an then heat to set it.
yes u can
I do...just a drop at a time tho
Definitely although it is airbrush paint and I don't think it would be easy to airbrush tiny fingernails except for simple patterns
I thought it was just for Fabrics tee shirts an such heat dry it read the label or contact the place that makes it if get it on your skin can wash it off there's paint out there for faces.
No
Yes it can be
you can use on just about anything.i use to airbrush shirts. im not sure what artful grafitti is.but i do no metal paper wood and fabic is ok
There is absolutely nothing written on the box or the cloth indicating what this is made of or if it is treated. It's made in Japan. My guess, from the way it feels, is that it's treated with something. Also, once you've used it and it's all black, you can't wash it, so you have to toss it.
Yes! I used to polish my real Japanese silver vase decorated with all kind of stones and shells! I also use to polish my silver ring with jade! Hope my information help :))
Yes. I use it on sterling, white gold and platinum. I mostly use it on a watch that is silver with inlaid opal, since you cannot use most liquid or paste jewelry cleaner on opal or pearls.
I have never tried the cloth, only on metal surfaces.
Kristin, I don't believe these cloths can be cleaned. The oxidation that is left on the cloth is permanent. My jeweler advised me to use one jewelry cleaner for gold and one for silver. It would be better to if you kept the cloths separately too.
I never even notice when purchasing. Our has the one the swings up if you want to use the paper guide.
Yes.
There is absolutely nothing on it to say where it is made, not even a brand name. Don't know where Amazon got "Officemate Deluxe" from., Truth to tell i'm not very happy with it -- it spews little circles everywhere instead of catching them inside the machine as advertised, makes a mess.
Not likely.
From center hole of paper the first edge of hole edge to paper edge is about 6/10 of 1 centimeter and 3/16 inches. Hope that helps
It's a basic 3 hole punch for letter paper (8 1/2 x 11). It is adjustable but not sure how you would hole punch legal paper.
About 1/4 of an inch
No assembly required. Just take it out and you are ready to go.
No, this is not adjustable. The holes are positioned for standard 3-hole paper. It is the favorite hole punch I have ever used (except for commercial hole drillers) and is amazingly sturdy and easy to clean.
It make the same size hole as pre-punched paper. Hope this helps.
I am not sure. From the bottom to the top of the support arms it measures 21". A 31" tall canvas would stick out a good 10" from the tips of the arms.
I used this easel to hold a 22" x 18" wood frame that is about 1" thick for display in our trade booth. It is pretty sturdy and am very pleased with it. Very light weight and fold down very small and compact.
Yeah, that should be fine. I used it for a few prints that were 24x30. As long as your canvas isn't too top heavy, it shouldn't be an issue.
roughly 5x3x17
I believe it will. It seems very sturdy when I use it for painting.
The easel will only tilt back to about 30 degrees
Very light yet sturdy easy to carry I've bought 5 most of my art group now have them
I agree with cjs here. These will hold my 18x24" foam boards and are stable if you don't touch the foam boards. Really for displaying only.
The height from base to center joint is 15" the two arms measure 8" each. They swivel up and down.
These easels are quite sturdy, and as long as the children are using them for drawing or painting boards, I think they should hold up nicely.
From what I have googled...approx. 1900.
No these are not these are meant for string crafts. Baking crafts are perler beads.
Yes. I use these beads for a project in my classroom for that exact purpose.
Probably not. The holes are only about 3.75 - 4 mm wide.
I can't say for sure since I have never used a beading loom, but the hole is quite large and beads not easily breakable, so I would guess you could. Great colors!
Too many to count. It took me about two hours to sort the colors.
About 3000
How wide and long is the oval? I would estimate the heart cutout is a inch high and wide.
3 and half cm.X2 cm.
I don't think so. I haven't tried that. The clearance where the blade edges meet is big enough for paper but I don't think aluminum can would fit.
I do not have the heart, call the company? Sorry!
I have only purchased the circles and they cut exactly the size stated in diameter (across).
"Medium" isn't really very helpful is it? I measured it at 1". This one looks like a better punch to me, and it's marked with the exact size: http://www.amazon.com/EK-Tools-Circle-Punch-0-75-Inch/dp/B0090JVBP0/ref=dp_ob_title_def
Mostly it has to be near the edge of the paper. You can get creative and fold paper a certain way to get a punch where you want it. You can wrinkle paper a bit to get the punch a few inches in.
Yes, it will, at least one layer. I would punch a couple of hexes from plain paper afterward to clear any adhesive from the device.
The product description is sort of hidden under all those pictures. Hard to find, but it says "This classic punch creates a 1" circle."
Hi Debra: I have used this tool to cut out graphics printed on matte photo paper and it does just fine. No worries.
Returned them, not as good as the EZ brand ... but we punch card stock and only one at the time. Good Luck
No, I'm afraid it's not powerful enough for that. Regular paper, maybe light cardstock is all it can do.
I'm not sure--the wire might "bend" as it's cutting. It doesn't do well on thin plastic,
Please contact Fiskars with that question. It is a rather long list. 866-348-5661
It is 1 inch diameter... The size of the inside of a bottle cap.
The size is 2 inches.
Yes. These are strong, that and card stock!
The furthest distance is approximately 2mm. The bottom cutting edge of the circle, closest to the handles is what determines this. You need to cut your circle close to a cut edge.
I think it would punch through just fine. Mine works great on heavy cardstock, so I think it would be fine with the vinyl. The design of these punches makes them very easy to use, so your hand doesn't get as tired punching multiple times.
No. You should look at the Fiskars Circle Cutter, which cuts 1-8 inch circles, and you set the size.
No this cutter is NOT for fabric. Only paper and lightweight cardstock, about as thick as the reply cards in magazines. If you want to cut fabric with great precision, use the cutter to make hexagons out of freezer paper, then iron the freezer paper to the fabric (shiny side down, using a hot iron). Then it will become a template to cut out a hexagon using the edges of the paper as a guide. Peel off the paper as gently as possible. If you use starch or Magic Sizing to press the fabric first, the weave of the fabric will be more stable for the part where you must pull off the paper. Also, look into English paper piecing techniques, where you wrap the fabric around a cardstock hexagon and join them together with whip stitches.
It must not be functioning properly. It works real easy on both paper & card stock and construction paper as well.
no, not on felt. using to cut soda pop cans. works like a charm!
I use mine to cut card stock (for quilting templates). The thickest I have tried is about 65 lbs (thickness). I haven't tried it with cardboard (as in a traditional cardboard box material).
There are 3 sizes, Medium, Large and Extra Large, and lots of shapes. You can search heart, daisy, stamp, cupcake, cloud, circle, block, etc. Joni
The large punch is 1.5" and the only two I got were this one and a smaller one. Call the company? Why don't they say?
John, that is the trick - it makes a large piece of round confetti that pops out. Any residue paper can be wiped out with a finger.
no!
I wouldn't suggest it. In my experience, that punch doesn't even work with craft paper!
I returned 2 of these so I don't have them anymore. The reach was short (less than 1/2") and similar to the reach of standard push-style punches. Also, I needed a deeper reach, so I tried folding the paper and using this punch to cut a half-circle thru two layers of paper--however, the punch is not very strong, so two layers of standard paper may break the punch.
Don't think so. It couldn't even cut through 2 wax papers together.
Plastic. They broke after one punch. I wasted my money.
I have checked on the Fiskars website and here is what I found: The perfect craft tool for making books, jewelry or altered art, this set includes four standard drill bit sizes. Our Craft Hand Drill makes it easy to add holes to a variety of materials when creating unique works of art. The easy-to-turn hand crank eliminates the need for batteries and cords while providing smooth, consistent operation. Our Craft Hand Drill offers a comfortable grip and includes four standard drill bits. Features Ideal for drilling holes in wood, plastic, paper, sheet metal, acrylic, mixed media and more for craft projects Easy-to-turn hand crank offers battery- and cord-free use Enclosed gears ensure smooth operation and consistent drilling pressure Contoured body provides a comfortable grip Accommodates standard drill bits Includes four standard drill bits: 1/8", 3/16", 5/32" and 3/32"
You'll need additional bits, but it accommodates standard 3/8" bits. The included 1/8", 3/16", 5/32" and 3/32" bits will make holes for wood screws in sizes #2-#5 WITHOUT anchors, probably just #2-#3 with anchors. All wood isn't the same. You can drill newer fir and pine with no problem. It would be tougher in some cherry, teak, mahogany, hickory, pecan etc., ESPECIALLY the Latin American versions where it may be coming from old growth forests. I had to drill a 3/8" hole in a 112 year old 1" thick shelf, no idea what type of wood it was. With a corded, electric drill I had to do it over 3 intervals separated by cool-down breaks when the smell of burning wood and rubber became too strong because old, natural wood was that much stronger than cheap, weak farmed lumber today. Keep in mind that the larger hole you drill, the more effort will be required.
I have only used it to cut through wood and metal. You might need a special glass cutter because glass can crack easily.
You need to insert your own bits. So the size hole would be determined by the size you selected.
Yes - dremel bits fit into it.
Hello, We have checked with the manufacturer and this can only be used with the drill bits that come with the hand drill. Thanks
Yes, it is pretty precise. You just have to be careful about the material you are drilling. For instance, when drilling into a shell, the drill can slide from your intended spot, or it can crack the shell
I dont really know but it will hold all kinds of bit's it ajusts just like a real drill. This thing is so cool I use it all the time. This puppy will drill threw pretty much anything. I'm a crafter Domino's, jewelry, Steal, plastic, sea shells, Buttons, You have allot more control over it. Good luck. And buy it you'll be glad you did.
I would say it depends on how thick the metal is. I have a vise which helps hold the piece in place as I press the drill down while turning the handle. My answer is, yes, I think the drill will cut through thin sheets of metal. I think it would also depend on how sharp your drill bit is.
No batteries needed. You turn the crank handle and it drills. It is so you can drill small holes slowly through delicate materials.
Here is a comparison chart that I found very helpful in selection of a dress form: http://www.joann.com/static/project/0812/P389799_select_the_right_dressform.pdf
According to my form and McCall/Butterick patterns it goes up to about a size 28. Pattern sizes are not the same as store-bought clothing sizes though. Max. inches are about 54"x47"x57".
My dress form is set for for me and I am 5' 9" tall. I only use it for me, so I am not changing the settings. I am pleased with it and wish I had purchased one years ago.
The pole/pipe/stand ends at a measure of 65" and the sets down into the pipe. If more height was needed it would be rather simple to add an additional pipe and clamp from the hardware store
Its not cotton, but you can pin to it.
Neroli, Thank you for your email. I apologize, but there is no free shipping to Australia, Please contact our international department for shipping rates. international@wawak.com. Sincerely, Gerrie
I do apologize we do not carry this form.
I have two, a regular size and a +size and do not see that either has an adjustment for the length...shoulder to waist or waist to hips. Maybe some of the pricier models would have that feature. Hope so as they are really very nice to use with fittings.
That would be the smallest selection on the full-figure form.
I do apologize but we do not carry a 3 in one dress form. You may need to contact Dritz for this item.
Hello. I have this loom and I can tell you that it is much larger than I thought it was when I ordered it, having 128 pegs with an extension with 40 more pegs. It is great for larger projects. Sincerely, Kelsang Pelkyong
That's a hard one because they are both wonderful products! The plastic pegs are easier to work with over all. I think the basic knit that comes off the 28 inch knitting board is better for panels. The all in one I think would be easier for garments or three dementional objects like little stuffed animals. Also for beginners the all in one might be easier to learn off of. With the metal pegs they are very close together and you could easily miss winding the yarn around for your pattern. I have both boards and like both but I lean towards the 28 inch knitting board. I hope this helps. Enjoy creating!
It depends a lot on how much time you have to work on it of course, and how large the item you are making is, but for me it's pretty fast. I always had trouble using the needles, so I would quit quite often, with the loom it;s very easy to just add a row real quick, or sit down with it for a couple of hours. I enjoy mine much more than I did using needles.
Hello: Pls Check out the actual Authentic Knitting Board website for more information and selections of many boards ( including another 28" board. http://www.knittingboard.com/Knitting_Boards_s/1.htm The following info is from their site. Each board has 84 pins for 84 double stitches. You can use them all or just a few depending on your project. The maximum knitting width of this board is aprox 30"-45" depending on the yarn and spacersbeing used. (I have 4 of their looms that I enjoy using! happy looming! )
Yes, it is easy! In fact, I don't know how to knit traditionally! This size is cumbersome and you'll want to try it at a table. I knit with this in a rocking chair and I can rest it comfortably on the arms of the chair! Also, I recommend that you don't use the full length of pegs your first time out. If they are packaged the same way mine was the instruction were wonderful. If they seem confusing try fing videos on-line! Good luck, it's a wonderful product!
Yes but you make panels and then connect them -- if you don't have a pattern on how to join them their website does
Last question first. The "needles" are actually nails. I use a crochet hook to loop yarn over. If you use a thin yarn the fabric will be loose and stretchy and wider because of the stretch, up to 36 inches. A thick yarn will make a thick tight fabric around 30 inches in width. To knit the nails are wrapped with yarn then wrapped again. Bottom thread is pulled up over the the top thread. If you have ever "spool knit" using a spool with four nails and pulling the rope through the hole of the needle this will be a breeze because it is exactly the same thing on a large scale. You can make this as small as the four nails like on a spool and just use four nails on the knitting board or as wide as the board. Just depends on how many nails you use. You can make the fabric as long or as short as you want just keep knitting for the length. It is very easy. The board makes a double knit fabric. I hope this has helped you a bit. If you have any other questions I'll be happy to try and answer them. Ginny
I have currently made only the two afghans which were the same pattern. In that particular pattern the yarn was Lion Brand Homespun and I think it was a #5. There was no problem and again that was the particular brand and number called for in the pattern.
There was a booklet but no DVD. The company website has videos that are very helpful.
Yes but they are the very basic ones. If u go to their website u can find far more techniques as well. I also recommend any book by "I Phelps" esp her Loom Knitting Primer as it has VERY detailed directions for all loom types but it's awesome for learning various stitches. Youtube is another good resource and if u search that author, you'll find her website which has quite a few free patterns as well. I don't remember if the Cd I have came with this or my sock loom by same. Company but u can find same info in Youtube by them. Personally think the All-in-One is really great because of how adjustable it is--basically making it easier to do many things including socks but this is nice due to length. Not too long or short so if u want to make clothing or small items u can--i bought since HAD original sock loom. Still find the AIO bit better somehow. Hope this helps :)
It's six inches from the bottom of the ziplock to the bottom of the bag.
The package I received did have 100 bags, but beware that the bags are only 1 mil, not 2 mils as advertised.
It really depends on the thickness of the card stock you are using. If it is extra thick, it may be a little snug, but if it "regular" postcard thickness you should be able to fit 10 cards in the bag with no problems. I use them for both business cards, ad post cards and the customer's order and everything fits quite nicely.
narrow
Very doubtful. The bag seems to be made of the same material as a Zip-Loc bag and I'm reasonably certain it would melt if heat were applied to it.
Hi Bill, I wish I could help you, but I really don't know the difference between the two. Sorry.
The length is 10mm and the width is 6mm, if you use to inches it is less than a half of inch long and a little less than a quarter of an inch wide. I have 6-10 and they are small clasp, what you would use with small chains or bracelets.
This is for all 100 pieces.
2mm you can use standard 20 guage wire or just standard rings.
They're shiny
The description says they are. I am no expert, so I can only go by the info posted by the seller. They are good sturdy clasps. And they are plated.
They are silver plated.
I've scratched the plating off of one, and it looks like brass. I don't think there is any lead in these, just brass.
One stone for all...different acids for each that is all...just wipe off once tested...and good to go...all stones same just need different acids...cheaper ones are fine..no need for big fancy one...I use one stone to test all...just different acids..
No. I just left it in the wooden box it came in then used it as needed. I did find the best way to clean them is pour the strongest acid you have, put it on the left over scratch marks and let it eat up the other carats that were left on the stone.
you are scoring the stone with the rub , so pick a spot that is less revealing and stay away from etching or engravings , I have used both stones and are equally smooth abrasion surface and last a while ...a good purchase . either one
They are very accurate. It may take you a little Time To Practice but they work!
1.5 inch buy 2 inch
Just on the stone somewhat but not really. You pretty much need to know already. Sorry,I'm not much help. Nice stones though as they have a rubber on the bottom and they don't move all over like the others that don't have rubber. There's not much to know on these. Just scratch your piece and put solution on. Now your solution will usually tell you with their directions on how to use the stone and solution..
Not actually sure why it says that in the dimensions at the top. Perhaps it's referring to shipping package size. If you read the product description lower down it says "This Frank A. Edmunds Scroll Frame Set combines (2) 6" and 9" spreader rails with a set of 12", 18", and 24" split rail dowels to make just about every size Scroll Frame a stitcher would need." This is true. The idea is not to work on the whole design all at once, but rather in sections. Do a 6" bit, roll the stitched fabric up. Do the next section, roll up. Rinse. Repeat.
This should work for you. I've used these for lots of cross stitching projects, and I love the portability of the frames.
The frame comes with detachable adaptors that can accommodate hoops and scroll frames that don't have holes drilled in them but you would not be able to use too large of a hoop. I have not used my frame for this purpose however so I'm not certain.
The bars have a split and you start the fabric in between them then roll it...
I start by getting a cloth that is at least 4 inches longer then my finished project. then I insert the cloth in the slot and make one complete roll to hold the cloth on the top dowel. Make sure the cloth is straight and even in the dowel. now insert the dowel in the top hole and tighten. Now insert the cloth in the bottom dowel and carefully roll it up so it is straight and even. now insert the dowel in the bottom hole and tighten. this will allow you to loosen the dowels and scroll you project as needed.
Yes. The have a hole half way down the spanners so they can be used with a stand. I use my set of scroll frames with this one. http://www.amazon.com/Edmunds-Adjustable-Table-Lap-Stand/dp/B000OCQC7E/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1377272424&sr=8-3&keywords=Edmunds+Frame
Yes, centimeters are small measurements, possibly the smaller size frame will do. To make sure do the conversion making sure the smaller measurement is equal to or less than the 24"
Hi Monica, This frame is for holding material from the top to the bottom not to hold anything on the sides. It could hold sting if you wrapped it around the slots on top and as you worked down you could roll your beaded part up to give more room but only to work vertically, not circular or horizontally outward from the edge of the frame. You could work pieces of the length though and attach the sides of the worked pieces together. It could look like a solid piece if you measured it just right. If you use an elastic type of stringing thread it will be able to adjust to the curves of the drum. It could be done but I think a round size hoop would be easier. I hope this will help.
It won't. You would want frame with a split rail measuring at least 27 inches for your fabric.
Yes!
Absolutely! It's quite sturdy. I've hauled it all over the place (in the car) and it has yet to have any show of wear and tear.
Although I haven't used it for my beading supplies, it appears that it would be great! I'm a porcelain artist teacher, and I use it for transporting those supplies. I LOVE it! I also do bead work, and would not hesitate to use it for that.
My 17" Acer laptop fits in there snugly.
Sorry to report an object of that size will not lay down in the container as the inside actually measures appr. 12.5 X 16.5 .
I have had my tote since last October and although I don't haul mine around every day, I don't believe you would pack yours as heavy as I usually have mine and I have had no problem with mine at all. It seems to be made very well and if I decide to purchase another one, I will definitely go with another one of these! Plus, go to the company's website and look for information on their return/replace policies - I'd be willing to bet that they have everything covered as all of the crafting items that we cart around with us are quite heavy! I even stack other binders on top of this one and put the straps over the handle so I don't have to carry those either! I don't think you would be disappointed!!
Hello Dianne. A plastic storage cases with that dimension won't fit, since this crop measures aprox. 12.5X16.5, by a little bit. Hope that helps. Regards
I do not have the cart available to me right now, but, it does have metal framing and believe the bottom is the same.
No
I am 5'9" and find this tote to be comfortable to roll around....if you need me to measure the height, let me know.
Sorry, black is the only available lining colour.
As I see it, 3/4 inch!!!
Yes. I use it for jewelry and it works well for the little word inside the band of a ring.
Yes
Yes! This product works well with foam! I used it to secure foam with batting on an upholstery project and I am confident in its holding ability. Was somewhat skeptical before I used it but it worked amazingly well with no slipping, bunching or coming unglued. This was used in a teen room at a club used by hundreds of kids all summer. I couldn't be happier with the product! :)
I wouldn't spray any type of adhesive on my floors and it expect it not to damage the floor - I mean maybe you could figure out how to remove it some day, but...
Hi Ann. The label on the can gives all kinds of warnings about flammability during use but mentions nothing about after it cures so, I called the 1-800 number for more info. Angela, in the technical department says that after the product has cured, it's fine. Give it at least 24 hours to cure. If you're really concerned give it 2 to 3 days. Once the product has cured, all flammable contents have flashed off and will not ignite. I had asked specifically about using a 60 watt light bulb (incandescent) in this instance. It should be just fine. Go ahead and make your lamp shade.
Yes,Its crazy sticky...
I just tested gluing printer paper to cardboard box and it bonded like a shipping label. The paper tears leaving a layer of paper with the glue on the box when trying to remove.
I wasn't real impressed
yes, I believe it would work perfectly.
Hey Sandy,they will probably stick together pretty well,but will not dry strongly,because it will not soak into the plastic. So it might be like gluing 2 pieces of glass together. However the benefit is, that they can still be taken apart,even if you run them under warm water.. Have fun,. All the best to you.
I don't recommend this product for clear glass. It leaves a white sticky film on whatever you spray it on. Perhaps if you sprayed it on the back of the feathers? But it may leave the feathers white and tacky to the touch.
yes it will, just dont use it on styrofoam letters... they'll melt, lol
Lengthwise it should be fine. You can adjust the length of the compartments as mush as you want. However, the width of each compartment is fixed at about 2 inches.
Yes, search "artbin dividers" on Amazon. You will need to know the model number of the bin you have to be able to select the right dividers, as there are several choices. The ones for this particular bin is linked here: http://www.amazon.com/ArtBin-Tarnish-Inhibitor-Divider-12-Pack/dp/B001BKPK12/ref=pd_sim_ac_3?ie=UTF8&refRID=0DXTQPD2ZW2959NSPYF4
I don't know what wash tape is. I tried to do a search to find out but didn't get any results. The box is 2 inches tall. Each row is just a bit over 2 inches wide. The box itself is just over 13 inches wide. It had dividers that you put in where you need them to be with options every 1 1/2 inches. I hope this helps.
No, unfortunately for your situation, this carrier would not be useful. The horizontal dividers are permanent, and serve as anchor-points for the vertical (and removable) dividers.
The compartments in this carrier can be adjustable. Sides can be removed to make each compartment bigger. I hope this helps.
I believe it will. Each row is 13.5" x 1.875" x 1.875"
the main horizontal dividers are permanent. But you can adjust the side dividers to your liking. I believe they said it will come with a certain amount of dividers. That way you can adjust it to fit long or short items.
Ink black #2200, teal green #1300bark #2000, baked earth # 1800, poppy red # 0400, sea blue#1200, sun yellow #0200, fuschia #0700, deep indigo # 1100, leaf green # 1600, tangerine #0300, and apple green #1400. It is a pretty good range of colors. I bought them to create on fabric.
I use water and then heat set it with a dry iron. I've not had any problems with it washing out or running.
I just use a regular electric sharpener, a small battery operated. Never had any problem. I love these pencils.
The inktense hues are too bright, there are no flesh tones per say. But if you water it down a lot, I bet you could create some by mixing the colors provided but they are really bright.
The major difference between this particular set and the watercolor pencils is that the colors are much more intense. Otherwise they work similarly to the watercolor pencils. The manufacturer claims that the colors are actually inks and that they are permanent when completely dry. Watercolor pencils can generally be worked again after they are dry. I think these pencils would complement rather than replace the watercolor pencils. I suggest that you get this set and try them as I think you will enjoy working with them.
No
The Inktense Pencils are very vibrant. I take the wet brush to the pencil to pick up the color then take the brush to the paper.
you uses these like a watercolor pencil, so if u want them to dry quicker in the sense you are using it like a watercolor then yes. Do not use it on the pencil itself u will melt it.
All great colors: Lemon yellow, cad yellow,camboge hue,cad orange hue,cad red deep hue, cad red pale hue,rose madder,purple lake, ultra marine, cobalt blue, cereulean blue, intense blue, veridin,emerald,hooker greed dark, paynes gray, raw umber, yellow ochre, burnt sienna, indian red, burnt umber, sap green, lamp black, and Chinese white. You should paint all of them out on a grid, because they look a lot different on paper and it is a good reference to use when painting.
You can buy replacement half pans of the missing color, or you could buy that same color in tube form and make your own cake watercolors. To do this put the color in the empty pan and let it dry out. To use just add water and paint. Everytime the color runs out you can add more from the tube. If you paint a lot this may be more cost friendly. Tube watercolors are also easier on your brushes. Personally, I prefer the tube version as I find the watercolors stronger in pigment, more concentrated than the pan versions. I need to use less of it to get strong solutions versus the pans. Hope this helps.
The description is totally off here. This is a set of 24 pan (solid blocks) watercolors - not tubes. Pan colors can be left to dry in their respective slots so there is very little waste.
A lot of people have told me that glueing them is the best option, however, if you've used them enough times or if you add some water to it, the paint will stick itself to the container.
There are two options: 1. Open as is: 9-1/8" x 8-1/8" 2. Open as is and add the insert for additional pallet space: 12-1/2" x 8-1/8"
The colors are listed in question #1. These are not professional grade, but they are a very nice set. There is a lot of pigment in them and they are nice and bright. Unless you are a professional painter, these are a good set to have.
I have looked for them but can't find them anywhere. What I'm going to do is use Aleenes repositional glue and glue the pans in. You can get pans the cheapest on eBay. With the glue you can make glue balls that holds well, but is not permanent. I think this will work.
Hello, Jessica, Thank you for your question; as the picture shows, there are 24 blocks in this set. I am sorry for the incorrect bulletpoint and I've asked Amazon to remove it. Sincerely, Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All Artists
I can answer this. it's "kinda" pocket. I have both the field kit and this one. this one is slightly bigger and fits wonderfully in a bag or small tote, but definitely not in your pocket. go with the field box.
Hello, While we can not guarantee that date, yes, we should be able to get it to you by then.
Yes, it is a very good product have been using it for years.
I really would not know...I personally would not use a Ultrasonic cleaning machine for anything glued...i recommend asking the manufacturer...Sorry
In my opinion, I do not believe it is strong enough to much remove tarnish off of silver. In using with an ultrasonic cleaning machine, I would also recommend checking with that company's ability to use a specific silver cleaning solution that is safe for the machine. This Hagerty product is meant to help clean off skin oils and other grime from waterproof watches, necklaces, bracelets, rings, etc. It is kind of effective with brass or copper tarnish, but not fully as one would expect, so that's where in the future I'd go with specific chemical liquid cleaners safe for silver, etc. The fact is, I've even read that if one does not have ultrasonic cleaning solutions like Hagerty, then to simply use dishwashing liquid mixed in water...and that surely won't remove tarnish.
I did use it on wood as well. It worked fine for me.
http://www.krylon.com/products/short-cuts-hobbycraft-paint-pens/
Yes, but better to use White shoe polish. Don't brush it on, dab it on. It may take 2 coats to make it blend. I have also used toothpicks to plug small holes, break off even with the wall and cover with shoe polish.
I wouldn't recommend it. I'm not sure what finnish you have or how glossy you want it. Not a very glossy black and will not fill if it was gel coated surface nick
no
Doesn't say. But I think it is. I used it on an old car for a little touch ups. It didn't wash off.
Not exactly sure what pen you're referring to (Amazon doesn't include the item in your request-that's kind of dumb). But anyway I looked over my history and the only pen I bought was a hunter green paint pen thing. If that's it, I used it to touch up a scraped up decal on my work truck. It is still on there and holding up so hopefully that helps.
Pretty much though not as shiny unless its on something metal. I've used it to paint my power ranger toys on the parts that are supposed to be gold. Now if only they had a chrome gold.
I'm not 100% certain, since I haven't tried to remove it with alcohol, but I am pretty sure that only a solvent like acetone or goo gone would affect it once it's dry.
Yes, it has a wide tip.
i would guess that there are several more colors. if it's the same price as the 48 pen set, i'd go with the 60. i love the pens. they color like the copics - nice and even - AND you can color your stamps with them to make the impression. i can't do that with copics. the copics dry too fast. i really enjoy my Faber Castell Pitt Brush Pens.
No, these are not. The Big Brush pens are sold in a different set.
Although I haven't tried them specifically on glossy paper, I have tried them on several non-paper surfaces (such as a semi-gloss canvas). If you give the ink ample time to dry (will be tacky after just a few minutes and then totally dry after several hours) then it will likely not smear. However, if I went back to the canvases that I've done with them and wiped a damp cloth across, I'm rather certain the ink would smudge, so I do not believe that the ink is waterproof.
I think that they don't work for rubber stamps. They have a regular size, not like a sharpie, and there are washable, you need brush like a sharpie for that kind of work
It's easier to make tints and shades rather than true blending...if you are looking to blend I would suggest pastel pencils...I hope this helps!
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time we do not process International shipments through Amazon. I apologize for any inconvenience.
For plane blades a stand like the one shown in stumpu nubs web site http://www.stumpynubs.com/worksharp-3000.html
No it does not, it is 115 volts, 60 Hz rated. You could use a heavy duty converter, that can handle 1.25 amps. however.
no having having a 12 inch planner, I'm not sure but I would think you would need a jig to sharpen it evenly.
Yes, it comes with a perforated wheel and abrasive discs that allow you to see to sharpen lathe tools from underneath. There is not a mechanical guide for this, however, but the process is handheld.
the speed is 580 rpm. it might polish flat stock . I would use a buffing wheel and buffing compound.
I find that it works good for flat tools ,like skews and parting tools. I have not had much success with gouges. I use mine for chisels, plane blades and repairing the ends of borrowed screwdrivers. A slow speed grinder and any one of the sharpening jigs would be a better choice.
When a power converter is used only the volts are converted, not the hertz (or cycles). 120v uses 60hz while 220v uses 50hz. Converting from 220 to 120 will cause a motor to run slower than intended, while converting from 120 to 220 will cause it to run faster than the manufacturer intended. Hope this helps!
I doubt it. You could flatten the outside but the bevel on the inside edges would not be accessible. A fine set of diamond files is the best. Second is flat thick glass and a very fine abrasive laid to the edge such as micro mesh and carefully drawing the interior edges along the edge of the glass. The flat is simple.
apologies if this is a dumb answer, but this machine can only sharpen small blades. because of the way it works, you couldn't use it on a kitchen knife. so how long are chipper blades?
The worksharp is made in Ashland, Oregon however it is assembled from parts from allover the world(the electric moter used in the worksharp is not made any where in the United States)
There are 3 screws that are loosened by a regular screwdriver. On the back, by the screws, there is writing, showing you where to place the punches for 3 hole standard, 7 inch, 5 1/2 inch, 4 1/4 inch and 2 1/4 inch papers. Does this help?
5/16"
Mine had a small plastic piece shoved in near one of the holes from the front. Hold the punch down and pull this piece of plastic out and it will release.
Yes it does. The punch itself is metal, however the bottom is made out of rubber and is very easy to remove to empty it.
You can set up the setting from typical 3 hole setting to (7 inch, 5 1/2, 4 1/4, 2 2/4 etc) if you are asking the width from whole to paper, it's 1/4 inch. I don't have any problem w/ regular letter size paper, hope this helps
No, the holes are only 1/4" diameter
It works for my standard three ring binder.
No
Yup! I use it for that size of paper all the time. :)
Yes you can. The heads are easily screwed on and off. You just insert them into the track via a small port in the back.
Yes, although it requires a little effort. You need a screwdriver to move the punchers, so it isn't something that is convenient if you need to go back and forth frequently.
There is no lock down mechanism.
works great!
Not exactly. It has a sliding guide with a large range of movement though, legal and even bigger pages will have no problem fitting. The guide has 'click' stops at different page sizes. The holes are also completely adjustable for spacing.
Its actually adjustable so don't agree with a prior answer. Here I demonstrated how it works with multiple type of paper:
I tried it and actually made a video of it. Hope this helps people see how it works....
not sure what by "heavy stock" you mean. Te most I tried was 30 pages of 24lb weight; the puncher hesitated, but handled it nicely. It is heavy duty, but for your application I am not sure if you require better one. From the other hand, Amazon has excellent returning policy. FYI: the stapler is made in China.
I just tried it with both felt and cotton fabrics. A single layer punches ok, but fabric and felt were both 'pulled' into hole and punched hole had to be finished with scissors.. Double layers of both cut fine and were stiff enough to cut hole all the way through without having to trim with scissors. Triple layer of cotton punched fine; but felt was too thick.
It will allow 25 sheets of 24 lb paper, but I don't think I would make a habit of punching that many at a time as I believe it would cause great wear on the punches.
Erm... the normal distance? :) I will try to remember to look at work tomorrow. It is not adjustable. You can, of course, change where the holes are in relation to the vertical distance of the page, but I dunno about the horizontal one.
The distace is 1/4 inch. There is really no way to adjust that distance.
Yes
Hi there, It is definitely made out of metal! It's a great hole puncher. I hope this helps.
Not hard at all.
Yes
The distance between the two holes is 2 3/4 inches on center. The punch includes an adjustable papeer guide which allows you to move the paper from side to side. The distance between the two holes is not adjustable. Hope this helps you out!
It has two.
2.75 inches - not adjustable
I think you can. I used it to punch a stack of 10 pieces of paper and it worked fine. It should work on index cards.
It punches two holes.
This set does not come with a DVD. It's not really meant, in my opinion for a younger (12 or under) child, unless the child has had prior instruction in using the different mediums or is so artistically inclined, they just "know" what to do. My daughter loves hers but does not get the use I wish she could have gotten from it. I feel I would have been better off if I would have bought her something far less complex. She was 9 when she received it as a Christmas gift and I don't think she will fully appreciate and use it until she is around 12 or 13. It has taught her to take much better care of her art supplies, though.
Yes. There is a wing nut that allows you to make minor adjustments
10 lb.net wt. Add about 1 lb. for packaging.
The easel is built into the box. And the box is heavy. I was surprised at hiw heavy it actually is. I would say the whole thing is a good 10lbs. Its a wonderful item. I don't see any issues with it sliding much. If u want to be causious about it u can get some little stick on stoppers for a little of nothing at a craft store. Its well worth the money. If ur getting it as a gift whom ever its for will absolutely love it. I know my 8 ur old daughter does
It's a small box. Desk type.
Did anyone help you? The top bar has to be removed and flipped forward for use, then reversed out of the way when the case is closed for travel. The wing nut inside holds it secure so it doesn't fall out of its slot if it's turned upside down. There are also two sets of wing nuts in a small plastic bag that aren't identical ... one set of two wings is longer and goes through the easel base near the hinges. The shorter two go through the sides. The round washers (flat disks) go inside on the screw and then the wing nut is screwed on top of that. This is so when the wing nut is tightened, it pushes against the metal washer and doesn't bore into the soft wood. Remember all the wings screw on inside the box, not outside. This way, if one falls off, it falls safely back into the box with its washer. It also prevents the box from snagging on anything it slides against. To adjust, pull up to your desired angle and screw down the wing nut on that side to hold it firm, then again on the other side. Hope you enjoy yours as much as I enjoy mine. Hope that helps. :)
Yes
It's not very hard. The bolts can go on either side of the easel but I set mine up to be on the outside. When I got mine, it never came with instructions. I just sat down and figured it out. Good luck
You will find bolt and nuts to fit into a slot. Easel opens and rests against slider bar and bolted into place. I had to figure this out by trial and error.
I would say it shouldn't be for anybody under 8 years old.
Here is a link to the manufacturer website for the product: http://www.smooth-on.com/Getting-Started-Po/c4_1217/index.html. From there you can also find some videos that demonstrate how to use the products that come with it.
Probably at least 3 feet by 3 feet. You get a lot of mold compound and a lot of casting plastic. I have made 5-6 4 inch by 4 inch by 2 inch molds and I still have over half the molding compound left. It depends on what you are casting, I suppose.
Yes
2 lbs rubber. 2 lbs plastic. Enough to do a small project. Worked for me. Coincidentally I am going to their training class in Pennsylvania in a few weeks.
I don't think so
The resin that comes with it is pretty light weight. It would make a nice prop, with paint, but I wouldn't test it for functionality. On a 1 - 10 for difficulty I'd say that would be about a 2 with this kit. Depending on your expectations this could be a good kit for you.
I really doubt it. The mold is silicone and probably won't take temps that high. I really don't know for sure though. I do know when the pour-able plastic "goes off" its gets uncomfortably hot, but not into those ranges. Sorry, I hope this helps.
This is wrong stuff to mold your actual fist. Check out Smooth On website for the correct material to do this.
This one - it's a starter kit :)
Dear Idar, Thank you for your inquiry. No we do not ship outside the United States. I apologize for any inconvenience. Thank you, Karen S
No it would not be enough. You would need at least two
Depends on the third dimension of you sculpture.
Dear Jeong Y., This item cannot be ordered on Amazon and shipped outside the United States. You may visit this link www.dickblick.com/products/smooth-on-starter-kits and place an order to shipped to South Korea. On this website once order is placed it will be sent to our shipping quote department and in approximately 3 business days you will be notified with your shipping cost options. At this time you may select an option or cancel your order. Thank you Karen S. Blick Art Materials
Not sure if your asking if you can carry it with you on the plane or shipped by plane. Smooth-On to my knowledge ships to distributors overseas as well as in U.S. As far as carrying with you on a plane, probably not. I honestly couldn't tell you for sure.
Yes, this set can be used by both girls and boys. The set includes holidays such as Christmas, Halloween, Thanksgiving, St. Patrick's. The set also includes flowers, trains, cars, fire truck, animals,beach items, fish, airplanes, birds, dinosaurs, buildings, letters, and numbers.
I plan on using them for my baby shower onesie/bib decorating station I think it shld work fine!
No..just upper case and other signs such as question mark etc. Sorry. I wish they had lower case as well!
i would say they are a bit stiff for face painting, you need a much thinner stencil for that
No safari animals. Just the basic. Dogs, cats, fish, birds and farm animals etc.
No paw prints. Just full cat and dog stencils.
I would think so. You can use the stencil on card stock for a nice outline. The stencil is to make an outline of the shape/object, there is no detail (I.e eyes, fins, leaves) you would sketch that in if you are looking for more detail.
No
No it has neither Dolphins not turtles
They have a heart for valentine's day with the ruffles but I'm not certain on a star. They don't have variations of those two items.
Yes, without the light powered and turned on it doesn't serve a purpose other than being a flat, white surface to work on.
It should be ok for use with card stock, but as is the case with any thicker paper, it is just naturally more opaque.
To be honest l have not opened it up. l thought it had two bulbs myself.The box is not with me at the moment so l can't check what the packaging states.
The size of a regular piece of paper, the one I bought. However, they come in all kinds of sizes. Many people make their own. Modeled after the ones used in Reggio Amelia, Italy in pre school an kindergarten classes.
No. Only the little kickstand for setting it at a slight angle on a table
The plexiglass is riveted on and you cannot slide papers beneath it. Your best bet is to use tracing paper, or plain white paper that is translucent. I have also found that having a desk lamp that can be swung over the light box as needed can really help and is quicker and easier than turing the light box on or off to see how your tracing results look as you work.
Comes with a bulb installed!
When referencing thousands of slides, the surface area of this light box is just too small (for any reasonable speed anyway.) Also, light fall off away from the bulb is too much for critical reviewing. BUT, for just putting slides on the unit and "quickly" looking for 1st pass "go, no go" analysis, it can suffice. You must keep the box fairly level to keep slides from falling off the box. Another positive is tha light box is relatively inexpensive. Also you'll be well served using a magnifying glass!! Have fun!
standard light bulb or cfl
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
yes definetly
It's not glass. it is like plexi glass. its nice and clear like glass but more durable than glass. a lot harder to break it. when you touch it it can appear to feel and sound like glass especially if you never came in contact with plexi glass before. It is not glass though.
Yes, it is velvet-like lined. I have never had a problem with any of my watches being damaged. I don't know if I'd travel with it because of the glass lid but it's perfect for at home.
Yes! Each slot has a removable oval form that can accommodate most bracelets just as easily as it does a watch. I bought my case for storing my watches, but after doing so I still had almost the entire bottom row empty. I quickly gathered my favorite bracelets and put them in the case also. You can find the jewelry you want at a glance, and the removable forms make it easy to take a piece out and easy to put it away again. And it's so attractive I leave it sitting out on my bedroom vanity. I love this case!
Sure, most definitely. The bands that hold the watch or bracelets in place are flexible. It's would be good for bangles but remember the lid does have to close.
The short answer is "YES"...I mentioned this in my review which is probably buried in there with a lot of others so will mention this again. The watch will accommodate a 51mm diameter watch (except on the 4 corner slots of the case where the lid will impinge on them). The problem is the slots are spaced close together so you cannot have several watches greater than 45mm (that is including the crown) in a row without them touching one another/moving them askew to fit. If you look at the picture the watches are on the smallish side so it looks ok. I would estimate that they're no larger than 35mm (inc crown). If you skip a space between your watches, alternate your smaller/larger pieces, or don't plan to fill it with larger watches it should be fine (of course then it won't hold 18 watches). But if you have more than a few watches and they're all larger, I would recommend another case. Good luck and post a review of what you find.
Yes
I suppose you could. The watch holder is a solid foam block glued in place with slots cut out for the watches. Would be a bit of work and the results might not be very neat but I suppose it could work.
I think so..? Nothing special but decent. Removed it from the box and tied it with a ribbon instead:)
These are really small. Hard to hang on to them.
If you mean the post of your existing earring these Backs are friction fit but posts are various sizes. I found these very small Backs only worked on the smallest posts. If you are asking are these Backs the size you need for your existing earrings, they only work for small, lightweight earrings. Because they are very small they do not support very much weight or size which results in the earring falling forward because the Back isn't big enough in diameter size to hold the earring upright on your ear.
they look like they push on, but i did not receive ones i ordered, so i am not 100% sure.
thin posts. I could not use them because the posts of the earrings I bought them for are too large.
i'm no expert. but like you said pure gold does not stick to magnet. and correct me if im wrong but 14k is not pure gold....
Yes, I think they would work. The back of them would hold the post and would keep them safely on. Plus I believe the hole would be small enough also.
5 mm by .9 mm or 3/16 inches by 5/32 inches
I'm not sure if this helps, but I purchased these backs for my daughter's pearl earrings. The posts were slightly bigger that the 1mm you have. The backs that came with the earrings were messed up and too large. These were slightly larger but the metal is soft. The holes are not 1mm size. Just slightly bigger. Hope this helps!
Hi, I have used mine to make rings from coins by hammering the coin while rotating the edge of the coin held perpendicular to the block, so far no rusting or chipping has occurred... I place mine in the cardboard box it comes in and I wipe it with an oily rag when I put it away and it still looks new.
Yes, the dimensions are precisely 4" x 4"
The block weighs: 1.072 kg/37.8 oz
I am pretty sure it is tooled steel. There was oil on it. It works pretty good, at least for me.
The circuit barker for that outlet is 20 amps
It worked great for what about four
The only settings on this particular oven is for temp. It's a very basic oven. We bought it for destructive testing on our products, so this was perfect for us.
We have ran this unit at 1200F around 4-5 hrs with no problems. We've been testing the coating on our flanges with good success at these temps at 4 - 5 hrs each time.
It melts metal I think do to the different ways out there on making knifes you need to bing or google do some reading on it it might get you rough start of knife but best to make sure big buy so if knifes are what you want check into it first.
yes, but do check the size as i can't tell that from the photo.
I didn't think they held very well with out a few drops of super glue
It would need to be very thick card stock or laminated. They would work though.
Yes, it is.
yes we use it for jump rings and it seems to strengthen the silver a bit for better stability
You probably will only be able to put 5 or 6 rocks at a time into this tumbler. There are 4 polish powders, and each takes at least 7 days. Course grit, fine grit, pre polish powder, and polish powder. I would suggest you use the course grit for more than 7 days if these are very rough. I only polish agates, and they are not rough at all. you're looking at about 28-30 days for shiny. The one thing I found about the last step with the polishing powder is it sticks in cracks. Be wary of that, then use a toothbrush to scrub out as much as you can. Rock polishing is not quick.
Yes! check this out:http://www.ehow.com/how_6658044_make-glass-using-rock-tumbler.html
No
No. Just the tumbler, book and a spare belt
3 Pound is the way to go for starting out. Should you wish to expand at one point getting an extra 6 pound one would probably be a nice option
That's a good question! It does come with an extra band for the motor but no shot.
Unscrew retaining nut, remove washer, slowly working the edge ply the metal lid up. Careful not to damage the rubber, for inner rubber covered lid, gently pull rubber barrel edge back to release pressure/vacuum, then pull up inner rubber covered lid. It can be pulled by the stud that held the nut inplace.
I've had no problem with my Lortone 3A.
Does not come with shot. Sorry
I don't see why they would not work for that. They should be able to handle the weight of the burlap
They are about two and a half inches high.
They are metal so if you have a low quality/painted shower curtain rod, they will scratch the bar. No more so than other metal shower curtain rings though. You would need hooks with balls on the top to prevent scratching. They don't get stuck or overlap each other if you're using a traditional shower curtain (which has individual holes for each hook). I've used these hooks for other Pinterest-y projects (a tie rack and belt rack) and they can get tangled up and clank a little in that case but never saw this or heard any excessive noise when using them with my actual shower curtain. These are just very basic but very sturdy hooks and with 50, you'll never run out.
I'm sure, if there isn't too much weight in the hammock. I used them to gang patio curtains.
Yes! That's exactly why I got mine and they're perfect. Have fun getting your craft area organized.
I just got it today and it sure does. Very disappointed.
I will start with saying that I am NOT a jeweler. Here is what I do. Put the ring on the mandrel. Put a piece of PVC pipe on top of the ring. Use a rubber mallet and tap the PVC pipe, pushing the ring down the mandrel. The PVC pipe provides even pressure all the way around so that the ring doesn't get wonky. Tap the ring to about one size smaller than you want it to be then turn the ring over and finish to the proper size. Do this so the ring doesn't take on a cone shape. I will end this with I am NOT a jeweler, just a hobby ring maker. I have not yet mastered any part of this, but this seems to work best for me. There are presses made that are more advanced and easier, but much more expensive. Hope this helps.
Using my rather inexpensive digital caliper, and realizing that the very tip ( that is maybe the first 1/32 nd of an inch)is tapered in sharply, the tip is approx. 8.8 mm tapering out fatter to 9.45 mm at the #1 ring size mark. If you aren't familiar with mm size think that a dime is like 16 mm in diameter. Hope that helps...maybe use a medal dap set to round objects so as to fit them on?
Ring size 15 or 1 inch
Yes it does come with the handle.When I opened mine up it was just like the larger one that I have for large size rings.I love it because noe I can make baby or small ladies size rings.Hope this helps to answer your question and feel free to ask any other questions you may have.
No slot or groove. This one is ungrooved.
some mandrels have a longitudinal grove which is ok for sizing but not for making coin rings.
Mine is pretty accurate. I haven't mic'd it because there's been no need. Never had a problem
Sorry, we do not ship to Australia
The one I got does not have a groove. It also doesn't have a black handle like the picture. But I do like it a lot. Very heavy.
Yes, it does. It is an awesome kit. I got it for my five year old. She loved painting it all, and arranging all the pieces. The seeds sprouted and grew within 3-4 days. A good buy.
I bought this for my 7 yrs old and she enjoyed it. I did read the reviews before i purchased and a few mentioned the amount of soil was inadequate. I agree as some of the pieces would not stand up in the little amount and we had to lean them against other pieces. The painting was fun but did not take long to do. I would say that children might enjoy this more than an adult.
I think it the weather conditions are right there would be no problem. I don't know how permanent the paint would be. There might be some kind of sealer available at the hardware store that would make it more permanent. We found it to be pretty sturdy, but it was always kept indoors.
Our seeds were in a separate baggy none in the soil.
My Granddaughter used just the soil in the kit. Hers grew very quickly. You could probably add some garden soil to make it grow.
You could just paint but the first coat will absorb into the wood and your painting won't be on the surface. I would do either one coat of gesso first or and all over coat of acrylic first.
Its masonite, a hardboard made of wood fibers.
Standard
I have 32 sleeves in mine with pictures on each side of the sleeve...so hold 64 pics. that is comfortable. ...could hold a few more but would get tight. love mine so much I ordered a second one.
Approximately 1-1/2" wide. One available in one width.
Yes they will
It comes with 10 individual pages, each page can hold 2 images - one on each side - 20 total.
Thanks for your inquiry. When the lamp is on it is a warm white light not a cool white light.
I do not know the lumen rating. But it is 6 AA batteries. They last about 2 months if you have the lights turn on automatically for 4 hours every day. Hope this helps.
China
After having a 35 year career in miniatures building and teaching, I can guarantee that "Yes" glue is the ONLY glue I ever used!!! Fabulous. If too stiff, use hot water and dilute in VERY TINY increments stirring as you go until it becomes like thick syrup. A lot of book binders also use this glue. Cheers! Brooke Tucker
I use an old credit card or those free mock-up ones that come with credit card offers. Old gift cards work well too. Someone else said to use a brayer to smooth out the glue and make the paper stick well, that sounds like a good idea. My old jar is a little drier and thicker than my new jar of paste so I would spritz a light mist of water on top of the glue if it is a little thick so the paper can be slid over the paste to get wrinkles out. Otherwise it holds in place right away when I lay the paper down and wrinkles are harder to get out. If you jar is very fresh you might not need to do this--I would try a sample sheet of paper first to determine how it works for you.
I used this glue to put wallpaper in a doll house. I can say that it will most likely stay. Since it is a water based glue, I wouldn't put the picture into a "wet" area, like a bathroom. I hope that this helps.
I suppose it would, if you rough sanded the metal to give it some "tooth".
No
No strong odorous whatsoever...it's wonderful!
yes paste is thick not thin like mod podge. and I never had any trouble with paper curling-hope this will help
It only takes a few minutes to stick down ,but it should drie about an hour before doing anything else to it.
Less than an hour if applied thinly. Of course it depends on where you live & the temperature, etc. You need to prepare the glue to accomodate whatever you are gluing. The heavier the object, the thicker the glue should be (hence a longer drying time). Only activate the top layer of glue in your container. Hope this helps.
yes if you spread evenly and then i use a brayer to roll the two together it gives even pressure and spreads the paste out ... this paste liguifies as up spread it.. love it
They are about 1/4 inch. A lot smaller than I had hoped.
No, there is no frame. This set is more of a small disposable set. What we use them for is to mark poker hand cards during a motorcycle poker run for the American Legion Riders. They work perfect for that sort of thing.
Yes
they could but I prob. wouldn't recommend it... don't know how well they would show up
I'm not sure. I just bought stamp pads from amazon and Walmart and they were fine. Teeny tiny stampers, but the kids like them.
I would not suggest to have medals in this book. It is a nice scrapbook, as I am putting together my fiances Army career in this, but I have his medals in a shadow box, made for coins, medals etc. I think medals would be too heavy on the pages. Hope this helps!
Yes, they are.
Open the back panel of the book and you'll see a fold, lift it up to expose the screws. Kelly
Yes, you can add pages. It has the regular scrapbook screws. They are easy to work with.
No, it's not a three ring binder. There are screws that come apart. You can add as many pages as you like. You will need to add extra screws later if you need a lot of pages.
No, I dont believe so. There are special machines made just for that purpose. The cuttlebug cuts papers, light cardboard,vinyl and thin foam. Hope this helps.
This embosser is the current model but NOT the NEW ONE. That one is called New Blue Cricut Cuttlebug. It was just released there IS a new Cuttlebug and according to this new link they can be pre-ordered at Amazon and available Nov 1 2013, but I cannot find that option on Amazon's site???? http://www.4-traders.com/news/Cricut-Introduces-New-Blue-Cricut-Cuttlebug-Embosser-and-Die-Cutter--17332113/ The current model hasn't been out very long (a few years maybe) and was not as nice as the original model they replaced it with. Maybe this new one will be better! Longer plates and loading shelf would be nice!! That's all I know! Mine broke in earlier this year and I went out and got a Tim Holz Vagabond which is WONDERFUL and much more versatile and only about $139 last I saw here at Amazon with free shipping. My choice hands down to Cuttlebug, and if I wanted a manual machine again I would buy the Sizzix Big Shot which interchanges with all the Vagabond plates etc!
It cuts as well as embosses. It works just like the Sizzix machine, you can even use some of the sizzix cartridges. The cuttlebug is just slightly smaller than the sizzix.
Hello fellow crafter,You need to have embossing folders, plates (A,B and B).If you are die cutting you will need plate C. And paper. Simply place the paper inside of your chosen folder,. You will use plates B and B with A through the machine and turn until the folder reaches the other side, If you die cut you will need a template along with the plates and an additional cloth to protect the plates. There a demo available on YouTube if you needhelp. You can get additional materials from amazon.com Hope the this was helpful. Have fun!!!
Hi Melissa, To emboss you need plates A and 2 B's To die cut , you need the C plate and a rubber sheet pad to protect the plates as well.
Are you using this sandwich: A plate & die between 2 B plates? How thick is the die? If it is excessively thick you might have to just force it. At mop B plateost it will bend the top B plate. I have not used Anna Griffin dies ao I really don't know but experiment with different combos, til you get the right one.
You should be able to remove the handle and tighten the screw.
I have no idea. Try it with a sample piece.
I have tried with foamy and works well, I have not tried with felt, when I do I'll let you know.
Since it a hand operated machine, I would not recommend it for vinyl.. Try looking at the Cricut or the Silhouette. I have owned all three and much prefer the Silhouette cameo for vinyl.
It's just like a hole puncher- just bigger :)
Yes. That is exactly what I use it for and it comes out beautifully. I have a 3.5", 2.5" and 1.5" scallop along with a 3", 2" and 1" circle. They look really great building the three sets and putting them on top of each other with pops.
2.5"
The blades are pretty sharp, and I am able to cut 2-3 pieces of card stock at once. I'm guessing it should cut felt with no problem.
The case has a bottom storage side that's shallow, good for negatives or for larger photos, 5x7 etc or other souvenir items. Also the photo dividers are movable allowing for flexibility
1800 to 2000 depending how you squeeze them in...
There are five sections on both sides for a total of ten areas to separate your pictures. There are eight plastic dividers that can be removed to combine more pictures in one area. 6 3/8 inches wide x 4 1/2 tall. I wish it came with the plastic sleeves for the pictures. When I bought these at Costco several years ago they did.
Yes it does. However the down side is that the order I placed arrived busted in areas around the snaps. Returns were easy, but the replacement item also had damage. Living in Hawaii means sacrifices, I had to sacrifice this one. It was a better deal to have a friend pick one up and ship it to me. Somehow that one arrived in perfect condition.
this drills a regular size hole, just like a regular hole punch. 1/4 inch.
yea i think so. i was able to punch through over 100 sheets of thick paper. so i assume as long as the ziplocs dont slip and slide the punch itself will be able to get through it. before you use it on anything you care about test it on some crap material because there's some oil residue that needs to come off after the first couple of punches. then it's good to go. the way the device works is you put the items you want to punch under it and then you tighten and as you do that (by screwing the metal) it slowly "punches" through. it's more like a drill press than it is a punch. you don't slam down on the punch to get through the paper which is why it seems to be able to punch through so much. it's a slower process for sure but it's excellent.
While they are currently out of stock it appears that you can purchase them directly from McGill.
I have the 1/4" one, I just measured with calipers and it's .411"
The spine will not fit within the area that you place the stack of papers to drill. Hope this helped.
The big ones are about 3/4ths of an inch and the small ones are a little less than half an inch. They rip very easily.
Black, Gold, and Silver Pretty good stickers. Have to be careful pulling them off though, easily ripped.
No. They're regular stickers. So upset. Bought them to use as stencils for a diy project to make your own coffee mug, when I stuck the stickers on, they wouldn't come off and left a sticky mess. Smh. Waste of money.
Yes
I'm not sure as I sent it to my granddaughter in Germany. From the picture I assumed it was different color pages. Oh, different types of lettering but the colors are black, gold and silver.
I suspect it could. The problem is getting them off of the sheet as they tear easily.
Yes. @daveth3king
They stick very well but doubt that water exposure would be wise.
No, I am sorry we don't.
Not unless you have a white ink cartridge. Inkjet printers "print" white by simply not laying down any ink at all based on the assumption that the paper being printed on is white. You'd have to replace the black ink cartridge with a white one and set the font color to black for this to work.
Miles, Strictly speaking with regard to the product, no. The adhesive side is backed by a peel off layer that you remove only after printing. That said, you can achieve what you want to do with this product. If you are using MS Word, for example, you can type your message in a "text box", and then select "format" the text box, select "3D rotation", put "180" deg in the "X" axis, and the text is reversed. Print it that way and stick it to the window. It will be readable outside of your office window, which is your goal. Hope this helps.
Doesn't seem to be either of these....it's pretty well stuck to my classroom window and when I pry it off in June, I don't see it going back on...how disappointing.
I wouldn't think so. It is very flimsy paper that you print on and peel off the back, but it wouldn't last in water.
I use this adhesive for logo labels for wooden signs I create...and it works great!!
Yes, you are able to seperate the adhesive film with the actual paper. You can cut it down to size if it is needed.
Yes
This is a clear plastic with adhesive back. You can print onto the clear plastic, cut it out and stick it on the mug, but it will not stay on permanently.
They are not very flexible so sticking them on a mansion jar not might work. Try the labels that are made by Avery
I have tried that and they melt in dishwasher. Hand wash only
footprint is 18" x 15 1/2", and only weighs about 5 pounds (or less). Lighttop trace area is about 12 x 18. unit is 3" deep at baack and about 3/4 inch at front edge.
I have never tried to trace on fabric - I guess if fabric is lightweight, you could tape it on and trace on it - if it was heavier weight, the light probably would not shine through well
Yes. A Great purchase
Tape. Your thumb. A large brick. A small child. Sorry for the sarcasm. Assuming you're an artist, get creative. I tape what I'm tracing to the back of my drawing paper.
I'm not sure if I fully understand what you're asking but the instructions say: "Artograph projectors are guaranteed against all defects in material and workmanship for five years from the date of sale to the original purchaser." There are some conditions, such as registering the product.
I transfer patterns onto flour sack towels, and it is satisfactory.
No, this is for line/image tracing. It is a bright back light that allows you to see through cloth or paper and transfer the lines onto paper or cloth above it (without having to tape or hold the image up to a window for backlighting to trace it). What you need is called an Opaque Projector, where you can put a photo under the machine and it projects it onto a wall or canvas.
I can see through quilting cotton fabric. You should be able to see through any paper. I can try later today with a 28 lb paper and see if I can view through.
Yes it can. I use it for placing my paper pieces to fussy cut the fabric. Only bad comment is the electrical cord is short.
These light boxes do use a standard bulb of type F15T8-D. (The F15 denotes 15 watt, the T8 is the bulb style, and "D" denotes that it has a Daylight 6500K color temperature.) Amazon ASIN B001HXGNN2 is an example of such a bulb, and this may be available through hardware stores or home improvements as well.
I would say no. They are kind of hard to remove and really wet. If mine get tilted sideways, they run. Dye inks are waterbased, so I would use those for kids. Chalk inks stain and can be hard to clean up.
Yes the widest part is a bit more than an inch
I am sorry, I do not know, I've just used with stamps in card stock.
Yes, I used in embossing folders and I washed it with water.
they do, but not much. the ink is pretty translucent, some colors more than others. you don't get vivid results. for that you would have to emboss it.
Yes. It would require rebrushing on ink pad often though. i use a small sponge to dab on these and then dab the sponge on paper and it works fine for me.
No, the ink is not permanent and will not survive washing. Have you considered inking the stamps with a sharpee?
Each dispenser has 28 feet in it.
Yes. These tapes runners are acid free and PAT tested & approved, making them completely photo safe.
I have used 3L tape runners for years and prefer it to glue every time. The tape runner will only stay where you put it. Hope this answers your question.
It doesn't come off very easily once it's been pressed on firmly. So be sure you position it where you want it to be.
No sorry it will not work on fabric, made only for paper and photos. I tried to use on ribbon once and that didnt even work.
No
it is double sided. It rolls off the runner in very very small rectangular pieces...sticky on both sides
It's 1/4" wide and each tab is about 1/16 long
yes.
I have not used them on tile but have used the on metal and glass. I would experiment (the tiles are $.20 at Home Depot) with the white glazed ones. If you get the unglazed ones you will not be able to control the bleed because the porousness of the stone will absorb it. I did not have to seal it with anything when working with metal or glass. I would recommend not sealing it because you can get "spots" from the sealant.
I wouldn't think so, the watercolors just by their composition, would negate the alcohol colors.
No
Yes, it can be used on Vellum with beautiful results. YouTube has good video.
I would say yes because the paper I used this on is glossy, it is NOT porous, therefore it doesn't absorb the ink, it only stains it. Maybe try a small spot and be sure it dries. Good luck!
Yes. Make sure the copper paint is dry. Then use a clear polymer spray sealant that is waterproof and permanent. Spray several coats making sure they dry completely before spraying another coat. Let dry well before handling.
This sheet is very thin,very sturdy, but only about an 1/8". I love it. It wipes up with a baby wipe, glue doesn't stick to it, it is great
Ranger did not change the package. A true Ranger mat will be in a red and white box with the Ranger name and UPC code on the box. Any other product should be reported to Amazon.
It is Teflon I believe but it's very thin. Works fabulously! My friend uses a silpat and thinks it works just as well but I really love my ranger mats
A silicone baking mat has some similar properties as the RANGER craft mat but it all depends on what your intended purpose for the mat is. If this is to be used for crafting, then the two mats have different properties and would be used (most likely) for different purposes. The RANGER mat is great for inking techniques. When you use an ink/paint/medium and water, it is very easy to transfer the ink to paper for cool/interesting effects. Silicone mats do not react the same way. Water will still bead up, but it is difficult to move/mix your medium and you prob. won't get the effects you want as easily as you would on the RANGER mat (in my experience). So while silicone mats will hold up better and most likely last much longer than a RANGER mat (you do not ever want to crease your RANGER mat, I messed up my first one b/c I tossed it around and it got all crinkle-y on me and I had to replace it [learn from my mistake!]). But honestly, if you keep it flat [and don't use nail polish remover on it!!] you could keep your mat in fantastic condition and it would theoretically last as long as and continue to be as reusable as a silicone mat would be. Both mats are heat resistant, neither can be used as a cutting surface, and glue/resin should peel off both mats. So if you just want something to protect you desk/work surface from heat, glue gun, etc., a silicone mat is easier to maintain. But if you want something for inks, etc. OR you want a mat to use for techniques which are specifically to be used with the RANGER craft mat (aka a teflon mat), I would choose RANGER every time. Oh, AND IF YOU DO DECIDE TO GET A RANGER CRAFT MAT, MAKE SURE IT IS ACTUALLY MADE BY RANGER (the RANGER ones are the best I've used/found.) Unless you want to order an off brand (you can get multiple off brand mats for the same price as the RANGER, but you'll get 2 or 3 mats instead of only 1 RANGER mat) so you don't have to worry so much about keeping the mat "nice," and you could just toss it when it becomes too danaged (and grab another one). Either way should work out fine. This is only my 2 cents but I hope it helps!
No, it's the same as the front.
I presume, since it says it is. I absolutely love mine! Nothing sticks to it and it wipes clean with a baby wipe. It was a very good purchase for me.
yes, the craft sheet is use with distress ink and water
I bought mine a few months ago, and I have had no problems with it. I have many products by Ranger, and they have always been superior in quality. I bought another mat first, and it was much thinner and split when I folded it to take it with me to a crop. The one from Ranger has been fine. It was shipped rolled up in a tube. It is also less expensive than the inferior one. I guess you can tell that I like Ranger products!
No, it would burn it.
I don't think this can go in the oven.
I agree--way too risky to take my chances with my hard-earned money--but an INTRIGUINGLY good deal for the few who received it. this is for AMAZON: "Could you please FIX this so that the same product is sent to all PAYERS??? What is your problem, Amazon, that something with so many negative reviews out so few reviews is not being fixed in OVER TWO YEARS? Since you, Amazon, are considered an INDIVIDUAL under the Supreme Court, what is your excuse for being so dishonest with at least 50 percent of the customers trying to purchase this product AS ADVERTISED?
These canvases tend to be deep. Its canvas stretched across 1/2 inch to 1 inch wooden frame.
Yes, they are very good for Bob Ross's method of wet-on-wet painting.
It is just one canvas, they are really nice and a good deal though :)
About 13" wide and 10" deep. Small and lightweight. Not for large or heavy projects.
a 12x12" sheet of cardstock will fit nicely on it...with about a half inch of the paper hanging over each side.....as far as the incline angle....yes.
There is a small ledge that folds out on the bottom to set a book or canvas on. It works quite nicely.
Hi Angela. The item I received does not resemble the picture. It is a light reddish brown, a nice tone but not white. Cheers.
Not a full size one . The drawer has deviders in it the make 3 small areas enough room paintbrushes in the front and maybe a small pocket sized notepad In one of the others.
I bought this as a gift so I am sorry I really don't know.
Yes, that's what we do. I attached a "lip" to the front at the bottom because the bottom would slide forward (and off the tray) while painting. A little lip at the bottom keeps the canvas in place. Go for it!
To be exact..7/8 of an inch deep. Almost an inch..fits erasers, pens and pencils just fine.
Yes, and it has a small magnet to keep it closed when is folded.
Yes it folds flat. It's really super nice, I love mine. And it isn't overpriced at all.
Mine came with silver, blue, and red. The description is wrong.
The only thing you will have to provide is the fabric to be printed on.
I dont think you have to, unless you're mixing them.
The frame is only 10x14. It would be better to buy a bigger frame or make your own.
I was confused too, but I believe you add water to activate it. However I believe that you don't want to do it until you're ready to use it.
You shouldn't have a problem. You can use a template to mask off the area you don't want to use
110. it can work on both. I have used it on white shirts too.
Yes, if by that you mean the silhouette of the head with the ears. Hope that helps!
Yes you can use this cartridge on the cricut expression 2. I made a Mickey Mouse cutout and framed it for my nephew , very cute!
I'm pretty sure you can make it as large as your machine and your cutting mat will allow. On my smaller Cricut personal the largest setting is 5.5 inches, but on my new Cricut explore I can cut things as wide as big as the mat I'm using, the largest being 12"x24". The cartridge itself doesn't limit the size, just depends on your machine and cutting mat.
Yes it does. It has quite a few bows mainly to go with the pose of minnie, but I have used them alone.the one alone is really cute. It's a fantastic cartridge.
No they can only be used with cricut machines
In the box, I believe it is a plastic box. But no, not that plastic covering.
Yes
Yes you can cut in any colour you want.
I'm not sure. I have the cricut expression 2.
you cAN USE VINYL. cHECK IT OUT ON U TUBE
The phrases like 'Disney' and 'Mickey' and 'oh boy' come out joined together as pictured, but you can make your own phrases with the font letters.
For a personal machine, create or expression, find the images you want in the enclosed booklet, then use the CTRL and Shift keys (as shown in the book) to access the layers and features. With the Explore, you will do the same thing, but all of the pieces are selected on-line.
Yes. I used it to cutout the outline of Mickey's head. You can also cut out the outlines with a letter in middle, useful for banner type stuff. I was also able to cut out Minnie's hair bow!
We don't charge shipping, so sure, I will combine. :o) Debbie
Yes it does, it looks like what is pictured. It is a versatile font. I have used it on many different pages! Hope that helps
This cart is mostly just for the font, but it does include six main character cutouts, which includes Minnie and her bow. The font alone is worth the purchase as it is very versatile, but the six characters, different sayings, Disney logo and Mickey ears (like the hats) makes it great for Disney pages as well. If you want more detailed characters, the Mickey n Friends cart is great. This one just has the six faces.
The font is very "Disney"-like, yes. It's a great versitile font and probably my favorite go-to font for any project. You'll get a lot of use out of it regardless!
I would say it's about 200gsm. It doesn't stay on the package but it feels like similar paper I have. Not as heavy as cardstock but quiet sturdy. I hope I could help.
Its not as thick as a regular cardstock but, for my opinion, stiff enough to use as the base of a card. Its much stiffer than copy or drawing paper. Hope this will help.
not 91 ss for mistake
I bought 2 rolls of this 2 different times about 6montha ago to make earrings. So far no color change. Don't know if the material is guaranteed but I am sensitive to metals not gold and no reaction. Also it doesn't come in a presentation roll
Use gold solder: http://www.riogrande.com/Product/14K-Yellow-Gold-Solder-Filled-Round-Wire-18-Ga-Dead-Soft/600148 and treat area first with acid, then alcohol, and then gold flux, and then gold solder (see web refs on how to do this:). Use a good torch (not a soldering iron), and apply heat just to the solder (not the piece). Be careful to hold piece with a gentle metal clamp or you can distort or destroy the piece. How to solder gold: http://www.wikihow.com/Solder-Gold
The base wire (which is completely enveloped in a sheet of real 14k Gold) is most likely copper, maybe some nickel. But that never touches your skin---only the 14k gold. I am almost POSITIVE there would be no lead.
At this time we are not shipping internationally.
.031 ins. (20 gauge).
Round nose pliers are round-conical. the micro CHAIN nose pliers are flat triangular shaped, with a very fine flat point at the tip. Round nose pliers are for making loops and circular forms.Chain nose pliers are for grasping and pulling. I hope this helps!
Yes, they're smooth and can be used even on delicate jewelery metals or wires.
I like these for wire wrapping. They have a smaller tip that allows me to work in spaces my other pliers wont letme, like wrapping small loops for ear wires. I would recommend these.
No, not magnetic.
I use these regularly to open and close 16 and 18 gauge jump rings for chainmaille. Due to the increased thickness of the wire, it is somewhat difficult to manipulate 14 gauge rings without marring the rings, however.
Hi there, the point is 1mm This one. It's great for small jobs.
I've use them for both keychains and plastic pendants. They work well with my basic pair of 4-in-1 jewelry pliers.
Silver plated is the only information provided. There is no additional content information. The seller states that if you have any questions to contact them at: Ahastore Customer Service.
They are measure in the diameter across the ring.
To use these rings the easiest it's best to use 2 pliers. I'm not sure you could use them without a second pair or other tool. As for the gave I'm not exactly sure what it is. I'm sorry that I don't have an exact answer for you. I do hope this helps.
These jump rings are kind of small, and I use my pliers to close them, so no I would not use my hands to close them unless you have tiny hands.
Yes, this priduct is REAL silver andonized plate over copper. The anti-tarnish finish prevents it from tarnishing and discoloring your skin. This metal is Perfect for myself and customers with skin allergy conditions as there is no nickle or aluminum to irritate sensitive skin. This is the BEST long wearing Sterling Silver plate metal for costume jewelry as I have customers finding me many years later wearing rings that look as beautiful the day I made them! A bit wordy, but I do hop this helps, Cheeriod! Farah Rose Alter Ego Couture & Gypsy Wares Springfield, MO
NO! The silver coating rubs off after you wear your item a few times. It is copper underneath.
I bought this some time ago. I believe it was a softer wire, but I! not positive. I used it all tho.
Yes, I have soldered this wire. I have also used it for artistic soldering on my stone wraps. Just make sure it is clean and use flux.
I Binged the question and found the answer, I would use the 16 gauge wire, especially if you putting the time into making them. I hope that this answers your question.
hh
just for wire-wrapping projects
No, a few bends in the same spot and it will definitely weaken if not break right then.
Sorry I did not notice and I did not save the package but, I love this stuff and will order more
The larger the number the thinner the wire
You need to use the right needle for the fabric. There is a chart in the manual. Purchase a jeans needle. It does not have to be the Singer brand. This machine has two levels for the presser foot height. Just lift the presser foot as high as it will go, then lower to test this function. Invest in a "hump-jumper" or "jean-a-ma-jig", These are sold with sewing notions and help level the presser foot when approaching a thick area such as the flat-felled seams on the inside seam of the jeans.
My Singer Simple 2263 does, both zig zag and stretch zig zag. HTH
I think it is made in Mexico Instruction booklet printed English/ Spanish / French. nice machine and good price.
Yes, if you have electricity.
Yes, I do. My 8 year old granddaughter is learning how to use it with assistance and instruction from her mother. She loves it and is eager to learn as much as she can...she loves fashion design and making outfits for her cats and eventually for herself.
Yes, the SINGER 1507WC sewing machine will sew on buttons. It comes with the Button Sewing foot, as well. Instructions for how to sew on buttons can be found on page 46 of the machine's instruction manual.
Height 12", width 13", depth (approx) 7". Those are the machine's measurements without the soft cover on it.
The SINGER 1507WC sewing machine has a removable extension table. The removable extension table, when on the machine, provides a flat surface in front of the needle on which the fabric rests as you sew. When the removable extension table is removed from the machine, the machine converts to free-arm mode. The free arm allows you to sew tubular shaped projects and smaller, hard-to-reach areas such as pants or sleeve hems. In the case of the machine about which you are inquiring, the accessories for the machine can also be stored in the removable extension table, keeping them right at your fingertips.
Around 4.5kg or 10 lbs and it has a zig-zag on it.
Yes, the foot controller is included with the machine.
Yes. I use it to hold remote controls on heaters and TV's.
I don't see why not. It's not something that is heavy, so you shouldn't have a problem. Just to be sure though, I would recommend you follow the instructions and allow the adhesive to dry 24 hours before so it can be stuck on real good. I used it to hold a device from my headset and it stays on very well. I don't have a problem with it falling off.
I don't know Hard to tell
It barely even sticks to itself let alone stick to other objects. For the actual Velcro brand there stuff is lacking. The adhesive is weak, and the Velcro is no better. You would be better off with an off brand.
It comes in 4 stripes.
It should, you can use a few pieces if needed, holds very tight to itself.
Each strip is 3-1/2 inches long. I guess you could sew them onto your existing brace straps. Not sure if the velcro is as strong as what's currently on your brace, but it might be worth a try. Good luck!
I'm using to stick some heavy camera gear together. It's very strong and holds very well.
Yes
Yes it will stick and should be fine. Although i've had times when pulling the velcro apart the one side that is attached to the material or backpack per say pulls off and the two pieces are stuck together. I tacked both pieces of velcro down with a needle and thread and its perfect now.
When we purchased this it came with a Badger adapter.
I don't know that spray gun but looked it up and see that it needs 18 cubic feet per minute of air. I'm not sure what the Iwata- Medea studio produces but I think far less so it would not be suitable. It is designed to run up to two airbrushes at a max of 70psi each. Good luck and sorry I can't give a more definitive answer. Clay
Don't have the manual handy but you can watch TV and talk without the compressor interfering.Pretty quiet unit.
Absolutely, this is a very quiet compressor. I love it. You won't be disappointed at all in sound or quality.
Yeah it comes with 2 lines. Each with a 1/4" quick disconnect and the standard fitting that fits an iwata airbrush, it also includes a manual
I'm not at studio to look now, but am almost certain that it is only 110 v. The unit is not the beefy machine I'd hoped for, and is less serious than I was counting on. First, it overheats rather quickly when I've put it to serious use. Second, it has an annoying habit of running pressure down to almost nothing, and rather than kicking back on as supposed to, I have to manually bleed the remaining pressure out in order to get it to reboot and kick on to rebuild the full pressure (including the amount just sacrificed !) This little sequence is a constant deal, which further exacerbates overheating. I admit that my worst occasions happen in warm Denver weather on 85 + heat days, somehow that happens to be when the work really needs to be done, so I place fans directly on the unit and spray it down with lots of water to keep it going as long as possible. When it does shut off it is break time, or back to using it's smaller and older brother. Did I mention that the controls for setting pressure minimums seems to do nothing ? I'd say this unit is good for half hour bursts of work which do not require a lot of finesse.
I am not sure that these findings would hold something that heavy. I don't see a bail in the kit. So far, I have used these findings to make earrings, bracelets and seed bead necklaces. It is a great starter kit for me as I had purchased plenty of beads and stuff a year and a half ago, but didn't purchase findings. Then I had an accident and couldn't get out and about for a while and purchased findings here on Amazon. For a newbie like myself, the paper explaining what each piece in the kit was along with how to use them were a boon for me. I hope this helps!
Most of what in the package is metal an the same for the steel kit
I have antique silver, search for this: Darice Jewelry Designer Findings Kit - Antique Silver and this :Darice 1972-08GM GUN METAL Findings Starter Kit Also this:DARICE 1972-07 Finding Starter Kit Craft Accessory Box, Nickle Free Gold plus:Bulk Buy: Darice DIY Crafts Assorted Jewelry Findings Antique Copper Assorted Size (3-Pack) SSR-104
I don't know much about native beading, but it certainly has all you would need, probably more than you would use for native beading. Of course, it would also depend on how elaborate your work is. Like I said earlier, it has all you would need.
This kit is only the diffrent pices. It dors not have instructions.
If you go to the Darice website (http://www.darice.com/store/details/catalog/wholesale-jewelry-findings-kits/1972-08bs), they show this kit as "Findings Starter Kit in Caddy - Sterling Silver Plated: Item #: 1972-08BS / UPC #: 652695884672". Hope this helps.
The adhesive on the back is pretty aggressive. It can be attached to a wall but depending on paint type and wall you are going to have to be very careful when you go to take it off. When you go to install it, it may be easier if two people work together. One to hold it it up while the other starts to mount it to the wall using your finger and a soft cloth. Work your way slowly from one corner and work out, make sure you press out all air bubbles as you install it. When you go to remove it there are a couple things to make it easier: One - use a hair dryer and warm the surface to the contact material. Two-start to peel it from one corner and peel it back at about a 45 degree angle while keeping it warm with the dryer. Adhesive clean up is pretty easy from there.
I think it can work. I pasted my to the fridge door in the kitchen and put papers and notes with magnets. It has more than a year and it's working fine. I think you should try it.
Yes! WallPops are very easy to cut to any shape and size. They are perfect for craft projects and die-cutting as well as for DIY home dcor projects. Cut the WallPops with scissors, a die-cutting machine or a utility knife while they are still adhered to the backing, peel and stick! You can trace shapes onto the backing as a guide for more involved designs.
No
I think it would stick. My wall is semi gloss and it sticks perfectly. However the surface won't be smooth it's thin and sticks well hence it reflects the texture of the wall.
I almost positive that it won't ruin it. It doesn't leave anything on my wall when I take it off to move it so it should be fine for the refrigerator!
Can definitely cut and put on laptop (I've cut it up and used it as labels for plastic bins) - I'm not sure whether it would be a useful way of jotting anything down, though, since all the writing get rubbed off when you put it into your laptop bag...
This is way thinner. Almost like paper thin up against your wall.
yes, it's a sticker
This product is all white. It doesnt have any other colors. This is a white roll that you put on your wall very easy. It is a sticker that can be repaste the time you are putting on your wall to posicion it where you want it. I have several months with mine on my kitchen wall and it is very useful.
I don't think it will disappear. When I use it for bead weaving, it shows. It isn't seriously obvious, but against something it will most likely show more. It has a kind of white tone to it. I hope this helps you make your decision.
I have been using this type of bead thread for a very long time, since using this type of thread. It is very rare that out of all the jewelry pieces I have made, I can count on one hand the times I have had anything break, with this thread. You wait when you try it, you will see how strong it is. Happy beading!!
I was asked if I could answer this for you, although I use this Fireline bead thread and I must say in the years I have been using it not once has anything come apart that I have made with it. I can say I use the crystal 4ib/size B and it is really strong. On Amazon you can get a better deal and more of this for your money. I would probably go higher then the one I use which is 0.006" for your loom work. Give it a go, I would think it will do what you want it for. But I have not tried loom work before, so I can only say try it once it may be just what your looking for. Hope this helps a little, Liz.
It is very pale. Almost clear but it doesn't show in your work unless you go through your beads several times. Hope that helps. I use it for all coloured beads except the dark colours. For those, I use Smoke fireline.
Yes
Yes. Make sure you check the size of the thread (b, d, etc) and use a thread conditioner. Thread magic and beeswax are good and makes it virtually snarl free.
It would work well if you get the 4 lb. test. That is fine, but also easy to cut with bugle beads. Standard practice is to use a seed bead on both ends of the stitch to keep the always sharp bugle beads from cutting the thread. That is a problem no matter which type of thread you use. I like to go through the beads twice too.
hello Nora, I cut fireline with a scissors, usually the small embroidery type of scissors. Hope that helps.
yes
.10 ml in the tube. .34 fluid ounces US.... not much Pint but I use their quality colors as finishing touches with small brushes on large pieces where I work with pint jars of paint used with acrylic mediums as expanders. 10 ml in the tube. .34 fluid ounces US.... not much Pint but I use their quality colors as finishing touches on pieces where I work with pint jars of paint used with acrylic mediums as expanders. I use the "Art Nail brushes sold for over a dozen small brushes with shipping which are small and durable for less than 3 dollars. Experiment and focus on the experience rather than the result....you can always paint over your project or add to it, may be cut it out and use in a collage.... After all Picasso made us all artists and the creative experience is the most important part of being creative lost in the here and now
it depends on what you're painting. i sue this paint for the final highlights because it is very thin. what are you painting? you need to do several layers with this paint because it is so thin.
Are you using just one color? In that case it might not be. I would look to purchase a larger tube of just the one color.
not for outdoor use. the lights are for indoor displays at Christmas or other occasions. i would not use these lights for long periods of time and NOT in night lights.
Yes.
From the bulb to the switch is 28". From the plug to the switch is almost 31".
I wouldn't use anything about the small nitelight bulbs
I opened the packages up and put them in the salt lamps so I didn't ready the packaging. Sorry.
I've had them running for 6 hours with no problems or heat building up
Yes, it would be perfect for that.
I think that the light would work in a paper lantern since the bulbs don't get too hot You're probably going to put it right up the middle through the hole at the bottom,so that should be far enough away from the paper sides of the lantern.
Not familiar with Kohl's Christmas Village but I imagine the Heartland Valley would be suitable.
Hello Thank you for your question. No thats the way we price them sorry. Staff
A bit over 6 inches plus the point.
It is a very rugged nylon weave. Thick and protective.
I found them at Azel Art here in Dallas but I imagine that Amazon should have them as well.
Small size- approx 3 x 5 it fits inside of zippered pouch
Yes
No it does not
No. They are just regular color pencils.
No, it does "not" include a 6H pencil. It includes: 6B, 5B, 4B,3B, 2B, B, HB, H, 2H, 3H, 4H, 5H, as well as an eraser, pencil sharpener, and a sketch pad. Hope this helps. ~Chelsea
The paper pad included is 5 inches by 7 inches, it is a 1/4 inch thick. The actual case itself measures about 5 3/4 x 10 3/4 inches. I too wanted to figure out what refills could be used. 5 inches is the max width of the elastic bands inside which keep the pad in place. A 5.5 X 7.75 inch book 1/2 inch thick does not fit in the elastic AND does not fit if you don't use the elastic. It is too wide to shut the case and get it zipped. You could fit something up to about 9 inches long, but you would have to keep the max thickness at or below 1/2 inch otherwise you will not be able to close the case since the pencil sharpener will touch the pad - this is why they provide a 7 inch long pad - that way there is clearance at the top for the pencil sharpener. With the pencil sharpener intact you can place something up to about 3/4 inch thick and still be able to zip the set closed. At 1 inch I could not get the case to zip. This was true for 5x7 and for 4x6. I chose this for refills. Will try to update once I have seen them. I went with 5x7 because the 4x6 just seems so small! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001AR4E72/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A2IWCJ0AJPPRJZ
yes it does
5x7 but refills can be 5.5 x 10 and fit
Yes. One smaller one larger. It's not an enclosed sharpener, the bits it sharpens off will just fall wherever.
The set has 12 pencils (see other question/answer for types), an eraser, a pencil sharpener and a 5 X 7 inch drawing pad
They r about average length.
Unless you use the pitiful little pad provided in the kit, or you enjoy folded and crinkled drawings; then no.
I'm guesstimating because I don't have it with me at the moment but definitely a 4x6 size would fit. Maybe a little bigger. I usually cut up pieces of sketch paper to put in for emergency doodling but I usually just carry around a normal sized pad.
F is slightly darker than HB, but they are relatively the same thing
I think that gingher makes left handed scissors these are for right handed people. Check amazon I am sure they have the left handers kind. hope it helps
They are chrome plated and are the best scissors I have ever owned. This last purchase was for a gift. My original pair is almost 20 years old and I have had them sharpened once. I sew and craft so they get used all of the time
I found an address online to send them to be sharpened like new. Highly recommend. If I'm allowed to give you this info - go to Forveson online and follow their directions.
Says on the scissors made in " Italy " , hope this helps. I have 3 pair of Gingher Scissors to use when I weave. Mike
You are welcome.
For sure by the way it is designed.
no they would not be comfortable.
Retail packaging is similar to what we would see if we bought the item in a store. It'd be in a hard plastic casing, etc. Retail packaging is how I received these shears.
I suspect that you could cut leather but you would probably wear down the blades of the shears. I think that a person should have shears dedicated for different purposes(paper, cloth, leather)
Made in Italy. I am a made-in-USA kind of guy; in this case i made an exception, and could not be happier. Worth every penny. Great product!
While the finger holds are the same held either way, I do not think that you would find it satisfactory. The entire purpose of these is the large blade which protects you from cutting too much. Reversed you lose that protection because the larger blade would end up on the bottom. So I would not get these for a leftie. I found their contact info and included it below. Hope you can locate left-handed ones because they are just the ticket for cutting out tricky appliques and other close trimming work. The larger blade really does protect well. Gingher Contact Gingher Please direct any questions to: gingherinfo@gingher.com Telephone: +1 800 446 4437 \
Gingher - Italy - great works like a charm - well worth the money -
Bent!
Applique
Not being a lefty I'm not sure of the answer to your question, however the finger holes are the same size so you can use them upside down!? I don't know if this helps or not. I love mine!!
Yes I believe they would work well for this.
I am left handed and use these to grade seam allowances. Gingher quality makes them precise cutting tools for grading seams. I used them upside down. Since I am only cutting a single layer there is no thumb pain as in using right handed scissors. I don't think that Gingher makes a left handed pair or I have never seen one.
The thickness of the blade. 1 is thinner than 2 for more precise cuts but can break easier.
An inch max
At first, the cap stayed on nice and snug. But now, for me at least, the cap is very loose and isn't strong enough to hold up its own weight, meaning if you have the knife upside-down in a cup or something, the cap will stay in the cup if you pick up the knife. I can't confirm that this will happen every time, however, because I've only owned the one knife.
strong
Yes indeed. But you must be careful when cutting out stencils so that you do not over-cut the letter. An X-Acro knife is extremely sharp.
I just tried it and it does! Very cleanly too.
your standard modeling blade #2 i think ?
No, according to the packaging the knife is "Made in China."
Yes. Unless it's aluminum foil, I'd recommend a Dremel tool. If you're trying to score a piece of aluminum, this would work (briefly) but you'd be better off with a utility knife/box cutter.
www.highlandwoodworking.com should answer you question
When I used it, any excess was easily removed with my finger, or tweezers. I used it on ribbon, metal wire, plastic. I often squeezed out more than I needed. It dries clear, and I used soap and water to remove any on my skin, without scrubbing. Based on the other answers here, it must depend on what you are using it on.
Yes
It is a great adhesive for most anything. I use it as my "go to" glue
I haven't tried it on fabric to metal. I've used it on just about everything else, like fabric to an oil painting, copper sheeting to cardboard.
Not sure but "Shoe goo ". is a good option This glue may not have enough Flexibility to used on soles Mark v
Hi, Yes, it should be fine. Tube says "Weather and water proof" I love it and use it for a sure hold on all kinds of things...even glued a metal soap dish on bathroom tile so as not to have to drill holes thru tile! Still holding 8 yrs. later.
Probably temporarily but I'd go with something like Elmer's pro bond. It's really strong.
I do not know. I have not used it on foam.
No, once it dries there's no smell.
There isn't anything magic about it. It is simply a relatively enclosed place to blow the paint and/or cleaner instead of spraying into a rag or into the air. You just poke the nose of your airbrush into the opening and use your trigger.
I don't think so. The fork that holds it up at the end sets 2/3rds~ of the way down my brush. It doesn't look like it will hold the pistol grip.
Hi Cory, I think the original filter was made of some kind of felt. I have been unable to find replacement filters for it so I went to Hobby Lobby in the art department and found a round yellow round sponge and cut it to size or you can use Compressed Facial Sponges -Natural Beige- Pack of 12 by Sponge Producers from Amazon work equally as well but you must wet them and squeeze them out before you cut them. The sponge from Hobby Lobby seemed a little pricy for just one sponge, but these facial cleaning sponges really work well and are completely disposable and even reusable if needed. They are also very reasonable in price. Hope this helps.
It can be. I use it with acrylic paints which are water based and I always use keep water in it. This is a high quality product and I recommend it highly.
Mine has the same inscription, I assume Iwata has them made by them. In any case it works wonderfully and It's an item anyone who uses an airbrush will wonder why they didn't get one sooner, It makes painting so much easier not having to run off to rinse my brush out.
I don't know anything about Aztec airbrushes, but the images on Google indicate that they have a different shape than Iwata-type airbrushes. It appears to me that the Iwata-Media is probably not the best solution for you. However, you might check out the Testors Aztec Airbrush Cleaning Station - 9315.
It works with just about any airbrush on the market, the part where you insert the airbrush is made out of a rubber material
I've used it in mine with no problem.
I would think so. It's a pretty large ink pad so a paw should fit on it nicely.
5.5 in long x 3.25 in wide
it got on my shirt and a towel but i washed it RIGHT away. it came off but i dont know if it does once it sets in
Don't know as I gave it away awhile ago as a gift
I just measured our stamp pad. It is 2.5" x 4". We used it for our baby's foot print on paper. It smudged even on paper, and it took a long time to dry. Plus it was very hard to clean the ink off the skin. I hope this helps. We were not satisfied with this product, plus Amazon kept sending us the blue ink pad when the description and product we wanted was the black ink.
The ink dries very quickly. Within a few seconds.
It actually comes with 8 feet, if you include the General Purpose Foot attached to the machine in shipping. The 7 included feet are as follows: Buttonhole Foot, Zipper Foot, Button Sewing Foot, Narrow Hemmer Foot, Blind Stitch Foot, Walking Foot, and the Spring Action Quilting Foot. Also, don't forget that it comes with the Darning Plate as well. To answer the specific question: YES the Walking Foot and Darning Plate are included with this machine.
No, but there is a plastic piece that clips on and fits over the feed dogs. I've used it for free motion quilting, and it is smooth and easy to slide the quilt under the needle.
Yes and lots more
It is so easy to thread with the easy thread feature. It is quick and easy. I love it as my eyes are not that good anymore.
This is what the warranty document says: "Brother warrants to you for the Warranty Period that here are no defects in the materials and workmanship of this Product. The 'Warranty Period' is one (1) year for parts and labor from the date you purchased this Product. Electronic pattern control and selection components will be provided free of charge for a period of two (2) years from date of purchase (replacement labor excluded). Head parts such as shafts, connecting rods, etc., are covered for a period of twent-five (25) years from date of purchase with the exception of needles, light bulbs, belts, pulleys, motor, and replacement labor."
Yes it does.
Yes, this machine comes with a packet of bobbins, needles and some attachments.
Yes it can. The instruction booklet comes with instructions on how to do that. I truly love this machine.
11.2 pounds, it says it in the description.
I think so. I've only used one machine before this one and it was a really easy transition. This machine has a lot of options and settings, but they're easy to figure out. It just takes a read through of the manual and you should be good.
SORRY NO KNOW
You'd need more than a gallon. I don't think this would work good for a floor. There are other materials more suited to that.
I wouldn't expose this product to sunlight. Uv light breaks down most epoxies. You would have to strip it and recoat every year. Try a marine varnish for outdoor furniture
According to Envirotech it will yellow in sunlight. You can coat it with Krylon clear UV protection to prevent the yellowing.
A kit of two bottles is 1 gallon in total.
I doubt very highly, You might be able to have it shipped or talk with your carrier airline.
I would say yes. Just make sure they are equal parts and you have mixed it long enough. When your mixing tool starts to warm up, that is enough. Even mix it a little longer by a few minutes after that if you are keeping close "watch". If you think it had been warm for a minute or two, then I would say that is enough. Silicon is a very slippery substance. I believe you would have no problem getting it out when it is fully set. And it sets up nice and hard.
Scrape off the areas that are gooey and wet then mix again and re pour. I found that it really helped when I mixed it up on a scale so I had the same amount of both in weight. Had no problems after that. Also I was told by the company to mix well in a disposable container for exactly a minute then pour in a new container and mix for another whole minute with a new mixing stick. Throw both containers away after that.
If you are doing it I world recommend putting a coat or two on the vertical edge first with a sponge brush and let it set up. When you do the counters make sure you flood the top so it can drop over the edge. Smooth the vertical edge with a brush or flat edge. When it has set up to a little past the tacky stage you can take a straight razor and cut off any drips on the underside of the edge. Hope that helps.
I found my instructions. They say: Layer is approx. 1/16" thick [4 oz. kit = 1 sq. foot] [8 oz. kit = 2 sq. feet] [Pint kit = 4 sq. feet] [Quart kit = 8 sq. feet] [1/2 Galloon kit = 16 sq. feet] [Gallon kit = 32 sq. feet] NOTE: Be sure to follow the mixing instructions carefully to get good results.
When cool, turn counter clockwise. It is hard to start. You could try using one of those jar opener grips to get a better hold on it.
I think with the right attachment and care this would be great for cutting stencils but it's only a supposition because I haven't used this for cutting, yet. Thanks for the idea though.
You may want to consider the Versa Tool as the temperature can be turned down. If you want to continue with the 5570 I would suggest practice on scarp material first so you can see how quickly it burns.
Not sure what exactly a pencil tip Is but there is a rounded tip I use to write with.
Well of course there is always better ones but this tool is good if u are a beginner. Its worth it for the price.
I'm not sure. It might, it might not. The way the nibs are ( to me ) seems like it wouldn't do the best, partially because it's a wood burner ( it works best on meltable/porous material like wood/plastic/paper/leather/etc ) and partially because bones/teeth are so hard/solid. I feel like it'd only leave awkward marks or would require so much pressure that it'd put the bone matter at risk of shattering. Hope I helped!
It should, yes. Just make sure to follow the directions. It needs about 4-5 minutes to heat up ( don't touch the end bit at that time, it smarts ) and be careful about pressure. Too heavy, it'll scorch and make unsightly holes. Too light and it won't do much at all.
I would draw very slowly.. And it took a long time. I've never used another, so I figured it was normal.
I doubt it. It's hot enough for simple wood projects. Still trying to find wood easy to work with this tool. I just bought it to do a quick art study.
I think it would. So far, I've only used it on pine. It heats up quickly. My major project is a clock--I just had to make up mind what I wanted on it! I'm going with a sun burned into the center.
It would depend on how very heavy they are. Regular cards, yes
the pages measure 11 inches by 14 inches . there would be no room for edges on a 11 by 14 picture. so my answer is this is not for 11 by 14 pictures.
Yes they are. The pages are held by prongs. It's like an old fashioned scrap book.
No
The sheet protectors have been discontinued by Pioneer and are no longer available for this album. We usually recommend a very similar products made by Pioneer that has sheet protectors, it is the FTM-15.
They're tan paper, no sleeves.
Yes. This has the buff color pages. It is perfect for newspaper clippings
It can hold at least 50, probably more, because it has the ability to expand by unscrewing the screws at the back and inserting the additional pages. I have one with silk and it is very attractive.
50 paper pages- 1oo front and back- I bought plastic pages
Yes they can. but if they are use for painting with a outside paint toss them. If I used the brush with a waterbase paint for touch ups you can wash the brush & reuse.
I don't know for sure on that. I use mine to spread Modpodge and other crafts. But I don't see why not. They are foam and I wash them in the dishwasher and reuse them.
The length of the handle is 4 inches. The length of the foam is 1.5 inches. The width of the foam is 1 inch.
These are stiff enough to use with polyurethane or paint.
It has a plastic stiffener that goes to within 5/16" of the end of the brush
Yes, I have been using it for my soaps but it is hard to gauge how the color will end up looking in the end...kind of a fun surprise, I guess!
Ingredients list on the back is as follows: De-ionized water, D&C Red #28, D&C Violet #2, FD&C Yellow #5, D&C Green #5, D&C Red #4, D&C Orange #4.
Yes. It is light.
I don't think so
I would go with the Expression so you're not as limited with sizes. With the smaller one you can only cut up to 5". I have had mine for about 4 months (I've never had one before this) and it is awesome! If you do as much paper crafting as you say, you'll be much happier with the larger one. Yes, it is bigger, but I think it's worth the extra space. Also there isn't a huge price difference between the two. (Do NOT buy one at your local craft store, go online!ohmycrafts.com, customcrops.com or ebay) You will find with the expression there are a lot of other things to do with it besides paper crafting, such as home decorating with the vinyl. You can also do mix 'n match, flip and center point which allows you to center an image and cut a shape around it. When I was looking to purchase one I had the same question you have, and I'm glad I went with the expression because I couldn't imagine being limited by the smaller one. Keep in mind if you do want the smaller one there are two versions: the personal and the create. The personal is the older model with less features, the create has the same features as the expression but the smaller size. But once again, I see no point in getting that one unless you are truly limited on space. The expression is not that heavy so if you had to move it it wouldn't be that big of a deal. Hope this helps!
Yes it will. I have used that thickness and have never had any trouble.
Instructions 1 Plug the small end of the USB cable that came with your Cricut machine to the USB port in the back of your Cricut. 2 Plug the other end of the USB cable into an available USB port on your computer. Sponsored Links Free Printable Stencils Create & Print an Array of Stencils-Download Free Toolbar! www.myscrapnook.com 3 Open Cricut Design Studio or Sure Cuts a Lot software on your computer. 4 Turn your Cricut machine on. Sponsored Links Windows 7 Driver Download Windows 7 Drivers Latest Download. Microsoft Certified. (Recommended) www.windows-7.driverupdate.net Free Free Templates Easily make Free Templates 100% Free Download - Start Now! www.scrapb00k.com Read more : http://www.ehow.com/how_6030082_connect-cricut-computer.html Read more : http://www.ehow.com/how_6030082_connect-cricut-computer.html
No internet or PC is required for use. You just have to buy cartridges with designs on them.
If you have the Cri-cut Personal Electric Cutter and a font cartridge, you can cut large letters from cardstock and glue to posterboard. If you have the larger Cri-cut machine, you can cut using 12x12 inch cardstock and vinyl.
Not on this machine. On the Cricut Explore you can.
I've never tried that, but I bet it could!
There seems to be no end to the diversity of cricut cartridges available . . . I just "google" cricut cartridges, or more often, search for cricut cartridges under amazon. For specifics, such as "fonts," I google "cricut font cartridges."
no. mine can't.
Yes they are prestamped
I scotch guard my felt before I start, so far I've made about 30 stockings and 4 tree skirts. Some are several years old and still look clean I've never washed them. I'd be afraid the sequins would discolor. I also line the stocking for the added wear on the piece.
I am not sure what type of felt it is but is IS NOT wool. I think if it was wool, the stocking would be too heavy.
The felt pieces in this kit were nice, a good quality and thickness. I would recomment hand washing if necessary, or just spot cleaning. If it is dusty - try a blast of canned air. I would not recommend a vigorous washing - unless you know your handiwork will stand up to it. I put easy-knit interfacing on the back of the front piece before putting the stocking together to kind of seal up and protect the threads that may be on the inside. (low heat, gently on a tick towel - kind of like blocking a sweater - just enough to fuse the interfacing). My daughter carried it around for two days after Christmas last year (she was 3) and then I just gave it a quick look over and made sure no spots, or loose decorations - put it in a 2.5 gal zipper bag and put in the cupboard.
I had a different stocking. I would probably do candy first.
I would look for a company number or contact number on the back of the packaging or inserts.
This is a kit. It comes in pieces and you will have to put it together and do all the embroidery yourself. Good luck!
3/4"
2 1/8" x 2 1/8" x 3/4" thick. (55 mm x 55 mm x 20 mm)
I'm not sure I fully understand the question but here's my best guess. I think the product dimension refers to the packaged product. It is mounted on a descriptive card with the product in a sealed plastic bubble. The box dimension refers to the plastic housing holding the clock movement and battery slot.
Use the 3/4"
it refers to the length of the threaded part of the "stem" that holds the hands...how thick is the clock face? I used it to go through a piece of wood and this was the longest I could find and it worked pretty well. Hope that helps.
It's not 100% silent but it's not irritatingly loud either. I have it in my family room over our big-screen t.v. so we hardly notice it. But if it's for a bedroom and your son is a very light sleeper, he may be able to hear it, but just barely. Hope this helps.
One AA size battery.
7/8"
I used it with a six inch clock face.
This was a piece of junk.
Yes, it will fit. However, like I stated in my review, sew slowly.
I don't know for sure, but since most cotton thread or anything else cotton is made from cottonseed I wouyld guess it would have to be dyed for the general market. See how many shades of white there are for example. Hope this is helpful.
Thank you for contacting Threadart. No, there should not be knots in the thread off the spool.
The description now is different from when I purchased it in 2009. But it was a continuous roll of 18 inches by 200 feet.
yes these are still available.
Yes it is
No. But I just cut several sheets each time so I have some ready to go.
That's odd. It's a roll or paper, not sheets like in the picture.
Yes, I think so.
I do not know what in the world is up with that picture because mine was as the description, in a roll, not folded like that picture. Good luck. Probably the picture is wrong, though.
this no longer matches what I ordered years ago (my order was for sheets of paper. what I received did not match what was advertised, so be careful). Sorry I can't help.
Yes; works for my children.
No, it doesn't have wax. My kids use both sides for coloring and it's the same on front and back
I bought 44 " and IT came in one piece.
It comes in one long piece - but you should ask the vendor. Very nice quality.
I wouldn't use it for a table cloth because it is so thin. It probably has a lot of sizing in it to give it the body it does have. I used it for curtains for a college dorm room and lined it with a white cotton fabric of similar weight because I wanted an inexpensive fabric that only need to last a couple of years and would not need to be washed. It worked well for that use. If the fabric is not substantial enough to wear, it would not be substantial enough for a table cloth that must be washed from time to time. Hope this is helpful to you.
no it is more like a duck cloth- stiff not at all like t shirt material
I order 100% cotton and I assume that this is what I received..... I am using the material as a small drape and it works well
the width is 44" as stated, it is sold by the yard, you have to tell them how much you want yardage wise. I specified I wanted say 6 yards but wanted it to be all one piece, not 6 separate pieces.
No, this is very light and fine material. It is good for lightweight men's shirts, maybe even lightweight cotton semi sheer curtains, but not for a headboard. Might be good for a cotton lining in a women's jacket. I sure hope this helps out Linda.
60 inches
One 4 yard length. I ordered 2 and that's how it came...
We used a cable curtain rod (sold through Amazon). (Look it up on Amazon's site.) My wife simply hemmed the material top and bottom, after sewing the panels together to create enough length. It all fits nicely behind our exesting drapes. This proved an excellent solution for our southern exposure room.
wow, i never thought about using it for something like that. i suppose it would work. although the fabric is ivory colored on one side and white on the other. between the two sides you should be able to find which works best, unless you want to get a white roc-lon fabric to be sure, i think they make that. it smells a lttle chemically, i put mine on the clothes line for an hour or so before making the drapes to get rid of the strong smell. you might want to do that before putting it in a family room or other small space.
I washed (after sewing it) on the laundromat (didn't use the dryer) and it came out perfectly fine.
I have actually thrown mine in the washer a few times. It came out softer which isn't a bad thing depending in how you hang it sometimes not being so stiff makes it hang better
This is what the posting for the lining said: Blackout Drapery Lining This fabric is sold by the yard and cut to order. The dimensions of this fabric are 54'' in width, by the number of yards you order in length. For example, if you order 3 yards, your fabric will measure 54'' x 108''. If you need a continuous length of over 15 yards, please contact us to be sure we can accommodate your request. Therefore, since you need something in 35" in width and the seller only sells the fabric in 54"W... You will need to tell the seller you need 6 panels of 54"W X 121"L and then you will have to cut it to your desired width of 35". I recommend you go to a JoAnn Fabrics or something and see if they will help you with the cutting.
I just cut it to the same size as curtain panel and then sewed it to the back of the panel. To make it less obvious, I sewed it along the seam that was already on the original curtain.
This is the only blackout material I purchase so it's impossible for me to compare. Heavyweight, almost velvety feel to the touch. This fabric works better than any room darkening store bought drape.
You'll have to run it lengthwise so order how many inches you need; if they will be attached without following any folds just add seam allowance. I put a backing of this on some curtains and they bulked them up, made them harder to handle and showed. Frankly I ended with new ones out of a great blackout with pretty fabric look in many colors that's just as blackout but lighter weight called Zanzibar. Or try blackout roller shades for RVs? This stuff is hard to work with.
It is sold by the yard, so you can order what you need. I personally got 2 yards.
Yes it is.
Mine didn't shed too badly in the wash- but I also have a brand new HE machine. I think it might be a little annoying for the top of a pillow, but it would be nice for a backside and a softer flatter fabric on the front. Overall this is a really nice Chenille for the price. It's worth getting just to try.
58" refers to the width. The length is based upon what yardage you select. :)
definitely i buy this for burp cloths and use it for everything. However, for a bib, you may want to sandwich a waterproof layer in between.
The 58" side runs parallel to the striping
Not in my opinion - has more of an old fashioned bedspread feeling.
It is definitely not minky; it is more like bath towel or bath rug material in my opinion.
I believe so. If you are covering dark furniture, you may be able to see it through the space between the chenille cords. I have been very pleased with this product.
this white chenille is a very white white. Hope that helps! ~bonni~
I had a light ivory dress and used this material for my drop veil. The colors matched perfectly.
Yep, that's how it works! They sent it all to me as one long 3 yard piece.
When I ordered 2-3 yards, it showed up in one piece. I used it for my veil and it was perfect.
This linen makes an excellent fine linen dishcloth for drying glass, so I am inclined to say, yes, you can use it for proofing bread dough. It's not the sort of linen I thought it was when I purchased (intending to use it for rug hooking) but it's lovely and high quality. Just read the previous answer -- I agree, it's a tight weave, and just like good quality linen pants.
On our fabric.com website, we have a swatch available for this item in the amount of $.75.
I used it for pillow covers and seat cover for a bench. It is holding up well. easy to work with and looks nice when finished. I stenciled French designs on the pillow covers and it worked wonderfully.
Each manufacturer makes slightly different fabric. Linen seems to be the most diverse in that each fabric is a little different and there are so many choices . Since you are asking, you probably have a need for a certain feel or strength. Ask for a sample. Sometimes you get them free in a store,but on line you pay a small amount. If you can reach someone by phone , tell them your purpose and then get samples of what they suggest before you buy. This is the hardest part if sewing but it's worth the energy and time to choose the fabric you'll like
I can't tell you the exact wt. but it is a thick sturdy fabric. I used it for a chair cusion. Hope that helps.
You choose how many yards of fabric that you want to have.
Yes very much so!
I believe it's a polyester blend material.
Yes you can. We are a big manufacture of chiffon fabric. My name is Kevin and you can call me (818)825-3390. And better pricing is available once you buy wholsale. Thanks.
58&#65282;-60&#65282;
yes!!!
Yes. Please order.
It comes as one piece
Mine is 1/16" thick
Hello, thanks for your question. When purchasing from a seller, rates are based on shipping a single item. Purchasing multiple items results in multiple shipping charges-there are no "per shipment" and "per item" charges, as there are when you buy directly from Amazon.com. You can read more about a seller's Shipping Rates and Policies by clicking on "Shipping Rates" below their name in the listing. I hope this helps!
Yes, it is cut from a single roll. It's pretty cheap so you could order more if you think you might need more later on. That way it will save on shipping too.
Mine is 58" across after being pre-washed in warm water. I suspect its original width was 60". It is very nice fabric.
sure
I don't think it's thick enough for that. You probably want a marine type canvas like they use on boats
I am almost positive this fabric is made in the USA. Surprising I know. I remember receiving a card with the fabric and being impressed with their message. I like the fabric and have been able to used it for several different projects.
I bought it to replace the lining of a large cushion. It's a thick lining, but not as thick as those used alone for a canvas tote.
Yes, I guess they would. I have used them for chair seats. The fabric is fairly heavy but I don't know how well it would hang.
Yes. It's not too heavy and easy to sew.
Mine was folded, I think.
Not too heavy. I think it would be great for the aprons. Stiff but not hard. Hope that answers your question.
Yes you can. I made a slipcover for my sofa & used a regular sewing machine for the whole thing. Hope this helps ... good luck!!
Color pencils are waxy or oily and pastel pencils are drey and powdery
No.
It would be very difficult in my opinion to use it for larger areas. I reccomend getting prismacolor chalk pastels for larger areas. They are pricy, but worth it. These pencils are more for small, detailed areas in a chalk piece. Hope this helped.
I'm not sure -the stabilo pencils are more chalky than traditional pastels which tend to be more oily, I love these because they smudge and blend if you brush a little water over them, the colors are really vibrant and I've enjoyed them. I've never used any other pastel pencils so I'm sorry if this doesn't directly answer your question. These seem to go a long way if you know what I mean and don't require sharpening very often.
These are very vibrant colors and I love them, they are not really what I would call skin tones however, unfortunately I can't attach a photo to this post and the pencils don't have color names but there is a white, a buttery color a cream color, an ochre. a tan, a chocolate brown and a dark brown the rest are rainbow hues, I would google images of what's inside the tin to give you a better idea!
Spray lightly with hair spray , about 10 " or so away from it ...
It does for me.Just be sure to spray with sealed when finished.
I don't know whether they would work. I suspect they would, but these are meant for fine art. You can probably find much cheaper pastel colored chalks in a store that sells crayons and other art materials for kids. Wal-Mart or Target for example.
Yes it is, which has been rather convenient. With that said, the weights are fairly heavy and the chains are long. We have the clock hanging around 7.5 feet off the floor and the weights/chain come a few inches off the floor when completely reset.
Yes it does strike on half hours. .... and it DOES NOT strike on quarter-hour
Looks correct.
Yes ... it's a wonderful clock. It's just like my 35 year old cuckoo. I love it.
I dont know what that means..sorry
I have a Bernina, but I'm sure I used this brand when I had my Singer. They have the D shaped shaft to them.
Yes, you would use these for embroidery on knit fabrics.
Yes, ball point needles are made for knits.
Yes, that is their brand machine I have.
The inside dimensions of the Singer 611.BR are 18"X 9.5"X12" The Brother cs6000i dimendions are 16"X6.7"X11.4" Looks like a good fit to me!
Hi Frank, The Bother xr1355 sewing machine is a bit larger than the singer universal carrying case. There is a Brother 530 Universal carrying case on Amazon for $20.00 that will be a great fit for your machine. good luck.
Yes it will with even a little extra room for other items
Yes mine fits with no problems, in fact it has extra room inside.
yes
No, this case will not fit the model about which you are inquiring.
yes
The Fashion Mate 252 is designed to be in either a case specially designed for the machine or a cabinet. The carry case about which you are inquiring is designed for portable models of machine. The interior dimensions are 8.5" (depth) x 17" (width) x 12"(height). At this time, SINGER does not offer a case to fit the 252. Our current cases are designed primarily for free-arm model machines and machines that do not require mounting into a base or cabinet.
The SINGER 611 Universal Hard Carrying Case is designed for portable sewing machines. The SINGER model 66 sewing machine is not a portable model and needs to be cabinet mounted.
I have a model 4423, it works great. Room to spare.
Not unless you have a program such as "Sure Cuts a Lot." Supposedly that lets you do that. I have the program but have never tried. You have to purchase it separately on Amazon.
No, you cannot upload your own fonts or designs. You must purchase Cricut cartridges, and are limited to what they contain.
The expression 2 is completely digital and touch screen, also comes pre loaded with a ton of diacuts and you don't need the key pad that comes with the cartridge so you can buy the cheaper digital files and load directly from your computer. Hope this helps
The answer PROVO craft gave me was that Apple only works with approved Apple software. I assume that means PROVO has not paid what ever fees Apple requires for approval. Even though PROVO says that CCR is mac compatible, it is only compatible with older versions of the Operating System. Once you update your Operating System to 10.9.2 (I think that is the version), CCR is no longer compatible. They have told me for 4 months now that they are working on the problem and have no estimate on when/if they will find a solution. In the interim, they suggested I get a PC. When CCR works, it is fantastic. At this point, I am not impressed with Provo.
Yes! There are rubber sheets available for stamps etc, there is also a "thick material" cutting blade as well for the cricut. There is a new program out that allows you to cut any font or design using your cricut which means you would never need to buy another of the expensive cartridges. I design files for it and you can find them at http://www.scrapbookcutters.com the information about the program can be found on my blog. I also own a yahoo group where you can get tons of information too. http://groups.yahoo.com/group/CriCut/
Yes
No. You can only use the fonts that are contained on the individual cartridge you purchase. If you want to use type or true type then you should get a Silhouette, not a Cricut.
I love the craft room. You download the program free from cricut.com. Then you can use physical cartridges or digital ones to create projects and view before cutting them. You can also save projects for future use also. There are online tutorials to show how to use all the special features in the craft room and cricut also gives you free images every week to try out. I love it!
I have not tried but I wouldn't see why u couldn't. I think it would but I haven't had it that long to really find out.
Expression and expression1are the same machine. The Expression 2 is the newest machine and it is a touch screen. It comes with 2 preloaded cartridges and uses all the Cricut cartridges (even the Cricut Image cartridges).
This should be the entire machine. It should include 2 halves of an attachable needlebed, 3 green cards, 1 yellow card, a knitting carriage and the pattern plates. It should also come with a weight sleeve, metal rod weights, a couple of clips and some elastic thread.
I would not make socks with this, but I'm sure you could. I've seen many reviews from people that were not able to use the machine but it takes patience to learn and a lot of practice. I wouldn't really call this a machine, it's more like a loom, you are still doing all the work. I've made blankets, bags, sweaters and cowl/scarfs.
No, it does not use electricity. Yes, it should come with wax.
It only does stockinet stitch. It will not do garder stitch.
That I don't know, however there should be some videos about that on youtube. I would look there or at the website that is listed on the knitting machine box.
I love these needles. They range size 15, 13, 11, 10 1/2, 10, 9, and 8. They are all about 14 inches long. The bamboo is slick and slides easily through all the yarns i've used so far. I'm completely satisfied with these needles. Far surperior to the metal department store choices.
I see why you are confused. The photo shown here is definitely the knitting needles described but the photo on the main page is a flower loom.. I have the crochet hooks in the same type of case shown here. They are wonderful. Am assuming the knitting needles will be similar.
8-9-10-10.5-11-13-15 I love mine, enjoy yours.
I have six Knifty Knitter looms. The only round one that has 48 pegs is the purple 10.25" loom. It has a slightly smaller gauge than the others, which will mean that your afghan will have a little finer stitch. It did not come in the kit; I had to order it and the yellow 41 peg 11.50" loom separately. I wanted large and extra-large adult hat sizes. Hope this helps you out. Patricia
Yes, sometimes they are different colors but same size.
41pegs
I am new to this and have not made one yet. Are u using the large round one (41 pegs) or a long loom?
The yellow "extra large" Knifty Knitter loom has 41 pegs.
It's 41 pegs 11 1/2 inches in diameter
For that you might want Knittingboard's all-in-one loom. The spacing is 6/16", but you could skip every other peg and get 6/8", with 48 pegs used maybe more with the sliders. Plus you can make socks on it and many other things.
Yes. There's a lock on the bottom left side. It's that white lever in the picture.
I have contacted Amazon about this and they are changing it. Thank you for pointing it out to me! Joni
On the right and left side you see a white piece of plastic sticking out in a slot...you cannot go back...just push up on either the right side or left side...once you get to 9, push the button once more and it will go back to zero.
The package clearly states "Neck cord not included ...." so it should come as no surprise to find there is no cord. The picture merely shows how some knitters use it.
This is absolutely suitable for crochet. I both knit and crochet and find this very helpful in keeping track of rows.
It's minimal. It's not loud enough that I notice.
Did not order this. I ordered heart puff ball maker that did not work and for some reason the review shows up on this. If it works like the pompom maker it is no good.
Exactly, works great and easy. Either hang from neck or set to side.
Most likely counting the number of times you wind the strand of yarn around the pom-pom gadget.
Each time you finish a row, or whatever you are counting, you press down on the large white button under the finger in the picture. This will advance the counter by one. When you take a break, you move the little white tab (bottom left in photo) and that locks the counter so it does not advance in error. When you are finished your counting and want to start over at zero, unlock the counter, and roll the little wheels (either side) to bring the numbers back to zero. It's very simple in design but works beautifully.
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 10.5, 11, 13, 15
I have 13 different sizes, 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,10 1/2, 11,13 and 15. I don't know where the 8 sizes came from.
Yes you can. There is an order form that comes with the kit that lists replacement parts with product numbers and where to send payment but I also found this website http://www.simplicity.com/c-475-needlemaster-set-replacement-parts.aspx?pagenum=1
Yes. My set has one each 12,14,16,21 inch cables and 2 connectors.
The black pad and the wire with the loop in the end are used to tighten/loosen the tips. The tip is held with the black pad (which works like a jar-opening gripper) and the wire is inserted through the hole in the connector on the cord. Applying pressure to the wire torques the tip tight so that it doesn't come loose. The pad and wire are also needed to remove the tip, since if they were properly tightened they cannot be loosened by hand.
13 sets
Actually yes, they do. They're not on the needles themselves but rather on the extension loops. I always wondered what those holes were for. (Other people seem to be having problems finding it, so I took a photo of one: http://i.imgur.com/hDDKnjF.png )
Yes. Size 2 and 10.5 are included. All cables and buttons, connectors are there. I have not counted the pieces, but it is a complete set.
They're a little softer, but still not as soft as addi needles. Also, because the joins are now straight, the rigidity is not a problem.
You should be able to find just the individual cables online (I saw some on Amazon) or at Hobby Lobby. http://www.amazon.com/Boye-NeedleMaster-Cables-16/dp/B001683XKE/ref=sr_1_1?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1386549585&sr=1-1&keywords=boye+cables
Multiple different weights of yarn can be used with the machine. So far I have used worsted, bulky, and fingering weight.
As long as you watch the videos showing how to use it before you start, you should be fine. Start with the easiest techniques and work your way up.
My wife says to make sure you are using silicon spray, press lightly down on the front of the sliding part, and use better weights (she made some of her own using old spoons after checking the net).
I wish I could. This is unopened from back mid to late 80s.
I make and sell unique sweaters. I do not have a website (yet) however I do use social media and other mediums to sell my product.
If you found a pattern you can increase and decrease on it. So you can make blankets, scarves, sweaters, hats, etc.
Shouldn't have any problem with 100% cotton. It has more problems if the yarn is too large or too small of a weight.
I have used mine off and on for 8 months and have never used it or felt like I needed to.
Yes, buy cheap metal forks at the dollar store and bend the tines over with pliers or in a vice. Then tape fishing weights to the forks and hang. It's a cheap solution and works very well.
The weights aren't included, but are needed to provide the proper tension to the knitted fabric.
Yes but it was crappy quality.i ended up going to Walmart and buying one for.$1
I don't have the Boye long looms, but I have the round in both brand and the pegs are all the same, or very close to the same. I've never had an issue with chunky #5. No idea what's going on. Good luck
Yes. But all the clips I've ever gotten are a really difficult fit with this loom and any other looms I've tried to hook them on. So if I were you I would buy 2 sets of clips
It's sturdy. No pulling. I use mine to make blankets.
Any yarn u want!
Some very basic ones. Your best option is to so some internet searches for 'loom knitting patterns' and decide which ones work best for you. Once you become good at simple loom knitting things, its very easy to venture out on your own, too! Also, there are some really informative and easy-to-follow loom knitting books out here on Amazon. Have fun and happy knitting!!
You could. If you intend on making a double-knit placement, it might be helpful to get one of those KK Loom clips? Coasters, you might want a smaller loom with the pegs closer together so you can get a smaller knit/weave.
Yes and I recommended it's awesome
Sara - the unit comes with a permanent adhesive roll only, although repositionable rolls are also made for the machine and are available for purchase on Amazon. The "default" adhesive that comes with the machine is the permanent adhesive.
The Xyron does come with an adhesive roll ,you can buy refills separately.I hope this helps...
Not ignoring you. I just don't know the answer to this one.
You can make a sticker any size you want that is under 5 inches. I put smaller stickers in 2 at a time so I don't waste paper.
I do not know for sure about the ribbon but I do not see any reason why you couldn't put thicker paper through it. It is very possible that ribbon would work if it wasn't really thick. I have had one of these for 10 years or more. The first just broke after about 10 years.
This is a sticker maker, you just slide in your (up to 5") project.
I really don't know? I do know this adhesive is clear. If this helps, you are sendig the image you want glued through the machine, by turning a knob. It comes out the back end, you tear off the xyron paper, then you pull your sticker, image whatever off. I hope that helps?
They have different cartridges for different machines. Some will laminate. I just use mine for making stickers so it's just sticky on one side. It's also a great way to make cheap glitter paper. Just sprinkle on the sticky side and then run it back through again on the other side.
I have had no problem with stickiness in any weather. However, the material used on top (paper, vinyl, etc.) can be affected by the weather. For example, I would not want to cut a figure from paper and make it sticky on the back and then get the paper part wet. Protect your stickers just as you would protect anything made from the same material. Vinyl would probably fare better than paper.
Like a hot knife goes through butter-YES
It goes a max of 1" from the edge, maybe a tiny bit more. Check out the Big Bite..it can reach much further.
I have used this on stiff fabric with good results.
Looking at the directions the "common settings" are eylets/w washers and flat embellishments. The sizes are 3/16" and 1/8". I've only used the eyelets. I did a little search and there were a few sites that said you can use metal snaps with the tool, but you should do a more extensive search than I. I wish I had a more definitive answer for you, but I hope it helped some.
The package says yes, it does snaps, but I have not tried them. Susie
Hi... Yes, it sets this size with ease. It punches holes like it's going through butter, too. There is a new model with a blue-green handle that has a new feature I think) but I have not used it. Susie
Yes, eyelets and washers can be used with this tool.
No
I have Making Memories & Family Treasures along with larger, generic brass ones. All seem to work fine. The best part is no hammering and usually all it takes is one firm squeeze to set the eyelet. Susie
The is a punch on it - so you punch the hole first and then you set the eyelet. Works great!
about 24 inches
They're not hollow
really not sure which brand it is, might be Moretti. It's a good start for beginning glasswork.
The aquare is one inch, not the letters
The square is 1", but the letters are smaller. There are only 20 squares in the package, meaning there are letters and punctuation on both sides of each square. Im not sure what you mean about the white paint, the letters are merely to leave an imprint and are designed to be reused. They worked well for me I make my doggie headstones with the letters and designed with decorative stones jewels and used my dog's paw to leave a print. I hope this helps. Too bad we cant write a review for Amazon's pathetic product descriptions.
The letters are 9/16 ths of an inch.
what they probably dont tell you is that there are letters or character on both sides of each stamp. It isnt inconvenient unless you are wanting to place all the letters you need side by side at the same time. Otherwise you are limited to pressing only one letter or character at a time, I use it for concrete and mortar. It contains a good selection of characters, but only capitol letters. I am pleased with the function durability of this very inexpensive product.
Not real sure but if they have the larger size please purchase those. These small letter the concrete is wet then tends to close up. Does not make for a pretty keepsake like I wanted. Also, finding the letter is a nightmare the way they have them. Hope this helps.
I would say no, because the tip might clog up too quickly. I don't even get white glue through because it is too thick. There are other bottles out there that have plastic tips you can cut that might suit you better, and they are also cheaper. - I just looked and they claim you can put paint in, but these caps only push, not screw on, and I would not trust them with paint. Once the nozzle clogs it's done.
This gives out a tiny steam of glue or some other thin liquid. It's like a"pin point". For really close work it is excellent
Yes
If your henna mix is no thicker than Elmer's glue, I can't see why it wouldn't work. But I haven't tried it with henna. So why don't you get one, try it with henna and then post a review to help others?
Yes. (I am thinking the description may say that.) LOVE it! Great tiny tiny tip.
The rails are fine. It is the sides of the plastic bins that can sag and/or snap if too heavy. Mine are full to the top with scrapbook paper which is heavy so clothe should be fine
Rebecca, there are plastic brackets that let you adjust the shelves to your bin size. Pictured here is looks like 3 super satchels cartridge holders & 2 Super satchel deeps. Be sure to click on the other images as you can choose what kinds of bins you want. Hope this helps!
I am unsure what you are asking in terms of "tackle box", so allow me to assume the following: If you are asking if you could use this as a tackle box you carry around, the answer is, "No". The picture is of three different items. Item one is the outer white cube. It is made of VERY heavy pressed wood fiber with arrangeble rails to support 6 Super Slim ArtBin Boxes or 3 Larger Super Boxes. The boxes are available in many different depths and configurations. All sold individually. So, you could not take it out fishing with you like a tackle box. However; having said that, if you are a SERIOUS fisherman, and needed a home storage facility for a large collection of different flies, weights, hooks, lines, float etc... The ArtBin system you see would be a Great organizer for your collection. You can buy wheels that are easily attached to one Cube and you can stack three or more high (there are supplies included with the cube to allow the attachment of another box on top of the one you buy. I have 2 sets of 3 cubes stacked on top of one another creating two towers. A set of wheels on the bottom cube allow me to move them around. I use mine to organize my craft collection items. Cake decorating tips, Circuit scrape booking cartridges, Creative Memories, calligraphy pens and tips, etc... Hope this information helps you. CLBH
4
Not sure but haven't had a problem. Have a lot of these. Have one full of Cricut carts. Another that has 4 medium with paper. I just put the big one on the bottom, just to be sure.
Made of pressed wood. Very sturdy and slide artbin boxes great. No other brand though. Has to have a lip on the lid. Not sure on measurement of the sides.
Please check the internet for specific dimensions, as I don't know those off the top of my head. I will say that the Super Satchel does not fit into the bin cube, so be aware of that, prior to ordering.
It is not as far as I can tell and it is pretty sturdy but it is just pressboard. Hope this helps.
Nina No we do not. Thank you for your inquirie.
You are buying just the outside box.
My internal measurements: 13 1/8" x 8" 13 1/8" x 7" &lt;= at the point of the handle grip (there is 3 1/2" of space on each side of the grip) As for the depth, the best that I can ascertain, without calipers, is just shy of 3 3/4 inches.
Yes, it's excellent for storing art supplies. So good in fact, that I bought another one for my supplies. I like be able to slide these into a bookshelf and of course, the portability is another nice feature. I don't use these to store construction paper though; you may have to buy a larger model to accomplish that.
yes, it will.
Yes!!
the two outside compartments are slightly smaller, they are 4-1/4" and the middle one is 4-3/4" wide.
the bottom part is aprox. 2 3/4 inches deep with lid closed aprox 3 inches so I guess it depends on the height of the bottle which was not mentioned in the question.
Absolutely. They all come right out.
yes
I think certain sized dividers are meant to fit in a specific area.
aprox 3.25 with lid open lid closed about 3.5 inches I do not do metric
Yes, because the size of the openings is adjustable. You might need 2, depending on the size of the letters. The downside is that the dividers don't quite hit the bottom of the box, so there is some migrating. I use mine to sort buttons, and it's a minor annoyance.
I think it will be good for it.
The compartments are adjustable but the smallest compartment they can make are 2 3/4" x 3 1/4"
rub with chalk over entire chalkboard surface, wipe off and it is ready to go
I have not used liquid chalk with this fabric but I do know you're suppose to "prime" the fabric first by rubbing it with the side of a piece of chalk.
Our fabric was shipped rolled in a large box tube. Happy Holidays to you too!
I would recommend any kind of childrens chalk, this actually acts just like a chalk board, it is simply fabric. Works well under the sewing machine, and is great for using on a wall framed for use as a chalk board. Hope this helps
I use if for machine applique. I would think and apron would be ok but uncomfortable for use as the entire apron. It is thick like an oil cloth.
Yes, but it is lightweight like a cheesecloth for the backing. I had no problems stitching with a larger needle and stitch length.
It's med thickness won't drape straight down unless u cut the corners. We use on a small table works great kids love it. I stapled it under the table so it looks neat.
It can not be machine washed. That will ruin the chalk finish. But I have applied it to many surfaces using Velcro dots
Not from Amazon
Mine arrived just as you described.
The exterior walls are smooth. If you want the look of siding you can purchase it separately.
No furniture came with it. We got the bedroom and living room (piano, etc.) sets separately. We painted one set and stained the other. Like the house, they take some care and time to put together. I dragged it on for a long time, but it was a real treat.
I use a mixture of Elmer's wood glue and a glue that I buy at hobby lobby called Extreme Power. It comes in three levels, I use the medium level that is in a green bottle. It cost $4.99. It is the best glue I have ever used, especially when I mix a little dab with the wood glue. But be very careful. Try not to get any on you. When they say it binds fast they are not kidding. There have been a few times I have had to pull two fingers apart and it hurts!!! It is so good you rarely have to tape your house together until the glue dries. This glue dries fast. Hope this helps.
No
No
Yes.
http://shop.greenleafdollhouses.com/ZoomImageFramer.aspx?image=Dollhouses/9301-Orchid-Dollhouse-PB-Zoom.jpg&stage=1
We cannot accept international orders through Amazon. Sorry.
By email or calling us 732-252-6303
You would have to glue or tape your photos inside because it does not have the clear sections inside it. The pages are like news print and they are a yellow looking tint to it.
Depends from whom you buy from.If us I would try to accomodate your choice but cannot guaranteed it-Pioneer changes without warning.Fran sicamera@aol.com
The book itself is 11 by 14 & the pages are just short of that. The pages are bound in the book like a regular book so if you were to try to get protectors somehow then they would need to be from the side.
Yes you can.
I used it to decorate onesies, and although I tried to use this to attach felt pieces to cotton onesies, it definitely wasn't as durable as with other fabrics. The felt pieces didn't stick as well. However, it worked well enough to stick on, and then I just embroidered the edges and the felt pieces have stayed on.
YES!! That's the sole reason I use it!
I am not sure what a substrate is, and am assuming you are talking about a wood veneer. I'm thinking that will not work unless the substrate is a pliable material, similar to a fabric. The thermoweb has to be activated with a household iron, so you may need some double stick tape or something like that for this project. Have a blessed day!!
Yes it is double sided fusible webbing but there is paper on one side only. Then after you iron it on to the fabric you peel off the paper and iron it on to the backing fabric.
I would definitely pre-shrink the t-shirts as much as possible before using them in a t-shirt quilt, but I have successfully used Heat N Bond on many stretch materials with great success, including with stretch cotton jersey which is what many commercial t-shirts are made of. The shirt I created from scratch with a Heat N Bond shape on the front of it as a decoration made it through the wash just fine.
Even after you use this stuff you have to sew the edges down is there a sewer in your neighborhood? She can just use a regular sewing machine and sew edges down that's what I do, if you can hand sew or look on you tube on how to do the blanket stitch, you can do that by hand around the edges. It's easy to do and you can do it while watching tv, just need needle and thread. Good luck! :)
On the thermoweb is one side paper and one side glue. Iron the web paper up on the diapers wrong side take the paper off and iron the burp cloth face up it should stick hope that helped of not email me pic and I will help you through it karinaskrafts@aol.com
Yes, that's how this product works best. I put it on the highest setting so it will seal properly.
Yes I would. I had it peel when I didn't.
Well to be honest, I've always ONLY used interfacing for only any kind of 'clothing' but this particular interfacing should work for what you are doing due to its weight
The pictured product is for use with Ink Jet Printers. Grafix offers a transparent film designed for use with Laser Printers and Copy Machines, which both use a heat activated powdered toner to create the image. Color toner will print just like black toner, and if you have already purchased this specific Ink Jet Film it shouldn't hurt to run a test in your Color Laser printer. It may very well work. I do know that films designed for use with Laser Printers "WILL NOT" work with Ink Jet Printers. The Ink will never dry. Hope this helped.
they are not adhesive at all. NO where in the product description on this page does it say that. It is only one spot on the package where it mentions that. On the package where it does say that...it is listing the different methods for the different types of films. Im sure they use the same insert for all the different types of film they sell because there is a list on the right side of the back that lists all the products and some of them are adhesive films.
Bake them? I believe these will melt if you applied heat of any kind to them. You can paint or use markers on them though.
I'm not sure of the difference. .. However this may help your decision. I used Gfrx ink paper to make photo ornaments for Christmas.. This paper holds ink very well. I did a trial on transparency. Does not work even after drying for 24hrs. Found Gfrx ink jet transparency works great.
Yes, make sure to allow adequate time for ink to dry.
no I don't think so. It is like a decal. you print it and then trim it, peel the paper off and stick it onto your project.
They are thin, about like a regular piece of paper. Geno
Grafix does offer a matte inkjet film. Amazon ID number B0084Z4P0Y.
Yes!
yes
The difference between the Regular and the Super Stitch Witchery is that the super will give more bonding power to the fabric since it's a bit more dense in texture! For example, wool or any type of heaver fabric will bond to it self a bit better using the Super Stitch Witchery, on the other hand silk or any lighter type of fabric will bond to itself just fine with Regular Stitch Witchery. But please don't for get that the ultimately bonding out come will be in the ironing process! So please follow the information given on the instruction panel of the wrapper! Because weather you purchase Regular or Super if you don't gauge your iron to the satisfactory temperature then the fuse tape might not melt well! and this can leave you with your project not being properly fused together. Hope this helps.
You should be able to...it is marked super weight. Good luck!
Not sure what the questions is! But assuming Loraine that you wanted to find out this product will work for heming your panels! If so then yes it will hold your panels hem lines just make sure you follow instructions on packet, hope this helps.
I'm not certain, as I haven't tried but i can't imagine it would be to difficult to remove.
I think the diameter of the cord is too narrow to be the best choice for a walking stick. To give you a comparison, it's thinner than a wooden toothpick.
You need to measure the hole in the beads to know. This leather is 2 mm in diameter. If the bead holes are greater than 2mm, this will work. If not, it will not work without having to enlarge the bead holes.
Yes it would. I use it to make jewelry. It is extremely strong.
The longer it's exposed to air, the more chunks it gets. And the bigger. I just apply anyway, and try to make sure there is good liquid under the chunks, and then wipe it away with a rolling motion to keep the chunks from damaging my stencils. It's a pain, but I haven't found a solution. I did try to filter it, but it was messy and didn't really help much. Good luck. :)
I have never had a jar go bad. It is reusable. Spread it on to etch and then scrape it right back in the jar. Not sure what happened to mine. Maybe it had been frozen - I have no idea how it got the chunks. Even tried pushing it through a strainer. Just make sure your jar has a seal on top before you buy.
It will have to be a trial and error process I'm sure. I put on two thin coats and let it sit for twenty minutes. Then I rinse it off and do it a second time the same way. Sometimes, depending on the type of glass, I may have to apply a third time (but this is very rare). I like a heavier etch, however. For a light etch, one time is plenty.
It takes a lot of practice to get an even uniform etch even on small items. It would likely be blotchy and/or streaky without LOTS of practice.
Yes it would, we put names on 26 mugs for my wedding, and 20 for another wedding and we still have over half the container remaining.
$31.16 with free shipping in the USA,excluding AK,HI and PO Boxes. Price can fluctuate week to week due to supply issues.
just one.
It should work on colored glass as well as clear. The instruction say to only leave it on for 1 minute then wash off with water. Usually takes at least that long to even brush it on. I've had very good luck with etching initials and designs on cheap wine glasses and it gives a very nice translucent frosted effect, just like "sea glass". Hope this helps. Oh, apply a rather thick coat.
Never heard of using it for that but I really doubt it for things I have used it for...it does ok on glass..very watery and I wouldn't think it would work...I may be wrong..
I don't believe so.
I called cricut to answer you correctly, because my first thought was yes..and every time I googled explore replacement blade this one popped up, she said you can use them but cuts won't be the same since the angle on this blade is different than the carbide blade on the explore. They are waiting on the replacement blades for the explore she said. So none in stock. I hope this helps.
No it doesn't, I called Provo craft and they said that it's a special blade and they were waiting to get them in. Maybe they have them now.
yes I have the mini and two big machines it works with all 3
Yes, they will.
2 blades in the package
I have the Cricut Expression so I am not sure! I buy a lot of blades however and I have never noticed that they ask that question. Can't speak for the Explorer but my daughter has the basic & we have bought the same blades together!
Yes
I have the original Cricut Expression and I use all the blades, including deep cut but not the ones for Cricut Cake. I'm not sure about Cricut Create. To be sure, call Cricut at 801-932-1144 Opt 7.
Honestly I just looked up my specific model number of my cricut and looked for what my blades looked like and went with it. And they were the right thing. I also knew if they were wrong I could just return them.
They wwork universally
Yes this is an epoxy resin. It's mostly used for doming bezels in jewelry making as well as in small molds to create cabochons to be set into jewelry settings. It uses a 1:1 ratio and is easy to use and has almost no odor. Takes about 24-48 hours to cure.
i actually use acrylic paint! i'd recommend looking up resin coloring tutorials online
Yes it does! I was so happy with the results that I didn't even put colored backing on some of my charms. :) Hope this helped.
Yes it is.
Yes, but I can't imagine what you'd be using it for.
I do believe it would. It comes with (2) 4 ounce bottles for a total of 8 ounces worth of epoxy. Look at your mold specs to get the capacity of the mold and subtract some for the bug - which could be substantial, in your case. I made (2) 4 ounce molds and still have some left over. If your Emperor is valuable to you, I suggest you do a test run first (with another bug) to see if you like the results before you try it with your Emperor.
I typically use this inside of bottle charms but I have put them in silicon molds and they pop out very easily and shape beautifully to the detail
Yes
No they are not included.
Do you mean once the stuff hardens? If so, then yes. The hardened resin will resist moisture like plastic would.
I have an Explore and it works fine with it.
I'm sorry, I won't be of much help because I don't have a cricut expression1 machine, so it would not be fair for me to try to answer something that I did not try out. I can tell you that this size is too big for my machine, so I just cut it to fit and it works fine. Good luck.
She has the Cricut Expression, You should have specs with the machine to let you know if you can handle the size. I just looked up your machine and it does say 12 in x 24 in cutting capability. Sorry but I looked up the wrong machine. All I can find on your machine is 12 x 12. Sorry for misinformation.
I do not know if it will work. Sorry
Yes
I believe they probably would, I used them on a 30 lb or so 'nightstand' that I placed a large mini fridge on, stocked weight was probably70-80 lbs and no probs, they are pretty robust, if your going to push the envelope over 200 lbs you may want a second set and place two in the center if it's a wide span anyways, if not a large span 4 outghta do
Wheel itself is 2 inches. Good luck with your project.
The plate is s little smaller than 1 1/2 inches on each side.
Yes, they swivel/rotate-there is no lock on them.
Yes, they do.
The casters I received did not have locks. Also, when I stacked two ArtBin cubes together (securing with the dowel sticks as recommended by the manufacturer) and installed the casters, the unit was unstable on carpeted floors. It is fine on hard floors.
The mounting plate is square. They are 1 and 1/2 inches on each side.
The caster wheels are 1 3/8 inches or 3 1/2 centimeters. (Each wheel is 2 inches (5.1 cm long) and freely rotates). Each mount is 3.5 cm square and has four screws.
About 2 inches
I measured distance to be 1 inch
20 pages equalling 40
The pages don't have any pockets that could allow you to place the photos by themselves, you should use photo corners, auto mounts, permanent scrapbooking tape, glue sticks, glue dots, self adhesive squares, or any other method you normally use with photos. Each page has a plastic protector.
It comes with 20 pages (as stated in description). I purchased additional page protectors and scrapbook paper and I'm up to 50 pages in my book/box. I still have room for a few more pages. Depending what you put in scrapbook may determine how many pages you can place (i.e. thick decals/ stickers). IMO the max. number of pages would be about 50 or so. IMO the way the book/box is constructed is perfect for my needs keepinh everything neat and tidy. Beacuse its a "3 ring" its so easy to add more pages. I've already purchased another for future scrap booking.
Yes it is. Just so you know tho, it doesn't really come with a ton of pages. It is a really nice album all over tho.
The ribbons, two of them are to tie the top to the bottom. If you were to drop the album, the contents are safe from being damaged or falling out of the album. I love all 10 that I have and plan on getting a few more. After you see how neat all the album pages are kept, you will fall in love with them and never want any other type of album.
I've put at least 30 sleeves in one so far.
This album comes with 12x12 open pocket pages to put one (or two, back to back, depending on how much embellishments are added to each sheet) 12x12 inch piece of scrapbook paper into it that has been decorated and photos attached to it. But you can buy the 12 x 12 pages that have pockets for 4x6 photos and smaller pockets for journaling cards if you don't want to fool with scrapbooking and just want to use it as a photo album. It's versatile. You can purchase these pages here on Amazon or buy them at Walmart. I just picked up two packs at Walmart that have 10 pages each for under $3. Be sure they're the 3-ring pages and not the post-bound ones. A lot more can fit in this album than in those post-bound ones. Good luck!
There are 20 page protector inserts, so if you use both sides it equals 40 pages. The page insert that come with are just plain white.
It's a scrapbook binder. You can create page any way you would like.
This is like a 3" 3 ring binder / box. It's really very cool ! You can put in all your pages with pictures, and trinkets and the thickness isn't too much. I even had room to put small memorabilia items in the back and ribbon close it.
Each package makes approximately one and a half masks (for adult men).
One
I would say 15-20 min. When I used this to make masks we quickly dipped the piece of gauze in water and I ran it between two fingers to shed most of the water. We then applied it to the face. I would say I had about 6 layers and I let it set for 20 min. then gently removed. Also when we did this we applied a grease to the face.
There is 7 inches. I think this is about an average size, as my old Singer was the same
I don't believe there is one. The PRW designation is for the Project Runway tie-in. This machine was "limited edition" but still available at inflated prices over and above what it originally sold for.
If you mean free-motion quilting, then yes, it does. There is a switch to lower the feed dogs, and the manual has instructions included. I can't say how well it works, though; I own a Juki TL-98Q that I have used for quilting for several years, and it is a much heavier-duty machine. It only does straight stitch, though, so the Brother is better for piecework with fancy stitching.
Yes, there is a front panel that slips off to allow for freearm sewing. Very user friendly machine
Yes it does, a little contraption on the side, which pokes the thread through the needle
just add thread and you're ready to go!
I hem jeans on it, but have to force it through the thick parts. And if the side seams at the hem are too thick, I have to leave that part open. That being said, I'd say it's pretty good all around, but if you're mainly hemming jeans, you might look elsewhere.
Decorative stitches, yes, embroidery, no.
I've not had that problem. I would probably do a search online for parts. However, something tells me that you would probably do best to take it to a repair shop.
Probably not...........only the decorative stitches.
I have had my machine for two years this month, and still like it! I generally sew mid-weight fabrics (clothing alternations, bags/purses) and it's going strong. Struggles a bit with thick layers like seams on denim, and sometimes very lightweight fabrics get tangled, but work slow and it's fine. I don't use a lot of the decorative stitch options, but everything seems to be in good working order.
From the needle point to the inside of the neck is 7 and 1/2 inches and the height is 4 and 3/4 inches
This Brother should work great for all your basic & even intermediate sewing needs. I quilt regularly with it, just make sure you use a quilting foot & an appropriate needle for your materials.
It does have a blanket stitch. I've never used it for appliques myself though. But it does have one.
I do free motion quilting with my machine. The tension must be adjusted: I use 7 or 8. For regular stitching a 4 or 5 tension works fine. If the tension isn't adjusted, I get eye-lashing on the back of the quilt if I'm doing circles and tight curves. I always make a sample quilt sandwich of each project to test the tension. I use a SewSlip glide sheet over the stitch plate to help move things evenly.
That is mainly what I do with mine. I piece blocks and also drop the feeds and free motion quilt.
I've sewn through 4 layers of denim using the appropriate needle for heavy fabrics. The machine can handle up to 15/64" thickness of material. For stretch fabrics, there is a particular needle and stitch patterns for stretch and elastic sewing.
I have a brother machine, you can change the default needle position to whichever you like, check your manual. Mine is not as fancy as this one, in fact that is why I am here - contemplating purchasing this machine, but on my hc185 you can change the needle position, so I would assume you can on this model as well
I don't do machine embroidery so I can't help with that. I can only say I have been very impressed with the quality of the Brother machines. I now have three - serger, the pc400prw and the pq1500s. Great machines
It cuts close to the fabric. There aren't dangling threads left. I think it does a great job, and I use it all the time.
Not only can you make shawls it also makes sweaters. Just buy the addi express king size has a book by addi and it has several patterns.
The little one is fine for scarfs but I'd get the king. It's far more useful. Don't waste money on the little one.
Hello We will ship to New Zealand. Please check it now.
I had no problem changing yarns as long as the weight was correct. DK was great. Worsted was more difficult. Didn't try bulky but I doubt the machine could handle it.
Yes it will with some yarns more so than others. But it's easy to watch and prevent it. I actually missed it once and was upset when I saw it many rows later because it isn't like you can just go back so, again if you slow down and watch it's preventable. Hope this answered your question.
I have not nor would I recommend it. This machine was made for a worsted weight yarn and even then it's a looser knit. If you used a finger weight/sock weight it would be like knitting those with a size 10.5 needle, which is fine if that's the look you're going for. The other problem I would see is the super fine yarn can be a bit difficult to slip so I could see the machine catching on it or things going awry like dropping stitches, etc.
Yes you can make a blanket with this machine by joining the strips together.
Yes
Yes
I would think so.. the tube is not very big and if you use a yarn that is tight, it should be good.
No
The set I bought had 3 repeats. Considering the cost per half pan, still a really great deal. Go to "Daniel Smith" art supplies, order the empty half pans to add whatever color you like from tubes.
I often take a small amount of wet paint and paint the bottom of each pan. When it dries it usually holds the pans in place...also some hot wax can be used. You don't want to actually glue them as you may want to replace them one day. As to organization? I keep them pretty much in the order they came unless the color families have gotten disconnected. That way I can see the difference for instance between a warm or a cool red or blue, lemon yellow on one end of a line and cadmium or chrome yellow next then the earth tones in an order from light to dark so that yellow ochre is at one end by the yellows and burnt umber at the other so ochre, raw sienna, burnt sienna, raw umber and burnt umber line up. I simply become familiarized with my colors. Anyway, that's how I do it.
This is absolutely an individual, personal decision. From the set of 12, you can easily mix the colors on the open palette spaces to create whatever color you want as all primary colors are represented. On the other hand, if you like to keep the colors free and not have mixture on the individual paint cakes, and you prefer variety, you can get the 45 and enjoy a greater set from the beginning. I purchased the 45 and was happy with that decision!
No, the Cotman line from Winsor & Newton is their student grade line, and it contains 40 paints. Their professional line is called Winsor & Newton Professional Watercolours, and they cost much more than Cotman watercolour sets. For example, the Winsor & Newton Cotman field kit of 12 colours costs approximately $50, whereas the Winsor & Newton Professional Artist's field kit of 12 colours would run approximately $100 or more. I've been a visual artist/creative professional for nearly twenty years, and I've been using Winsor & Newton products (as well as several other brands) for even longer. The Cotman watercolour line, while being a student grade line, is still very good quality; in fact, there are some professional artists who use Cotman (I've seen portraitists and botanical artists who choose Cotman specifically because it handles well with the way they work), while many others prefer the dense pigmentation of the Professional line. It's all a matter of personal taste and your preferred method of working. In my opinion, this Cotman set would make a fine addition to any artist's media stash. Tip: to get the most vibrancy of your pan colours, spritz them with a little water (or put a small drop of water on the pan colour/s you'd like to use), and let it sit for a moment to moisten and activate. After it's moistened, when you go to use that colour, you'll experience a vibrancy that can rival some professional paints.
No, but every pan does.
closed it is 4.5 x 10.5 inches. opened all the way it is 10.5 x 12.75 45 half pans. Some of the reds, blues, yellows and browns are duplicates...which is why I bought mine...I'm using it to refill my smaller field kit. I found it to be cheaper to buy this large studio set than individual half pans in quantity.
Hello. Thank you for inquiry. Shipping is free. Other expenses, you do not need.
Thank you for inquiry. Of course I can send.
Inquiry Thank you. Shipping will be $26. If be available for purchase, as long as able a review, I will send in the display amount with shipping. We are looking forward to your order.
I haven't tried using 6 strands. I think it will work if it fits through the needle. I usually use 3 strands of DMC.
I tried, but needed to get a bigger needle .....................I don't like doing punch needle. A craft I bought lots of stuff for doing it and now it'll sit in a box.
You can purchase replacement needles at punchneedle marketplace if you are unable to locate them on Amazon.
No. I'm fairly new to punch needle so I've never seen a battery operated one. Interesting. Good luck
It does require heat set but I did mine with the hot setting on a hair dryer!
I would say u could test it out on something like a piece of wood but this is fabric medium so the idea is to make the paint softer for fabrics. For a wash I believe u can use some water with paint.
I think it will make the acrylic paint spread better. I used it on fabric chairs and the paint covered better and it is easily wiped/cleaned.
I painted fabric covered chairs and waited 24 hours between coats. I put 3 coats on and then waited 48 hours before sitting on them. I would guess with t-shirts it would not be necessary to wait 7 days?!? How many coats?
I used it with flat wall paint with no problems. I did a test on the same kind of fabric before I painted my curtains.
NO this product is used to help the Acrylic paint adhere to Teltile Fabrics. I suggest using a clear varnish type finish either paint on or spray on. Krylon Clear would be a good choice for the spray on. I am not sure of what is available in the brush on type.
I would not use this for a protective coat. I use the spray acrylic top coat. I wish I could add a picture but this is what it's called Krylon 6-Ounce Crystal Clear Acrylic Coating Aerosol Spray The textile is best for making your acrylic paint into fabric paint! So much fun! Good luck :)
This is intended to make the paint more flexible after drying, making it great for fabric. However I wouldnt recommend it particularly for figurines, an acrylic model paint would serve you better.
Yes. I've used it with non delta acrylic paint as well as latex wall paint. Good luck with your project!
No. This is meant for you to mix with acrylic paints for fabrics only
The temp setting on your iron does not make a difference. This product does not adhere fabrics together. It will melt but it will not adhere. I went to fabric store and bought hem bond by Singer and it worked like a charm even at low settings. Don't waste your money or your time.
It doesn't matter which side. Just don't leave your iron on the tape too long.
Yes it's stiff and the seal didn't last for me for more than 2 washes. A real disappointment
Use this paper backed hem bond with fabric blends, cotton, rayon, acrylic and linings. If there is any part of the sating that you can test it out on I would do that first. There is also a peel and stick variety that you may feel more comfortable using on the satin. http://www.amazon.com/Thermoweb-Peeln-Stick-Fabric-Sheets-4-1/dp/B001A36I2A/ref=pd_sim_ac_3?ie=UTF8&refRID=122KB1K7AAAG6WS1F385
No it doesn't have paper. You just iron it. It's pretty easy
The container is plastic. The darning needles are metal. Hope this helps!
The curved-tip needles are approximately 3" long, and have generously-sized eyes for easy threading. The container is also large enough to hold a couple of my plastic needles, as well as my 2 1/2" smaller-eyed needles that I use for my crochet thread.
Blue
Yes
I am not sure specifically about glass beads but I used it to glue small sea shells to my daughters dance costume. This glue worked perfectly. One thing about it though, it stinks! Glue in a very well ventilated area.
Sorry, have not used outside.
Don't know as have only used it on glass and plastic.
Glued a very valuable glass collector piece and you would never know it! 10 out of 10 stars for how great it works.
Yes. I have and it works fine
Depends on the paper. If it is thick it will probably be ok but it will be absorbed into the paper. The pencils dont matter just the paper
yes I actually just done that I also just used this product on drawings and wood,photographs and maps
Yes
no, it is too thin. Use Modge Podge. That will work great.
No
I believe you can; although, it may require several coats, and you may want to consider other variables, such as climate, weather conditions or the purpose they will serve, so far, I have used this product for indoor art projects. It is a great product. You may want to contact the manufacturer for more information, or research other products Amazon has to offer because the sites are vary informative. If it will be used for party decorations, you will be pleased.
It works well on paper, stinks, use outside, I would try it on rocks, but I don't know.
I would not try it...it's not for paper, it's for wood, metal or plastic....I think it would definitely warp the paper. Personally, I will never buy the product again as I saw very little difference after spraying my art work. TO better answer your question I went looking for the can I bought to read the directions and it's been tossed out so I can't even do that. I would try an art supply shop for a better selection of products.
Yes, you can. One bag would probably do 15 or more.
I don't know! I don't see why not, but I have a feeling that after heavy use, it might end up compressing more than you would want.
I would not recommend for decorating a tree it's very messy
It is somewhat sparkly but not intensely.
I don't know for sure, I've opened and used right much of what was in the bag but I would say it's probably a little more than 2.5 quarts dry. It's a lot in that bag, enough to not want to drop an opened bag of it and have to clean it up!
I would say these flakes are a little too large for a snow globe. You might try white glitter instead. Hope this helps!
No it will not
This is a flaky material like shaven Styrofoam. Not what you're looking for.
No, more like flakes
Hmm not sure is like the plastic snow.. Almost looks like plastic bags very very small....
Yes they are
Yes. I'm just starting out with crocheting too and I brought these as beginner hooks. They are great.
The set I have was made in Mexico, but don't let that you put you off. This set has good sharp points and hooks, much better than any Boye hooks. I highly recommend these hooks. 5 of 5 stars.
Evidently, they are not. The back of the pack states "Made in Mexico" and each needle also has this printed on it.
The ones I received were F, G, H, I, J, and K. Probably the most commonly-used sizes.
After some googling, it looks like you can. According to about dot com, "If you don't have a mini Rainbow Loom kit, you can just use a crochet hook."
Yes.
yes sometimes you will need two sizes for the same project
I prefer these. They don't taper towards the hook and I can keep my stitches more uniform.
Yes if you use a smaller one they work great. It's what I suggested my daughter use when the plastic one that came with her loom broke.
If your project is glossy it could cause the Snow-Tex to come off. A matte finish works better. If you could lightly sand the spot it might hold better. Also my wife doesn't spray her items until after the snow is applied. I hope this helps some.
I think you could try, just let it dry completely (at least 24-48 hours) before adding the water and closing the globe up.
Maybe--it comes in a small jar, you dilute it with a little water and brush it on the surface of your item. I used it on styrofaom and it worked great. I would think a spray meant for flocking would be a lot easier.
18ML Go to Michaels arts & crafts store to see the size as I've seen them in there selling individually..... though a much better deal on Amazon!
It comes with 6 colors red,blue,black,white,green and yellow a glitter gel paint a pack of two sponges and a pack of 3 brushes
Yes
It is a very good starter kit for a younger painter. Once they get the hang of designs, moving up to a higher quality paint will be a good idea.
Hello, Snazaroo paints can be removed with soap and water, you shouldn't find any problems at all as the paints are well trusted and have been rigorously tested by the manufacturer. We hope this helps!
Shipping charges would be $55 (US).
On these particular paints, I wouldn't know. I don't know the lot number of the paints they are trying to sell. If you are concerned about the dates.... you might want to order your paints from a company called Sillyfarm.com You can call them and they will actually tell you the exp date of the paints. I personally do not use Snazaroo.
This will do quite a few full faces and probably 1000s of cheek art as your not covering a face cheek art are very small pictures I'd buy some extra sponges and additional brushes you'll need them if at a big crowd event. at your event you can share the paint with 2-3 other painters as well.only share if doing cheek art.
The ones in the kit I purchased (on Amazon) are not muted down with brown. I was pleased with the colors and so were the kids who's faces were painted! I'd suggest going to a craft store to look at them in person before ordering. (that's what I did) And also found that Amazon had the best price on the kit.
I got 2
frame measured 1/2 inch according to my ruler,middle support piece depth was 7/16
The is a bar in the back across the middle.
I bought 3 and they came in one box individually wrapped....I'm not sure what you sre looking at.....
I'm not sure since I only paint in acrylics. This is a question you'd have to either as an art instructor or ask an online art forum like www.wetcanvas.com or even write to Fredrix who makes the canavases (probably www.fredrix.com ?)
It needs a wire or other support, but yes sides are paintable and can be hung sans frame.
1...terrific quality.
24 by 36-Inch
I received only one.
Width varies with the letter, but height is approx. 5/16".
No these letters are about 3/16" tall and uppercase only.
They are about 12x12 mm so the letters themselves are about 1 cm. Hope that helps
Sorry don't know exact size. They are very small. If you're looking for large letters these are not what you're looking for.
The letters/numbers are about .5 cm wide and 1 cm long (this is the stamp, not the wooden part).
It can accommodate many pages (I'd argue 50+). When you buy Pioneer page refills, there are little extenders you can screw onto the existing screws of the album, therefore increasing the length of the screws in which you load the pages on.
White! :-)
it only came with 10 clear pages that hold 10 construction type of paper. You can order refills that come with 5 clear pages and 5 construction type of paper. hope this helps
Clear 12x12 envelopes that open from the top. Not paper pages, although there is paper inside the envelopes.
Scrapbook
Yes, it is very easy to purchase extenders (for example from Michaels or Hobby Lobby) to add extra pages to this album.
I was looking for a photo album to hold our Disney vacation photos and this is a true scrapbook. It is very cute if you are looking for a scrapbook....I don't think the pages were themed if I remember right. I ended up returning it for a photo album.
Post bound and constructed well.
Yes, you can easily add additional pages using posts to this great Disney product.
Depends on the size of the pictures but it does hold a large number in a variety of sizes
You could probably fit about 60 to 100 - There are basically 12 pages 12 x 12. I orderd extra pages and protectors for it. With that I had all of our disneyland pictures (tons) with pages left over - with the extra pages in it, it's a big album. You could fit a couple of extra sets of pages/protectors.
As long as it's not something antique or delicate but from what you say of pills all over it I doubt it. Yes it is. I know and have heard of many people doing their whole couches & chairs & ottomans. So I would do it. You will probably have to empty the lint catcher a few times, so pay attention. Start out at an inconspicuous part of the chair and see what you feel is the best pressure for it and if it snags or anything so you can let up on the pressure. If it seems to stop working in any way, take the blade cover off and remove any lint/fuzz around where the blade spins from & the blades. I either blow into it (pointed slightly down so as to avoid fuzz in the face) or I use canned air to give it a good blast of air. So I hope that helps! Give it a try & I bet your chair looks like new! I do my sheets while they're on the bed! Good Luck!
I would agree with VS, be cautious when working with embroidered fabric, otherwise I think you'll be happy to use it on many garments. Larry
No
The box says "CODE;FUZZW-MO MADE IN CHINA
Have only used it on clothes and works great. Should work on any fabric. The batteries die very quickly.
No, it runs off batteries
I woould. It works great on sweaters .
Well, I guess it depends on the fabric of your sofa and the size of the lint. It works on 1/8 of an inch size lint for sure, going slowly and with a circular movement, on sweaters. Is this one working better than the Walmart one, good question. Maybe you should closely at pictures of this one to see if the system (the grid especially) is different. I hope I helped a bit. Good luck.
CVS or TJ Maxx
no
Yes
Hello, definitively no, you cannot fold this paper, it has glitter, it is good for scrapbbok, so you can cut it and works very well with that kind of projects.
No just 1. But it is beautiful
Nope. Only one side.
The weight of this paper would be of that of card stock, Hope this helps. B
Hi, No, this product will not transfer an image onto glass. Instead, get some TAP, transfer artist paper, it works beautifully! Amazon carries it I believe. Good luck! :)
18" by 36" and there are 3 sheets per packet
I would know the answer if it had ever arrived. I paid for it but it never showed up! In any event, I bought another graphite transfer paper at AC Moore and I was disappointed to find that I was unable to erase my lines. I assume most of these tracing papers would be the same.
what you can do is take a graphite pencil and write on the cover and see if it shows up. Ive only used this on paper so i'm not sure of what other surfaces it will work on
I usually mask the edges with masking tape to get a really crisp clean edge and then mount the painting behind a mat with the edge showing. Another way. if you are painting with oils, is to protect the back with greased paper and masking tape before you begin painting. The finished painting can then be glued to a cradled panel - not wrapped around, or it can be wrapped around a panel and glued at the back. the panel can then be framed conventionally. Personally, I like to cut the sheet into 4, mask all around to give a white border and then frame the individual pieces in equal sized frames with a wide mat and hang all 4 together - 2 side by side with the other 2 underneath and about 1 cm gap between the frames. I find this way of working is most successful when the frames are quite a bit larger than the little paintings inside.
Use a drawing board and large binder clips. Or I used the Drawing board on a flat surface.
Great for acrylics - I have not tried pastels.
they tear out like a piece of paper in. notebook. just out them in a frame like you would a board canvas! or a piece of paper!
They are creamy off-white. They are flexible fabric with a nice tight weave.
There are 10 sheets per pad
To answer your question I measured the eye of the largest needle and find that vertically it measures less than 3/8" of an inch and width-wise less than 1/8". I bought these needles for embroider with regular embroidery floss and I don't believe you could use the largest one of these needles for worsted. I hope this answers your question. Sue Mitchell, Ft.Pierce, FL.
They are good needles for a beginner because they are easy to see and sharp for going through certain fabric without leaving a tear or run.., but the eyes for threading are very small, takes a little concentration or get a needle threader to help you..
These needles, Clover No. 3-9 Gold Eye Embroidery, can cover many types of different embroidery patterns and material types. The size of the needle depends on the type of material you wish to use. These are perfect for the embroidery cloths I use, even with pre-stamped patterns, counted cross stitch, and free hand patterns that you wish to make as an heirloom or sampler. I have used these many times and have had great satisfaction in the pieces I have worked with including baby quilts, pillowcases and and hand towels for the kitchen and bath. Use them well and have great fun.
Hand needles
In my experience they are quite sturdy.
That's a really good question! I will try it right now and see... are you referring to the light up threader?
I believe so but am not completely sure.
What does this question have to do with these needles?
The function of one snap will vary with the angle. Easy to unsnap with a side lifting motion a stright pull or a flat shearing pull will hold much additional. I doubt if one snap will hold ten pounds in all situations. Never researched it but would figure that SOMEWHERE there is an obscure chart with the load ratings. I have used this size for years for sail covers, window/rain flaps for boat enclosures and tops with no obvious failures of the snaps. Proper installation & spacing will insure best results.
On the package it says for jackets, coats, skiwear and boat covers. We do not know if it will work with your 3mm plastic or not, since the plastic will not compress at all like the other things that it mentions does.
I don't see any problem using them on a leather belt. Make sure to punch the hole through the leather first with a leather puncher, the hole diameter should be slightly smaller than the snaps, then install the snaps.
Yes
Yes. This is one, best for things that are not deep into the project. http://www.amazon.com/Dritz-Heavy-Duty-Fastener-Plier/dp/B005BB5GYS/ref=pd_bxgy_ac_text_y If the snaps will be located to far into the project for the plyers to work, then you'll need something like this http://www.amazon.com/General-Tools-1265-Fastener-Fasteners/dp/B00004T7VT/ref=pd_sim_ac_9 You may want some kind of tapered punch set to open up a space for the snap and help guide it into place, especially if you're going through heavier, or multiple layers of fabrics.
yes
Depends on the size you order - and there is also a Series 7 "Miniature" that is numerically sized using similar size designations, but - being intended for miniature work - is significantly smaller. The size "3" standard is 7 1/4 inches long, the hairs 1/2" in length, and 1/8" at the ferrule.
Not sure I understand the question - do you mean size of the #3 brushes?
The problem I see is that the heat necessary to melt the adhesive will burn the silk. It happened to me when I tried to use it on polyester. Cotton was just fine.
It's white and smooth and I can't see why not! Incidentally, the patch is still holding up just fine, on my sheet:)
Yes it can. I used it to to mend a cigarette burn hole in a duvet cover...just iron it on! Not sure if your pocket it a jean pocket or an outside pocket either way it irons right on and covers your hole.
Not that hot. Put your iron on a med. setting before applying. Try placing the iron first on the fabric before you put the tape on.
Yes, I have applied it many times to shirts and even cotton tops and after washing it stays in place.
One side only, with white background, so you will have a white line after finishing.
it's been a while since I got them, but, I think there were enough parts to do 6, I actually need to order more of them as they did work really well for my application... I will warn you, I could not pound them into place... I wasn't strong enough, my husband had to do it.
The extra large eyelets are 1 inch OD and 1/2 inch ID.
I am by no means an expert on eyelets. I purchased the setter that came with the eyelets and it worked great. I am not familiar with the one you mentioned.
there is a tool in the packet and you need a quite heavy hammer. first cut a hole into the fabric, put the upper and lower eylet, one part of the tool on the bottom, one on the top, an then hit with the hammer, first softly, then harder.
87.5% Natural Cotton 12.5% Polypropylene. Don't use to make microwave potato bags!
No
You could.... but it wouldn't be your most realistic-looking choice. The cheaper, high loft batting would be much better suited for a snowy ground effect.
Do not look like snow to me just flat
Well, I don't have a lab or anything but since it smells like cotton, looks like cotton, and even feels like cotton, my guess is YES it must be cotton, all cotton and nothing but cotton. ;) Hope this helps.
Quite thin - about 2mm.
No . . .just long space with dividers. Nothing to prevent bobbins from spinning and thread to become tangled each time it's moved. Consider the Bobbin Saver, which holds bobbins tight in a donut shape so they can't spin off thread. I threw this case away after dealing with the messy tangled thread each time I needed a bobbin.
Yes lots of room.
It's about 3" x 6" and 1.25" high.
I have a brother's and assuming all the bobbins are the same I would say yes.
Yes empty!!
TheBoxComesEmpty...ThereAreNoBobbinsWithIt. TheBoxCanHoldBobbinsForAnyMachine.
This particular box does not have bobbins included.
I was fooled into thinking the box came with bobbins in it too, nope! Gotta buy the bobbins seperate.
I do believe almost any bobbin should fit into this case. I have two different brands of machines and the case will hold bobbins from both machines. lynnakamamadawg
Mine are large too and they fit. Look at the circular ones too. They are very handy.
Yes, but I have not chosen to use this piece of equipment that was supplied with this kit. I am using woolen fabric and like a curved large-eyed needle better for stitching/lacing the braids together. The illustrations and steps suggested in the booklet are very good and when followed, gives the participant confidence to do it successfully. I am glad I ordered this kit and have shared it with several people, even to demonstrating the use at a fiber retreat last October. Thanks. Lee Bates
There is some stitching required when joining strips of material but you could do that hand if you don't have a machine.
I found a book, a needle and string in my kit, basically what was advertised to be in there.
If this is a question that is asking for rug braiding supplies, does that mean that you are inquiring about this particular starter kit? If so, the directions are very good to excellent about creating braided rugs, mats, placemats, etc. The little metal cone that folds thin fabric is good for that, but for thicker fabric, it isn't sufficient. That part is done best by hand folding and pressing with a hot steam iron. The needle for lacing is good if you have no other large curved needle for upholstery work or if that style. Overall, I think that this kit is worth the money in that it has excellent illustrations in the diagrams and photos in the book, answers many questions you would think of while trying to do this craft. I am glad I purchased mine and intend to make many more items using this kit. Hope this helps answer your question.
Yes it does but they are different that the bias tape makers.
No, it came with no extra blades. I've used it mostly on cloth but also on paper and cardboard. No sign of dulling yet. The motor will slow down on cardboard, but it keeps on moving.
I have not used them for that. We use them on oak tag which is a heavy card stock.
I have used it on heavy denim so I think it would do burlap, but maybe only a single layer. I did the denim single layer because two layers really bogged it down. Hope this helps.
Mine is in use daily, with regular recharging, and the need for a battery change has yet to occur. These don't appear to have a provision for changing batteries, but if they are kept properly recharged, I doubt that even most regular users will need to change them for a long time. I've owned dozens of electric scissors over the years, some good, some terrible, and these are, by far, the best I've owned. I can't directly answer the question, but I hope this helps.
Yes!
Yes. I have cut faux fur and leather and much, much more. These are the best $50 that I spent and will continue to purchase from Amazon. I am a professional quilter and use these primarily for cutting batting for my customer quilts but every once in a while husband borrows these for cutting heavy material in his "man cave".
No. When you first plug the adapter into the wall it should glow green. Then when you place the scissors on its cradle it should turn red. When the scissors are fully charged, which can take three hours, The light should turn green again. The first one I got was doing what you described. Rather, the light was sort of flickering between green and some funky pinkish color. Even though it was charging the scissors, not knowing for sure that it was fully charged was making me nuts. I had bought it on Amazon, so I just called them up and they were happy to exchange it for another, and the replacement did what it was supposed to. When your question came in, before I answered, I double checked the owners manual on their website. I hope this helps. And by the way, I love love love the scissors.
There is a plastic tab that holds the bottom blade in a stationary position. The bottom blade will move when the tab breaks. I bought new blade heads but the tab broke on them also. I don't recommend this product.
Sorry, I don't know. I'm a rightie.
Yes! I'm left handed and love mine. It is not designed for any particular "handedness." &#128516;
It is not very fluffy for thickness, but it is very warm and has a good weight. My daughter is very warm at night with the quilt I made with this batting. I am very happy with this product. I plan on buying more soon.
very! after trying other kinds i,ve found this brand to be the warmest and its light weight.
I am no expert but the qualities of warm and natural allow for both hand or machine quilting. Minimal shifting between the layers.
I am presently using this 100% cotton batting in a quilt but have not finished.... but so far, the batting is as advertised and very easy to use. I have every confidence that when finished, the quilt will be warm. A finished quilt would not be any warmer than the air temp. allowed; but would warm up when used due to body temp.
The batting is an off white color. As to it being pre-shrunk, I do not know and the package does not say. However, I have used this batting for several years now on all of my quilting projects and several have been washed repeatedly without any noticeable shrinkage other than how a quilt normally looks after the first washing. I love this product and would highly recommend it for quilting.
No it is not 100% cotton only 87 1/2 %, the polymer fibers will burn. Had problems with this batting in my potato bags. Read contents very carefully before buying.
I did squiggly "S" lines from one side to the other. Never thought to only brush the four corners. Also used it to repair the rubber backing on a bathroom rug and it did a fine job and has lasted through machine washings.
Call Environmental Technology (707) 443-9323 - see their web site http://eti-usa.com/contact/
It works great on rugs of any size. Needs 2 coats to work well. My floors have not been scuffed up, so I guess it works as a anti-scuffer as well as being a non-slip rug product. I love this product but be sure to paint it on outside as the fumes and smell are bad until it dries. I also use it on the bottom of slippers I have knitted or crocheted as a non slip surface.
yes, the rug is washable
You must wait for a nice warm day, take the rug outside and clean off the old padding well. It can be put on with an old paintbrush. It takes a few days to dry WELL. It all depends on the humidity, too. I cannot stand fumes at all, but it was not bad since I was outside.
One jar will probably cover two 4x6 rugs if you paint around the edges and then just stripes through the middle of the rug. That is what I did. One reviewer talked about not having to cover the back of the rug completely and it still worked great. I found that to be true. I have used three jars now, covering all kinds of rugs. It's great.
It does have an odor. It's really stinky when putting it on, so make sure there's plenty of airflow. After it's dry, it will have an odor, but when it's on the floor and you're walking around, you won't notice it. It's only when you're really close to the rug that you'll be able to smell it.
Years? I don't know. I painted a bunch of rugs last summer and they are all doing great. I painted bathroom rugs that I tore the old rubber backing off, repainted bathroom rugs that had this type of latex originally painted on them and those rugs are probably 15 plus years old. I painted hall rugs that are bound carpet pieces, and kitchen rugs of various types. Many backings and all rugs were slipping around a lot. None of them slip any more. This stuff is great. Painted the rugs outside, let dry 24 hours (inside) before using them. Painted backs in stripes to make jar go farther.
yes!
Mine dried clear.
Perhaps they prefer you simply scroll down the page and read the description they provided where they answered your question even before you asked. Doesn't anyone read anymore?
No, Insul-Brite cannot be used in the microwave.
I have used it in casserole carriers to take to pot luck dinners where it sits for over an hour. The dish from the oven was baked at 400 degrees, then immediately placed in the carrier. The dishes are always still hot when opening the carrier. I use the potholders and oven gloves I make using this, and have never been burned, even bringing out dishes that were baked at 400 degrees and are piping hot and bubbling. I have also used the table toppers with very hot dishes on them at my dining room table, which is a very NICE wood table. No problems, ever! I make the toppers bigger than the dishes I set on them, just in case the dish bubbles over. Then throw them in the washer, dryer and they are all ready to work hard again, never leaving any burns on the table, hands or carriers.
It's 36 by 45. It's very thin. I like it very much.
Their own description claims: "No pre-wash necessary, Machine wash and dry." There were no qualifications about how you washed it in a washing machine, so wash it normal like anything else.
It says to place metal side against fabric to be used against the hot or cold. This seems to work on my pot holders .
directions packed with the product tell you which side is up--shiny side vs. non
I have not seen any evidence of pilling inside the pot holders I have made with it. The fabric is sturdy and smooth so I don't think it will pill.
Yes you can That is how I made my potholders
Yes! I used it on our walls for extra insulation and dropped our heating bills quite a bit. It would be perfect for curtains.
Gingher
There is NO handle on this flat stone. It measures: 3.25"X1"X1/4" thick. Comes in a nice leather case.
It does not indicate on packaging what the grit might be or the grinding stone composition. However, it appears to be A super fine grit and is man made. I have been using it with great satisfaction for sewing scissors, both industrial and regular home scissors.
The package says "made in USA".
No. You use it as is. Works pretty well.
I can take a close up picture for you but not sure how to attach it here
I would think it would. You may want to email the company and ask them . I use mine on all my scissors and knifes and so far it works very good. BUt I have just cheap scissors and knifes.
It is not the same if it is not a Gingher, the dressmaker's shears are so expensive that I wouldn't use anything else but the recommended sharpening stone, the Gingher G-S.
I take mine to a professional knife sharpner at a quilt shop if they are very dull or nicked, I also use the edge sharpener I purchased from Amazon, my husband does it for me
Happy to! Helps tremendously to sew a straight, even seam. Just set it on the needle plate to the right of the needle (the needle plate is the metal piece that the needle goes up and down through the hole and the feed dogs come up under it) place it as far from the needle as you want your line of stitching and it guides the fabric through perfectly as you sew. I absolutely love this thing!! Here's a link to visual dictionary with parts o' sewing machine: http://visual.merriam-webster.com/arts-architecture/crafts/sewing/sewing-machine_1.php Here's a video: this product comes up about 40 sec part: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtKL6mwSRQI
On the back of the package says not to use on computer sewing machines.
Please have a look at this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tByXPGwvZ_I to see how a seam guide is used; think of this magnetic seam guide as corresponding to the piece of tape shown in the video. 1/5" is a very peculiar measurement. I don't know of a ruler that would show 1/5". But I figured that 1/5" is about 5 mm, so you can use a millimeter ruler to measure such a distance. On my sewing machine with the needle positioned in the center of the presser foot, 5 mm from the needle would fall under the pressure foot. So the only way I could sew a 5 mm seam would be to move the needle away from the center position, setting it so that it is 5 mm from one edge of the pressure foot. Then I could use the edge of the presser foot as the seam seam guide. So for such an odd seam allowance, this magnetic seam guide would not work unless you have a very narrow presser foot. That said, this is a wonderful seam guide for measuring seam allowances of more conventional widths.
The only thing going against the guide should be fabric, so the type of foot should not matter. CAUTION: I would not use on computerized machines. Magnets and electronics do not play well together...
I purchased one and use it occasionally. It has a good magnet and since I have an older Viking machine, which is metal; it does hold well. Since my sewing is predominately quilting using a 1/4" seam, I use my 1/4" seam presser foot more than the seam guide.
Hi, Does your new machine have a metal throat plate? ( that is the plate that goes under the sewing foot which the needle passes through as it goes down and catches the bobbin thread) If you have the metal plate the Dritz Magnetic Seam Guide should work with not problem. The great thing about the magnetic guide for me is when I sew a hem in place or have a seam that is deeper than one inch I measure out from the needle to the depth of the seam or hem and attach the guide to the metal throat plate and as I sew the edge of the fabric is sliding through against the guide and I have a perfect seam. Good luck with your new sewing "toy" and have fun sewing ! I hope this answered your question. Happy Sewing Ells3
Although you haven't really asked a question, I suppose you want to know if the seam guide will work with this machine. All I can tell you is that if the needle plate is a magnetic metal (see item 9 shown on p. 6 of your manual), it should work. You could test by seeing if any magnet sticks to it.
No it does not.
No it's like a thick, firm plush material. Not like the material you'd find in the tomato pin cushion. Hope that helps.
No.
1-1/4 inch thick, 4-3/4 inch diameter
The tape measure is 60" long. It's nice because it has inches on one side, millimeters on the other.
Japan
Not really cloth like but it is flexible and does not stretch. It is not like the cheap plastic kind you find in the stores. It is the best I've ever used.
It measures in both centimeters and inches. The tape is marked on both sides with inches on one side and centimeters on the other.
No -- unless a person is giving this item to a child as a teething ring, or allowing day care kids free reign in their sewing room...or tend to bite their nails and have bad hygiene...I think these are warnings that are out there on just about everything to alleviate any and all law suits that MIGHT possibly happen whether they pertain to the product or something on the product or near the person who delivered something to the plant that the product was made in....it is all about protecting the corporate butt from those who do not take personal responsibility.
One side of the tape measure is in inches and the other side is in millimeters.
The only printing on this item is: "CLOVER" (and below it, "Japan") so I presume that the item was manufactured by a Japanese company named "Clover", and that they called their excellent little fiberglass tape measure "Shiro" [it's a pleasure to use a fiberglass tape measure that retracts like a Stanley PowerLock!]
1/2 inch.
This should do it as it is a flexible tape.
Pat just saw question involved the newest Cricut Machine. Sorry I don't have that machine or know how it works. it should work fine since the pen takes the place of the blade but don't known for sure.
Yes. They do. Remove knife and insert uncapped ink pen.
Are you referring to the Cricut Explore Air? They don't make a Cricut Expressions Air. These markers will bot work with the Cricut Explore or the Cricut Explore Air. The only difference between the Cricut Explore and the Cricut Expression Air is that the Cricut Explore Air comes with a built-in Bluetooth and does not require the Cricut Explore Wireless Bluetooth Adapter. The Explore requires the Bluetooth Adapter to connect via Bluetooth to cut wirelessly. These markers will work with the Cricut Expression. They do not make a Cricut Expression Air.
Take tip of color pen off.. Then insert into the area where the knife cartridge was before you removed it.
I am not familiar with that machine. I have the smaller cricut. They fit most machines. Colors are not exact and they are like using a sharpy marker.
I don't have a mini, but the package says it works with all Cricut machines.They are wonderful.
No it does not. Is this my sis, Bonnie?
5x5". I was hoping for something larger, but its a nice size.
Yes. I purchased this last year, at that time the hook was metal
No
This has 18 pins.
The hook is metal and is curved at both ends into a U shape.
There is not a particular brand but cheaper brands sometime give you loops that don't fit or come off before you complete project
My granddaughter was 5 when I gave it to her and she had a pot holder made by the time the day was over.
I believe it will. It is more ink than paint and is really meant for silkscreening. I have used it to paint on glow in the dark skeletons on t-shirts. As with slot of glow in the dark stuff, it is very bright immediately after being exposed to light but then fades relatively quickly. It recharges very quickly. 5-10 minutes.
Well, neither. It dries a little bit greenish/yellowish. If you use it straight from the jar (without an extender) it is probably about 70% opaque... The more extender you use, obviously, the more transparent it gets. Hope this helps!
Yes, but the amount of stiffness is in direct relationship with the thickness of the paint. The more layers of paint, the stiffer the fabric under it becomes.
I found that putting it out in the sun (after its been printed of course) made the glow significantly brighter. As far as glow time I can say for sure but I would assume it would make it glow longer
Unfortunately, mixing with non-glow paint will dilute the effects of the glow paint. You can however, buy other colors that glow in the dark.
4 x 3 x2 inches deep
This alarm is very tough to get 'spot on' for an alarm time. Of the two buttons on the back, the top one rotated counter clockwise, moves the silver pointer around to the time you want it to ring. Then pop the top big brown button so it is up and you are ready to go. Test it out with something 10 to 20 minutes out from right now and see how close to your target time it rings. unlike a digital, the analog clock works on gears and pointers so it is not an exact science.
Yes
You can't hear much ticking at all.
No, this wouldn't work for patches on clothing. You can buy fusable facing/interfacing that would work on the inside much better. Just check with a fabric store if you have one close.
The package does say acid free on it.
This product will make the hem to stiff and crinkly. I would just sew the hem by machine or if you cannot do that just buy some hem tape at the fabric store.
when you first get it it is white. that is the paper you will take off AFTER you press it on the fabric. then you just see a shiny appearance to the back of the fabric where you ironed it on.
No, I would go to the fabric store and get something that sews in. I've made handbags before and this definitely isn't what you want. I also tried the iron on inside and didn't like the way it looked. (I can't remember what it's called for the life of me! Sorry)
Ultta Heat'n Bond is the type that needs high heat to adhere and you are not supposed to sew through it as It will gum up your needle. I have never adhered to a sweater but have used it many times for other applications and it works it great.
It comes in a roll, but even if there are creases, they would iron out.
Do you have the correct heat on your iron? I use this product a lot and have never had a problem. The other thing is, have you prewashed the fabric? These are the only things I would know. Good luck!
I'm sorry but I really don't know. I bought it by mistake.
This could definitely work, but if you want to sew around the appliques afterwards, you're better off with the Thermoweb in the purple packaging.
My son kept the box that it came in and uses that to store it -- it's nice and sturdy.
No, but I would of course keep it on cool instead of heat.
This is from the company. I did some research &#128077; Joan We do offer replacement boards for $20 including shipping if this interests you. If you would like one, please send me your shipping address, full name, phone # and a Visa or MC # and I will mail it out to you. [You can also mail us a cheque but we would need to wait until it was received to ship the board.] Note: Please keep your tray and brush, as only the board itself will be mailed to you from our beautiful Vancouver BC headquarters.
I'm not sure. The best I can do is offer you the email and internet addresses on my Buddha Board brochure. info@buddhaboard.com and www.buddhaboard.com Hope these help you.
Sure. You can use any brush you want.
The Placemat Board that comes with the Buddha Board is known as the Drip Tray. It is an actual plastic board that the Buddha Board stand rests on top of just in case water slide occurs with the calligraphy and evaporation. The Drip Tray comes standard with the package of The Original Buddha Board.
Purified is probably better but we use tap and so far it is fine. It is important to change it daily.
Yes. The base in which it sits on allows you to rotate the board to sit portrait or landscape. My recommendation is to have something behind it like a wall because I found that in either direction it tends to fall backwards.
Just google it and you will see many of these for sale
No
The Proessional version contains all the features of the Standard version plus Highlighting features for locating stitches of the sleected color, editing and creating specialty stitches, auto-outlining a selected area using backstitches, a free-hand selection tool for making arbitrarily-shaped selections, and ability to create layouuts using a built-in word processor. I actually orderedthe professional level edition by mistake and then ordered the standard edition. Unless one is especially gifted at designing cross stitch graphs, I think the standard edition suffices for most everything.
I have not used this as of yet, but, the chart patterns I do buy is printed in solid colors per square. Each square is a stitch (crochet or Tunisian Crochet). For Tunisian Crochet read pattern from right to left on all rows. For simple Crochet read pattern from right to left then when you "turn" read pattern from left to right.
Not natively - it exports to standard graphics formats such as .jpg. However you can easily get and install a PDF writer that will let you print to a PDF instead of the printer that will handle this task.
Well at first you download your picture and then it takes you through some questions about it. Even let you make any adjustment or highlights as needed. Once to tell the size and how many colors you will need it shows you what the pattern will look like. I like to enlarge the print on the pattern so I can see what I need to do. Takes more pages but it helps to break it down that way. Takes a bit to play with the program but I really do like it.
It gives the numbers -- e.g., Black 310
Yes ,and you can make less than 150 .
I think you have to design from scratch, because I have not seen anything in the clip art that might do. However, you can certainly enter, move and change the names however you wish. I would think you could make a template by reproducing a design or parts of a design that you can find in a pattern book for x-stitch, and then add the names. Not sure about manipulating image size.
I am running on Windows 8 and I have not had any problems.
You can choose the size and also stitch size count
Yes , it's really good , that is what I looking for , easy to use, u won't regret .
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
The rods have Velcro placed on them and when you pull frame off to put fabric on it holds fabric in place as you roll to tighten fabric.Mine came with additional Velcro.
There are different rod lengths available. I bought a 30" set of dowels separate from the frame to accommodate a very large project and I got them all through amazon.
I had this same desire because I already have the whole F.A. Edmunds handi-clamp system, but when I tried the holes were too small. My husband said the holes would need to be redrilled larger to the 1/4" size. The rods that come with this set work fine, and it comes with a roll of loop tape for the hook & loop fastening system used on this set. I hope this helps! It really is a great system to have!
There are 5 holes in each side of the base and you can insert your frame into any of those holes to get the comfortable position you need. I have no problem with this frame at all. I've tried (and purchased) many different frames but this is my absolute all time favorite. I highly recommend it.
The frame rotates 360 easily within the legs. I like this frame for cross stitch and needlepoint very much but I made a modification. I replaced all the wooden knobs except on the feet with #10 wing nuts and that allows the tension to be retained. Spending an extra dollar make a good frame into an excellent frame. This frame is not for quilting.
I have with no problems.
No--the widest extensions I believe will fall short: however taking one of the dowels to an all purpose hardware store may allow you to purchase longer dowels and the double ended screws that can be drilled into each end
The frame will only hold up to 20" wide
I think it probably will. Just keep your fabric a bit looser so the can manipulate it a bit easier. The only thing I can see as a hindrance would be rolling the parts you already have your yarn in. Have fun and enjoy. Remember, you can get very large frame pieces by this company. That may also help a great deal. I hope this was helpful.
Amazon has the 30" scroll rods and the American Dream Products web site has longer ones.
i really do not know i used only a little bit to fix a hole in a chair
Yes, this will do it.
It was broken up into sections about 12 or 14 feet long. I just hung them over a door while I was using one and soaking a second reed.
Just cut it with scissors or knife and pull it out
I think it could be painted. I stained it and that worked well.
Natural
No, chair bottoms or baskets
Tina, Sorry, but it is neither. The fiberfill almost feels like wool batting. It is thick, but soft when placed inside a pillow, but it holds its shape incredibly well. So, to fill my pillow, all I had to do was unroll from the packaging and then re-roll to the size of the pillow and place inside. This was so superior to anything I've used before that it blew me away. Before, I had to pull clumps of fiberfill and then stuff inside a pillow making the pillow lumpy no matter what I did. Not so with this stuff. My pillows are still holding their shape. Hope this answers your question.
I was able to stuff five medium sizes pillow to about half full (not overstuffed.) I don't think this would stuff an entire giant animals. It would maybe stuff something the size of a two year old.
Yes it is.
Yes - this can be used to stuff amigurumi animals. Just be sure to stuff the stuffing TIGHTLY in the crocheted animal, since the composition of the stuffing does not matter, it just matters that it is packed densely and tightly so that as the stuffing expands and warps over time it does not warp the animal.
Two to three.
No, I wouldn't think so. It all depends on how "packed" you would want the 3-4" fullness to be. Some people like to be able to squeeze the 3-4" down very easily. I like a more firm pillow. If that were the case, then I think you would need a bit more than one bag.
I don't know-sorry!
No- I do not think it would work for that. I think you need a studier foam....not polyester filerfill.
This thing is pure synthetic material I'm not sure I understand your question! it's all about chemicals here --- nothing about polyester is fire retardant ---- this is pure plastic at it's finest and yes I've checked it burns quite happily so (no fire retarding processes here)
It was used to stuff a toy but it was of good quality and should work well.
I have used them only for poster size frames in restaurants to hold a photo montage to promote singers/groups. We usually stand them in a corner because they are lightweight and can be tipped when bumped. The shelf that holds the frame isn't very deep and I wouldn't recommend using it for anything heavier than the poster frame. However, they are exactly what I need and believe the natural wood could be painted to match any dcor to hold a painting, etc. Doubt it's sturdy enough to use as an artist's easel. Hope this helps.
I have my easel setting in my living room with one of my paintings (16 x 20 without a frame) displayed on it, looks great. For a wedding I would paint my easel to color coordinate to the color theme of the wedding and it should work just fine.
It comes in a plastic packages and needs to be completely assembled. It's pretty easy to assemble. I haven't traveled with it but it collapses easily so I imagine it would be easy to travel with.
I'm only using the top half of these - as framed art holders. My husband painted them white and they are holding framed paintings that are 22 x 18 inches on a ledge in our living room. I don't know what size canvas would be stable if you were using these to actually support a painting as you worked on it.
I would say the shelf is about 3/4 of an inch thick. I had a foam mounted poster on it and it was no problem. It should hold any canvas frame as well.
The support that holds the print or poster is adjustable meaning you can slide it up or down deepening on the height you need.
Depends on how heavy your art is. The height can be adjusted by the sliding the holding bar higher or lower. The legs aren't very strong and it felt kinda shaky. But it held my 16x20 photographs pretty well until the wind came up. When the wind started blowing harder, they knocked into each other and broke a few frames that my photos were in. I used them indoors and they are fine, that is if no one bumps into them.
yes
yes there steel
YES it holding an board in the honor of the memories of MY WONDERFUL SON STEPHIN
I looked up some images of memory wire jewelery and I think these would work ok.
They are all 11/0 and there are 24 colors in the set. I highly recommend because of the variety of colors. I just love them and you can't beat the price either. Hope this helps!!!
you can use this size bead . they are 11/0 seed beads if that helps. most are usable , you may have to cull some to get the best ones as they are not a big name brand like miyuki or toho. Hope this helps. You tube has many wonderful free tutorials on friendship pins, just make sure if you plan to sell them you get permission from the author of the tutorial .
No, they are in small containers, with the lid that flips up.
These are too small for safety pins. I have tried it and you need some that are a little bigger.
They are somewhat irregular lengths, but I counted about 16 beads per inch.
Yes, exactly as it looks. It makes for easy storage!
These are glass seed beads. It's quite the deal too!
11/0.
I believe they are 11/0
No sliding on work surface, I stamp and do water colors on it all the time. I love this thing. One wipe with paper towel and your work area is clean.
No, it would not be easy to rip or tear these mats, it is possible to cut through them with a sharp knife, however. I have one which I use for craft work and painting, and love it. In my work, I don't do anything that would cause me to rip or tear it.
You can certainly use this for fusible interfacing (double sided?) It will stick if double-sided, but will easily peel off (similar to elmers' glue on fingers, you simply roll the adhesive as you go along and it will all come off).
I'm not sure what temperature you'd be using, but I wouldn't recommend it anyway. The product is meant to be a "protector" of fabric being treated and is used for short term heat application. While it may withstand the heat of an oven, I cannot think of a benefit to using it. If anything, it may cause the clay to shape differently.
Their website might answer your question: https://bonashstore.com/shop/angelina/giant-sheet-fiberglass-non-stick-ironing-craft-sheet/
I think your asking if you place cardstock on the mat and apply mod podge will it come off so you can apply it to fabric? The answer is yes, anything can be applied and peeled off.
I dont know exactly, but I can tell you I have this sheet- I wish I'd gotten a bigger one, but it is fantastic. It is definetly not too thin. I would think it compares to Ranger brand, especially since its such a good price.
Yes you can use the heat gun over the sheet.
Yes, it is safe to iron this. In fact, I ironed the heck out of mine. Unlike the picture, the one I received did not come rolled up - it arrived already folded (and creased). My iron took most of the creases out, and otherwise it works just fine.
Works very well on a chalkboard so am guessing a chalkboard painted wall is similar. It's both washable and erasable. One thing though it's more brighter than a regular chalk so a regular chalk eraser leaves a faint mark behind. Wet cloth would clean it clear. On paper a kneaded eraser works great. Have not tried it chalk board.
I, personally, received 48 pieces; 4 rows of 12 pastels. But, that's just me. And it was well over a year ago.
yes, soft...my 9 yrs old girl is very happy with them
About 2.5 inches
I guess it could be used, but it's only chalk so it will smudge easily.
They are about the same size as regular pastels- about 2" long and maybe a centimeter thick
No it does not.
I do not know. Sorry.
Bucilla's instructions on how you back them with the felt are located on the opposite sides of the color chart. It seems to suggest taping them together. Personally, I didn't like the felt, so I took white fabric for lining and random christmas fabric and made them actual mini stockings. I also used ribbon instead of twisting the floss for the hanging material. The floss just ended up limp and awkward looking. I hope you find a way that works for you.
14
It's 14 count.
It was 14. Easy to work with and see. Made 30 of them and my daughters cried they were so pretty!
They are washable. I'm tried them the stains do wash out.
Dry until you put water on them.
Yes
The reason they have face paint is to not clog the pores and because regular paint is too harsh on skin and can break the skin out in a rash...so the face paint is milder and more gentle on the skin as wella s the fact atht it glides on better and flexes with ur skin movements. Acrylic and other craft paints are NOT meant to be used on skin. You should only use cosmetic products that are designed for face painting. Craft paints can contain nickel, latex, and carcinogens that can cause serious reactions. Also the pigments used in craft paints are not compliant with cosmetic testing regulations and are not always safe for skin. If you want to use craft paints on yourself, you are using at your own risk. Just PLEASE do not use them on others, especially children. There is special paint for face painting. Face paint is unique in that it doesn't form a crust. If you put any other kind of craft paint on it would dry and you wouldn't be able to talk or make any facial expressions without cracking the paint.
Mike, the colors are not labeled. Although I'm not a color expert, this palette does appear to include a cyan and magenta.
I don't think so. It's pretty thin and easy to break. I used it to weave a chair bottom and I really needed a stronger thread.
i just bought mine for crafting, but i think if you weaved it in & out and close together cause its thin but somewhat strong , i guess it probably could work..
This product is about 1/8th inch thick, however, it is a natural product and so the thickness does vary a little.
I think it would be very difficult to crochet seagrass. Platting or weaving would be more successful.
I think the sea grass would work very well, good luck
Kerry, what did you decide on and how is it working out for you? I am just starting to work with paracord as a hobby and have tried a few different styles of basic scissors and utility cutters with unsatisfactory results. I haven't purchased anything specifically for paracord yet and what I've tried are cutting tools I already own, are sharp but maybe just not good for paracord.
I have had no trouble with mine.
I have sharpened mine, and those of the women who work in the quilt shop, by cutting aluminum foil or fine sandpaper. They do cut a lot of fabric before they need to be sharpened however. :-)
I'm not familiar with non-stick scissors. I would say that it might stick to these, but it really is going to depend on the type, thickness and stickiness of the glue or adhesive you want to cut. If you could tell me a bit more about your desired use for these then I'd be happy to offer a more educated opinion.
I'm so glad that you ask this question. This is exactly what I use them for. They work wonderfully for plastic canvas. They even make it easier to work with. The other good thing, is with these, you can get close to the edge of the canvas.
Yes, there is a lock to close. No, there is no sheath.
Your question about heat n bond got me wonering so I took a scrap of it and poured boiling water on it and it didn't do anything to it, the water just rolled off of it without damage it. As far as being flammable I think only the company can answer that question. Hope this helps.
You should wash the fabric before using the heat and bond to remove any sizing on the fabric and them it washes pretty well.
I would think so. It puts a coating on the fabric that is waterproof so I would imagine it is dust proof as well.
I'm not sure I would chance it bc it peels off. If it gets caught in your printer the glue may get all over. I used it to cover fabric that I had reupholstered my kitchen chairs with. It cracked & peeled pretty easily. Didn't last very long at all.
I used this on my kitchen chairs that I had recovered but it peeled off. Didn't last more than a few days. Placemats might be ok because no one is sitting on them lol
H-m-m... hard to imagine applying it to anything that wasn't perfectly flat. And I don't know how it would stand up to the flexing of the fabric on a cushion.
cut to shape and size,place on top of fabric ( peel off paper down). Slowly peel off paper and stick to fabric. set iron on cotton setting. Place peeled off paper (shine side down) on vinyl. Iron slowly. finish with 45 sec in each spot. Turn fabric over. re iron (no Need for paper). let cool
sorry, I don not know. I use it to seal pressed flower art and it works wonderful for that. Pat
I think it should be appropriate, but shouldn't be placed directly on the heated surface.
I only used it on fabric, but I think it would work on paper too.
Friskets or frisket film
It is directly wired for an 110v AC plug, so my guess is it would require an adapter. The manufacturers website may provide a definite answer.
If you want to cut through the plastic, yes.
As far as more available tips. You will get a sheet that is in the packaging from the original manufacture that more available tips that you can order. And as far as the tips that are provided , I still haven't gone through them yet and it's been quite a while since I've had this thing. I suppose it would make a difference as far as how long they will last depending on the material your using as a back drop to cut your stencils with. Hope this helps... :-)
I honestly don't know, sorry.
I tried this on white and then clear contact paper. It worked much better on the clear. With a light touch it melted the plastic but left the peel away paper intact. Make sure the tool is very hot and only use in a well ventilated space. BTW - Using contact paper is a great idea for stencil making. When I did etchings years ago I cut stencils from masking tape (tedious!). I paint on fabric now and use my sewing machine to make freezer paper stencils.
it's supposed to remove the rough melted edges left by the tool but I haven't had any luck with it on 14 mill sheets of mylar
burn it
No. Glass etching is done with diamond or carbide tips on a rotary device (like a Dremel) that rotates the tip to score or cut away bits of the glass. This is a heat device that will slice through plastics to create a stencil. Search through Amazon or Google for "diamond burr set." Another way to etch glass is to sandblast or to chemically etch the glass with something like Armour Etch.
I am sure it would cut through it but I do not know if it would be a clean cut or not. I have never cut foam with a hot tool...I usually use an X-acto knife or something similar.
No worries you won't brake it it's very strong just pry it open a quarter works well. Have fun with your new tumbler.
Just three is fine, especially if leaving it on overnight.
I used this with dry-walnut-media to clean/polish brass, it took over 24 hours each time, and wasn't always successful - when I tried to clean steel pieces using "black beauty" sandblast-grit, if I overfilled with sand the motor couldn't keep up (sand is heavy, each drum was 5 lbs at least - more than it's rated for) I wanted to clean larger batches than this was built for... When it did work (small batches), it created a very nice polish
Wouldn't try it. A disk polisher or a polishing wheel would be better
Depends on what type of lava rock you have, harder course rock yes. The porous Hawaiian style no at it would simple crumble away.
I use it to polish sapphire's and ruby's for me at takes a while as I start it with the stones very rough and have to change the sand several times to get them to the stage of polishing them. electricity is not much but it is noisy so you may want to put it in a room by it self. try it for about an hour than check them as make sure you get the right sand polish for them too coarse can scratch them. I bought mine about 6 months ago and it is still working fine today.
This model doesn't have a speed control but you can buy a electronic regular kinda like a dimmer switch for your lights in the house and change the speed by how much power you put to the machine
I WOULD SAY NO !!
Yes they will
I don't know, because It looked pre-oiled before I started using it and I haven't gotten to that point yet.
Here's a link with some good info. http://www.candlescience.com/learning/the-problem-with-palm-wax.php
Everything that is pictured is included, melting pot, bag of wax, bag of color, bag of scent, wicks, thermometer, votives, instructions
It holds four pounds of wax. Just a guess, in terms of height, its about 12 inches tall and 6 inches in diameter.
Just regular, in a bunch of little pieces, I didn't even get that far because the packaging was damanged.
Mine came with a color block that was scented but not labeled. It smells very nice though. A light airy flower I would say.
i havent used it with an induction over but i wouldnt use one with it.
i personally have melted 2 lbs of wax in it at once i believe it would hold around 5-6 lbs
I just bought one from Hobby Lobby, same one, 1.00 cheaper (and I had a 40% off coupon!). I just measured it when I saw your question and I came out with 19'' long, 12'' wide and 1.5'' thick. Hope this helps! :)
a tealight candle weighs about .5-.6 oz. So 15-17 tealights per pound makes 150-170 tea lights with 10 lbs of wax.
Yes, you can. Approximately 10-15.
All I know is that it did what I needed it to...which was make my firestarters much more flammable
Yes. 100% fully refined. Excellent quality.
I have not made soy candles before so i wouldn't know. But I don't see why you wouldn't.
It is a good solid wax which I used to make household and dipped candles.
I mixed it with Bee's wax to use in potting guitar pickups. The Bee's wax has definitely got a lower melting point, but in order to get it all melted I believe it was at around 200f and took quite a while for to amount I was using to completely melt. Note, I didn't break it up into really small peices though, which would have sped things up.
No it sure doesn't. It comes in a bag....mine didn't come with a label out anything.
No, it is just a block of wax.
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
Good morning, Debra, The palette measures approximately 8.9" x 5.1" x 1" (22.6 x 13 x 2.5 cm). If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Sincerely Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All artists
Good morning, Most of our orders will arrive within 5 working days. I'm afraid that Amazon tends to be very conservative when estimating delivery dates, which may be the cause of your concern. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Sincerely, Tarot Barnes
I don't know , I still using my first set and haven't order anything additional...
Good morning, We ship all of our goods from the UK. Our usual delivery time to the United States is 5 working days. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Sincerely, Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All Artists
Good afternoon, Ludmila, The included colours are as follows: -Cadmium Lemon 203 -Cadmium Yellow Medium 201 -Yellow Ochre 213 -Golden 216 -Orange Lake 320 -Cadmium Red Light 302 -Red Ochre 309 -English Red 321 -Carmine 319 -Madder Lake Red Light 313 -Violet 607 -Ultramarine 511 -Blue 513 -Cobalt Blue 508 -Indigo 516 -Yellow-green 718 -Emerald Green 713 -Green 725 -Raw Sienna 405 -Umber 418 -Burnt Umber 408 -Mars Brown 412 -Sepia 413 -Natural Black 805 If you have any other questions please don't hesitate to ask. Sincerely, Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All Artists
Hello, Yes, these are professional grade artist quality paints. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Sincerely Tarot Barnes Product Data Controller The Society for All Artists
Hi from New Zealand and the question should really be , not what can I do with them but do I really need them for the type of Dremel work I am already doing. I'm a typical Gemini and have loads of fun trying many many craft styles. Best use for these is for glass and bone carving/polishing etc. They would probably be useful for smoothing out any chips in your bakelite projects. I recently drilled some 5mm diam holes in laminated glass and with the odd squirt of water to cool burr and flush away the ground glass they did a mighty good job with little sign of wear even after some 20 holes. My main use is for detailing seaglass trinkets. Good luck in retirement. Barry p.s. I'm not an expert!!!
Yes! I use it on wood & glass in my Dremel. Its great.
I've not used any of mine on crystal but on stone and some glass. Very pleased so far and I think they will do what you want.
I use them for glazed porcelain and stoneware. They work well for smaller areas up to an inch +/-. I always use them dry and wear a mask to avoid inhalation of the dust. These are a good value, but I have found a couple of them have a shaft that is not perfectly straight-mounted and then the wobble is unacceptable.
Just had a wee play on a couple of beach pebbles which were pretty hard and not a problem. Keep speed down a little and keep dipping rock into water to keep tool cool as I believe over heating burrs can lead to loss of bond between diamond and burr. Rips into glass and shell with no problem. Note I used the larger diameter burr that was already in tool. Good luck from New Zealand
It will BUT the burrs (diamond) will not last very long --- titanium is very tuff.
close but they are actually 1/2 inch so no 7/16......how accurate does your circle have to be? You will need a very tight drill press and vice to carry out the work. Good luck!
I make hold in battle glass do very good job .I no used in ceramic. yet.. .only in glass. Very good. But you had to take time. No Roch.
Yes they would. I use my set to grind off the nubs from potty glaze. This is an awesome nub set.
If the tool has an 1/8th inch chuck, it should work just fine.
It's actually completely clear. I think Sparkle is the brand name.
Hello, yes it's for sure clear. I think the Sparkle is a brand name or something.
This should be perfect for you. I just checked and it has a crisp, crinkly noise when you take a bunch into your hand. It's pretty sturdy, thicker than any cellophane I've purchased before. It would be perfect inside texture blankets for babies.
No
I would say yes if your ball is larger than a softball but no if it's not. The cellophane is not very thick.
This is very sturdy. We used it at church to wrap cookie baskets for police and firemen.
It's cellophane. I'm using it to make gift baskets. It's better then the small basket bags. I'm not sure if it's compostable. I doubt it tho
Not sure, as I have no experience with shrink wrap. We used it for themed gift baskets, for the raffle at my church.
It depends on what you consider regular, but I can tell you that I wrapped about 13 4-6 jar baskets, and 4 really large baskets last Christmas, I just wrapped a huge basket for my cousin's wedding, and I probably have enough to wrap a small 2 jar basket. I should also add that I was not thrifty what so ever when wrapping. I am sure that I would have gotten even more out of the roll if I was.
No. Only clear currently.
It's exactly the same except this was almost $100!!!!
This software is really old.....it is before they had the Cricut Craft Room...they no longer update the Design Studio with newer designs. I do not know if it would work on Cricut Explore, however, the cricut site for the Explore does support cutting, designing etc. is a lot newer and can do more stuff than the Design Studio did. Now, there is also some software out there you may want to check into--Sure Cuts A Lot by Craft Edge. They have developed some new software that is compatible with the Cricut Explore. I do not know anymore about it other than that---check out their website and you can email them with questions as to what all it can do for you! Hope this answers your questions and adds some additional info for you!
No. You can modify Cricut's designs to a certain extent, but if you want to do your own designing, you should get a Silhouette Cameo machine, which comes with an amazingly powerful design software, plus the ability to purchase -- one at a time, if you like, instead of a whole cartridge -- beautiful, complex, sophisticated designs to cut as well. Once you get the hang of importing your own designs into the Silhouette, it's easy and great fun. You can download the software for free and check it out. The Cricut DesignStudio has been made obsolete by Cricut's online Cricut CraftRoom program, which is kind of a cross between an online, cloud-based cartridge collection, a Gypsy, and this DesignStudio, and it's free. Download it from the Cricut site and enjoy playing around with every design they have ever made, though you have to own and register the cartridge, or purchase the online-only designs, in order to be able to actually cut them. To actually use the program to cut with, you will have to attach your Cricut to your computer and put it through the "update" process, always a nail-biter, but my Cricut was purchased used and is probably five years old, and it updated with no problem. If you have a Gypsy you KNOW what a massive improvement this Craft Room program represents. I am not sure this DesignStudio program is being supported anymore.
Yes.
Roll over image to zoom in Cricut DesignStudio Software with Bonus Pack by Cricut 108 customer reviews | 9 answered questions Price: $89.99 & FREE Shipping. Details Only 1 left in stock. Sold by Tikes Toy Shop and Fulfilled by Amazon. Gift-wrap available. Want it Friday, July 18? Order within 4 hrs 14 mins and choose Two-Day Shipping at checkout. Details hi this is what is on the box read it ... go to the www.cricut.com see if Cricut-craft room is compatible with a mac there. I have all windows programs but its free and is easy to use loaded with lesson videos. you can save all the cartridges you have so you can use them any time and save your work . you need a names and password and it up dates its self . I did buy that program a few years ago but now don't use it . I am a close to my heart consultant also so I use my Cricut expressions allot. *Die-cutting software offers a user-friendly way to expand Cricut possibilities *Compatible with Windows XP SP2 or Windows Vista 32-bit *Includes software, USB cord, Cricut mouse pad, and user manual *Image library frequently updated with new cartridges *Measures approximately 8-1/3 by 9-1/3 by 1-2/3 inches
If it's the disk/cd... No & return it! It's useless and doesn't do any more than CricutCraftroom.com does for free!!!!
why don't you go to the cricut.com site and download the free cricut craft room there you can add your cartridges to the program save every thing and its free and always updates it self i have over 20 cartridges and it saves everything go check it out its a no brainer to use lessons are free. i have a expression . and e and saves you time and no need to room is more up to datjuke box that holds the design cartridges. i do have studio software but i don't use it any longer as i bought it a few years a go. the cricut craft room is way much better no need to buy any more programs. just my 2 cents worth save money lol.
Just use their Cricut Craft Room..it is free, they have it updated to 8.1---I have 8.1 and the Craft room wasn't reading the cartridge..had to call support and updated it and worked great afterwards ( I had had Craft room for like 9 months before getting 8.1). I told the support person, would've been nice if they had sent out an email advising of an update, as it had worked ok before the update. They also now offer 9.99/month and free use of unlimited digital designs...this is good if you don't have many cartridges. Design Studio they no longer update with the latest cartridges and do not know if it runs on 8 either. Craft Room can be found on their website, though you will have to look for it as they are showing the new one for the Explorer. It is easy to download and works well. Be forewarned, the 1st time you cut with it, you will see that a pop up asks if you want to LINK your cartridge---now I had a support person tell me to link my cartridge (was on the phone with her)..and I did--there is a disclaimer you have to ok. Later I found out that the cartridge will ALWAYS be linked (linking means you no longer have to pop in the cartridge each time you want to cut). The Downside---you cannot unlink. Your cartridge is forever linked. So, if you sell a cartridge to someone and it is linked--you should let them know it is already linked and they will be unable to link it. Cricut doesn't tell you this in the Disclaimer, nor volunteer it, which I think is deceptive. I would not have linked had I known this. Luckily I found this out before linking many cartridges. Hope the info helps you.
No it is outdated and discontinued.
Hi Carla This is no but if you go to Cricut site and buy their cord you can down load their site. I hope this helps.
According to my bathroom scale, it weighs about 10 pounds.
Not at all. This is a wonderful beginner machine and although I've been sewing for years and ours belongs to my 10-year-old I still steal it frequently since it's very lightweight and easy to use. If you like the color I don't think you can go wrong with this fun little machine. It's an excellent way to begin sewing.
No, however in the "up" position the presser foot doesn't raise up as high as normal machine so little fingers can't fit under the foot.
You can certainly piece things with it, it's a great little machine. You could also "stitch in the ditch". However, you cannot lower the feed dogs and therefore cannot free motion quilt.
It takes a 'normal' sewing needle. I use Schmetz brand #11s for general purpose. There are many reasons for needles breaking. Wrong needle for material or maybe the needle was too tight or too loose. I break needles in my embroidery machine almost weekly!
Yes all I use is regular spools on this machine.
No, you can't. It is actually like part of the body. Also, it says, hello pretty like hello kitty on the front as well. :/ it is a great machine. My daughter (10) is not a hello kitty fan either but, LOVES her sewing machine anyways. :) I hope this helps!
Sounds like your spool of thread is on backwards or is not threaded properly.
Super gift.She will LOVE it. It comes with needle and bobbin already. Just buy her thread and fabric and she can sit and sew the moment she opens. My sister-in-law who's 39 bought this sewing machine for my niece. She has since ditched her own Singer and uses her daughters. Quiet.User friendly.Simple to thread. Simple manual to follow.Seriously, you will love it! Happy Shopping! I don't know your daughter, but i am so excited for her!!
Plastic, but heavy duty like most better machines.
It doesn't appear so. It just looks to be a polished surface. There may very well be lead inside, but I am not sure about it.
Yes and they are gorgeous beads although not very true to the ones in the picture. The first time I ordered them, the colors were more true to the pic
I got 23-16mm and one 12mm.
I opened it so long ago I'm not really sure. I think it was about 20, but don't quote me on it. They've been opened and used and gone for awhile now.
I'm not sure what gauge, but they fit a standard wire pin for a drop earring if that helps.
It's tan in color and you can probably just bind an 8 x 10 rug. It irons on so if you are careful you can do it.
It is for iron on but I was able to sew it with no problem.
I believe it was 3 yards and it's off white/beige. Yes, you use it for carpet or for latch hook or hooked rugs. I've never seen in any other color. You should be able to increase the size of the photo for details or perhaps you need to look at a different vendor.
The cover of my 12 x 12 binder measures 13" height, 15" wide by 3". Hope this helps.
The album can hold 30-45 pages (or more) of sleeve/page protectors &lt;-- it really all depends on the thickness of what you put in the page protectors. There may be be "Maximum" number recommended for this album, if so, I don't know it. I use these albums for scrap-booking with each page protector holding 2 pieces of heavy weight card-stock, which may have 3-dimensional embellishments on them, therefore I tend to use 30+ pages/album, rarely 45pages/album. I hope this helps give you a basis for your calculations.
Yes&#128521;
The included page protectors are for pages of 12x12" and no, not magnetic
There's no difference in quality -- the prices just seem to fluctuate for no reason. $17.99 is a great deal for the black, though -- thanks for the head's up! I just ordered three of them!
I believe it is just a classic leather look. I believe all of their albums are truly faux leather. For confirmation you will have to contact the company. I have many of these albums in navy and black. The navy ones are a bit softer but they are not real leather.
I've told you before, it was way to large and I gave it away and bought something smaller locally.
Not sure what the Design A is....but the variety of 12x12 Project Life protector pages fit in all of my 12x12 WeR Scrapbooks.
Sorry, I don't remember exactly, but keep in mind that the protectors are for only ONE large photo 8 X 10 or so, not individual 4 X 6 photos.
The photos slip in from the top of each slot.
Parrafin wax works best for dipping flowers. They have a whole line of scented as well. Not sure about soy.
No it is not. A high percentage of soy wax in the U.S can not be non- GMO. Because of the chemical change it has to make to become a solid again after melting.
Yes. This was unscented.
I would estimate it at one large or two medium. I made tarts with 1lb. It made 12 tarts. Each around 2-3 ounces.
I've only used it for candles. Since it is hard at room temperature, you couldn't use it in lotions or liquids. Maybe balms or lip balms. Google it.
Yes
Yes. There are several recipes you can try. I would Google Vegan lip balm. And be sure to follow it carefully. Good luck!!!
This soy wax does not have a scent. I have added scents to it and, as a novice candle maker, I think it worked really well.
It comes in small thin chips. Easy to melt.
Yes, I would think so, just like candle wax really. Fill the mold, cool to harden, then dip mold quickly into very hot water and turn over to remoe from the mold. Let me know how this works!
Hi there, interesting question!!! Short answer: I don't think there is any difference but release date. Surprise: Supracolor II was released first 20 months before Supracolor. they both have the same "Item model number" ... I think that there is no difference. Not noticeable at least... Witch also means that "I don't know" BUT I think that if there was difference the factory would of released the new Supracolor proudly with listing those. (I know it's not an actually answer but could help to decide... :)
Absolutely. It's the nicest watercolor I've ever used. It can be used brush to pencil tip for traditional watercolor and it can be "drawn" on the paper and then a brush go over it for the watercolor pencil effect. I love these. I won't use anything else.
mine were made in Switzerland.
It's in the photograph!
Pablo offers dry and permanent lead, they are water resistant and have cedar casing. Supracolor have soft watersoluble leads, can be used wet or dry, and have cedar casing also. Both are top of the line; Caran d'Ache is the Rolls Royce of color pencils.
I don't know if there is much of a difference between them, they are both supposed to be capable of the same thing. I have always used the supracolor II since it is what I am familiar with. I wonder if the others are a bit softer? That would be my guess.
The bottom is solid with sections to match the top grid.
No
It comes apart...the top comes off the legs and the legs come off the bottom, so it will fit.
IF they are as thin as a pencil or the average Bic pen, yes. If they are thicker than the typical Sharpie marker, then no. Sorry.
It should--it's a very convenient and compact pen/pencil holder.
what are ad markers? if they are small yes- large no
Yes. I have both Tombow and Tim Holtz Distress Markers. As a tip for you. Markers keep both ends of the pen full of ink if you store them on their sides. I have used double backed tape adhered to a narrow piece of cardboard to the bottom front of the pen holder after laying it on it's side. This gives it a slight lean towards the back. This keeps the pens in place. I have 9 of these and I have stacked them 3 high and 3 wide using double backed tape to hold them together. Works great for me. You may come up with a more clever idea. Just remember that the pens work best when stored on their side.
5-3/4" x 5-3/4" x 3-1/2" tall
It is 3 1/2 inches tall. It is very strong and the dark grey "hides" itself and you only see what is in the holder, not the holder.
I don't know. I see no markings on the stand pieces.
Fish net measures stretch mesh. This net 20 x 8 is 2 inch stretch from knot to knot on a diamond.That means when you open the hole it is one inch. A golf ball will not fit thru the hole. Hope this helps.
I don't remember exactly the measurements, but I also use it for the same thing and works for my little dog.
We actually use it as a back stop for our basketball goal. I believe it would be strong enough for a lacrosse back stop. Good luck!
You can not hang the rods on the netting. The netting will break with any weight on it.... But you can drape the netting over the rods....and tie it down with small zip-ties. But do not hang anything from the netting. It is not a real fishing net, if it is, the fish could easily break free of it.
The net does not stretch at all. Netting is designed to hold fast. I do not know if you can dye the net, but it doesn't seem likely since it is designed to resist breakdown in the water.
Well, It certainly fixed some scratches from our dogs. I found that if you follow the directions carefully it should work fine. Good luck
It's not strong , it's bearable ...
I'm not sure but the kit comes with the ability to patch the leather so I assume if you patch it and then color it you might be good to go. There are quite a few colors that come with the kit and you can also mix colors to get what you want. If it's an expensive purse and you don't want to buy a new one, I guess it's worth a try.
If you are trying to restore a large section of leather, I don't think I would use this product to do it. I used it to fill a small tear in the leather in me car. It worked very well for that job. Keep in mind that this item comes as a filling compound that one has to tint with the provided colors. It's not a leather coloring/dying product. It's a repair product for tears, burns, and such.
No heat needed
I kept it on the thick side and it worked well. I don't have an exact amount, sorry
If the area is small and you can get the color to match exactly, it should work. I was successful using the black on small scuff marks on two pair of shoes. On other colors, if you can't get it to match exactly it will show as a stain. If the area is large, you won't have enough.
Yes Black is in the kit
I did try it for just that reason and found success as long as I went right behind with a soft cloth a blended. Small pinpoint areas are fine but broad strokes look like bad coloring.
I touched up 2 chairs. One area was 12" x 24" and about the same on the 2nd chair. However, I have already purchased 6 of the packages to do that. Actually, I've also touched up that same area again.
I have not used it with acrylic myself. From what I've read about the product, it is supposed to be ok to use with acrylic paint. I'd be interested to hear whether this is correct as well.
I have not tried glass etching with this but, the chemical etchant will not attack this product. As long as the mask has dried very, very well. Try it on a test piece first.
That's easy! Just apply some rubber cement on a flat surface, when dry roll it into a ball, use this ball as an eraser and you will see all the rubber cement grabbing on to the ball. use this same technique to remove liquid mask from brushes.
I was told to have warm water with soap ready while using masking fluid, but I suppose it depends on type of brush and materials your using... also not suggested using your good brushes, it's best to use a cheaper replaceable brush.
I usually use a thicker application since it provides more coverage for my use. The removal is no more difficult when using a thicker coat. This is not on paper though. I paint on canvas or wood.
I am just a beginning watercolorist. I can tell you that it does have a smell, but that I got used to it quickly. I have no idea what might be a substitute. The stuff acts like rubber cement when dry, which smells much worse, in my opinion than the frisked. Wish I could tell you more.
They actually dont recommend using an eraser, but peeling it off by grabbing it with tweezers instead. You would need to buy the eraser if you want one.
No, I haven't! I use a small square nubby "eraser" that is designed to pick up glue. I bought it from a scrapbook supplier. It's not a pencil eraser, not latex even. I have used my fingers but am careful to only touch my art with clean hands.
Yes. To both. But I'm throwing mine away it turns the paper yellow
I haven't tried that, but what I believe you'd do is first write the text with an erasable material, then mask it with the Grafix using the nib or purchase the additional masking instrument called a masking pen to write over it with, then when dry, apply the paint. Hope this helps.
About 1/8" is right. They aren't paper thin and floppy, if that's your concern.
They come in 1, 2 and 3 inch sizes. I.e., the sides of each hexagon are one inch, two and three inches long.
yes
They are separate pieces but fit exactly concentric to one another. They dont snap so if they were laying on a horizontal surface and you lifted one the others would remain on the table
Are you asking for a discount or whether this would be a good deal? Seems it is already discounted, and is a good deal. However, for a discount you would have to contact the seller.
Yes it is BPA free
Yes
i am using at Star TSP600, if they are similar, then I think it might work
i believe 80, but you might want to call NCR to verify.
All heat terminal that uses this type of receipt paper are "NOT" (Bisphenol A) Free
Yes
Yes, no ribbon needed This is thermal paper
I used to have the Epsom tm-t88iii and it works for that, so it should be fine. Hope that helps.
The sharp instrument (razor, exacto knife, rotary blade) that you use to cut things on this board will naturally cut into the board itself. No plastic is truly self healing..Self-healing materials have a structural ability so that the cutline or the crack that your knife makes in the plastic surface when you cut, basically bounces back into the same position as it was when it was whole. So the cuts on the mat do not affect it's ability help you cut a straight line every time.
It is somewhat pliable. The knife goes in it but it heals up. I haven't had any problems with it.
When first opened it has a plastic smell, but it has since faded away for me. (I've owned this product for 3 months now)
No...
i don't think so, there is a core inside, I use mine to cut decals with an X-acto straight blade and also difficult parts in my model building (separating them from the sprue neatly) etc. Unless you don't know your own strength, I would think not. If you don't hit the back of your sharp blade with a hammer, I think it would be very unlikely, unless you're secretly 'The HULK'. Matt is about 1/8th thick.
I guess you could use it for food, but I wouldn't. It's a cutting mat for materials and while it is self-healing, I wouldn't count on it for keeping out bacteria.
No, my husband uses pieces of scrap cardboard for airbrushing models.
unfortunately we do not have that in stock
Storing flat will save you the most space. If you were to roll it, it would crack. It's very sturdy.
i don't know if it is food safe if that is what you are asking. it is certainly tough and holds up to an exacto blade.
Poly clay and air dry are like apples and oranges. Like acrylic paint and oil. Air dry is easy to work with, and doesn't require special tools. I love it, it is more fragile then poly, but a fun medium.
Depends.On What You Make With It And.How Big...Big Projects Takes At Least 24 Hours Small.About 30 Mins To An.hour
As long as it doesnt get wet or smashed very hard. It wont be as durable as the clay. Not as hard of a material. What you finish it with would help the durability.
No, not at all, it is more like poly clay. Being made of paper you would think it would be, it is easy to use and air dries. I love it.
I just read the other answers in this page. I find this paperclay to be very pliable compared to most others,DAS was much stiffer and smelled of gasoline, this has little to no odor and is extremely workable. I believe the under 3 warning is for in case they eat it and since its fibrous paper and clay the would have to label it as such.
It does shrink a bit, not so much that it will ruin your project. I have found it prudent to always do a test. I happen to really like this paperclay.
Yes
It really depends. There are instructions on the package for .. leaving it to dry for x-amount of time depending on how thick the clay is. Otherwise you can definitely speed it up by baking it in the oven under 220 degrees.
Dear Jenrie, I don't do wheel work, just sculpture. However, I've worked with water-based clay a lot in the past and with this paper clay the adhesion to itself is different. I'd experiment with one package, a small project, and be prepared to keep it moist with a water sprayer because it dries very fast.
I'm not sure. They are 2 cometely different textures but in theory it could work. The paper clay is more arid n porous n fibery. Try a sample n see what you get. I don't know for sure
The PE700II has computer connectivity which is probably the main reason for the price difference. You can purchase embroidery design CDs to use with the PE700II which gives you unlimited embroidery potential (be sure to buy designs in the PES format). The 700II is larger (17 x 12 x 8 compared to 13.63 x 10.7 x 10.8) but weighs 12 pounds less than the 700. You won't be sorry you spent the extra $$$.
Honestly I am really new at embroidery. However they both have the same features such as built in fonts and such. The difference I 've noticed was the 700ii doesn't have a usb port you have to hook it to a computer. I am really happy with this machine tho. I wish I could be more help but facebook had a lot of groups you can join and are very helpful!
Yes, if they are not too long for the space allowed. You will also need to use something like a "Deely-bob" inside the cone to stabilize it and the round white disc stabilizers (that came with the machine) on the outside end of the cone where the thread enters the thread guides - and make sure the disc is a lot wider than the narrow end of the cone or the thread will get caught between the cone and the disc . You can purchase the Deely-bob online from Nancy's Notions or Keepsake Quilting.
Yes. You can rotate either direction 90 degrees.
I have the answer now. I purchased the machine. There is a USB port and cable, to connect from computer to embroidery machine. No special software is needed; just be sure to download images in PES format. Easy and fun!
Go to the alphabet section; the first two screens are alphabet, the third screen is numbers, the fourth screen is symbols and you will find the underscore mark in the top row of that screen. Enjoy your machine! They do everything but sing and dance!
Yes
yes
I use it for applique and use the same tread I do on any other project. However I buy my design's online and follow along with my computer. The machine will stop as you go so you can add the fabric and such.
You need to purchase a machine embroidery needle. The size you purchase depends on the thickness/heaviness of the cloth you are embroidering. An 80/12 should work for fabric that is similar to quilting cotton. A 90/14 would be good for a heavier fabric like denim. You don't need to purchase a specific brand - just make sure it says embroidery somewhere on the package.
Yes, these work fine in the Cuttlebug.
measures 6.5 x 33 cm.
Yes
Yes, I've been using them with my Big Shot.
The pads are 2 9/16th inches wide. They work very well for decorative strip dies.
What you have pictured is much narrower than the extended cutting pads. The narrow one is about 4 inches wide and about 18 inches long, whereas the extended cutting pads are about 7 inches wide and 18 inches long. The narrower one is intended for some of the dies that around the same size as the pad. However, you really don't need the the narrow one if you have the extended pad since all the dies you own will fit on the wider extended cutting pads.
The pages have multiple holes, and can adjust to several styles of albums. I believe I used mine in a post bound, but you will need the albums post extenders so that you won't have to struggle to jam the new pages in when screwing the end cap back on
Yeah it does..my album only has 2 wholes too and they fit perfectly
10 sheets per pkg
Yes, it is. I don't use paste. I find that mini glue dots work much better and are not messy.
In checking with my wife she says as far as she knows this is 16664. Hope that helps
1/16th of an inch at most, just a shade thinner. Thin enough to punch sturdy holes in it for the cover of a book, yet thick enough to enable a book to stand up straight when finished.
About the same as if you put together 2 backs from a good writing tablet. Very nice weight. That's the only thing I can think to compare it to. Hope it helps.
Chipboard can bought as "die cut" shapes or giant letters, made into mini albums for scrapbooking, mixed media, journal covers, or making boxes. I use them for wordbooks which are albums where each page is shaped like a letter or a shape. This chipboard is too thick for die cut machines. Can be hand cut with straight edge by scoring first with an Exacto knife then cut along outline as many times as needed to cut through.
You can cut it with Sizzix Bigz dies though, which I love to do:)
I use the "We Are Memory Keepers" Crop-A-Dial tool. There are several to choose from, they make different size holes, they also set the grommet into the hole if you want to use one.
Yes you do. Is very frendly.
I made volumes and volumes of bound books with photos, and used an Olfa rotary cutter with a straight edge. It cut easily and left a clean edge.
Yes and no, not if you want a really straight line. I recommend a utility blade.
No
I have never tried embossing but I wouldn't think so. It dry's fairly quickly so I don't think there is enough time to apply the embossing powder.
The ink pad itself measures about 3" x 1-3/4", but it is a raised pad.
Yes
No its permanent
I would imagine so - but getting it off would be a real problem. This stuff is really hard to get off skin, clothes, etc.
I used it on glossy paper and it was fine. Just make sure you let it dry!
I use this ink pad to stamp the bottom of wooden boxes I turn on the lathe. I use rubber stamp pads and after stamping stained wood I can apply polyurethane within an hour. I also stamp bare wood and then buff it down with a 3 pad buffing and wax system. The ink is permanent and unless I fall asleep at the buffer it will still show clearly. I'm not sure if this answer helps you but if your tiles are made of wood this ink pad will work. Not sure if it will stick on porcelain or ceramic. The ink is already in the pad and should last at least a year before you would need to apply more. I can say this is very good indelible ink.
I am pretty sure it will remain waterproof, even on napkins. I know I use solvent to clean my stamps after use. The best thing to do would be try it before your occasion and make sure it won't smear.
I have stamped sucessfully on glossy plastic. I don't know how well it would stand up to cleaning products or daily wear, though. I think it would work for you, but I would recommend applying a clear sealer over top. Good luck!
I have stamped on ribbon and it has done fine
No, it's small. I wanted a large punch and was surprised by the size. I didn't return it, but I haven't used it yet either.
Slide the paper into the slot and push down like a hole punch. I got the wrong size when I ordered...thought it would be larger...too small for my use.
It is pretty small. I don't remember exactly, but around a half inch
These page protectors fit my creative memories 12 x 12 album. they do fit tight, so you have to work a little to get them on. However I am very happy with mine...and I do at least 100 pages a year.
I have found that if they are not the "old" style they will say True 12x12 on them. I have used the True 12x12 protectors on my "old" CM pages. I just trim 1/2 inch off of them. It is very easy and not noticeable.
No these are the older style that are about 11.5 x 12
These are page protectors for 12x12 pages that slip over Westrim's pages which do have stainless steel staples that hold pages to the straps. These are not for top loader albums. Hope that helps!
Totally great for embossing powders. It's about getting the angle right so you don't blow it all away before it melts and making sure it's warmed up. I would imagine it would melt a cray, just might take longer. FYI don't use on paper glued together. Seperates them.
It is made in Taiwan.
It's hot enough to fry the electronics on a phone (not a mistake I made), so my guess is yes... but I cannot confirm that. For the price, it's worth a shot! :)
It should; it has 320W on the heat gun.
I misplaced the item, it was so long ago. But I can tell you it was too hot to use for shrink wrap. And the tool didn't allow for lower heat levels to compensate for all the little holes it was creating. Seemed powerful for high heat requirement project though.
Hi Lara, if the project requires a heat gun, I would not recommend using a blow dryer. I asked this question myself and found out the hair dryer does not get anywhere near as hot as a heat gun does. So if you used a hair dryer on your "heat gun required" project, you would not get the results you're supposed to / want to get.
It gets hot enough where if I am drying something small and my hands are near the tip (heating area-coils) it's burning hot! But it's not dangerously hot as long as you use it correctly. I love mine! And bought 12 more for my students!
I have no idea. You should email the company
As the product title says it's by the yard. 1 quantity = 1 yd, 2 quantity = 2 yd, etc. But if you buy $35+ worth of product(s) from the seller Fabric.com then the shipping is free.
No, this fabric doesn't stretch.
Unfortunately, a swatch is not available.
They are black and white labels.
I do but not sure I have any 8x81/2 size, I will look and let you know this eve after work.
The refill pages that I got from Westrim Crafts fit into my 12 x 12 " strap hinge alvums. Outside dimension is 12 by 12. That includes the metal vertical edges. A 12 x 12 scrapbook paper has to be trimmed because of these edges just like the ones from Creative Memories that I use, and these fit into my Creative Memory albums.
If no longer have them listed then I sold out. Thank you for looking though!
You have to trim!!
Yes they do.
Yes they do. I find the staples are a bit roomier, but otherwise it's the same
No
Only if you buy from Amazon.
I'm sorry, there is nothing on the packaging stating if it is 'acid free'. I checked closely and could not find it stated anywhere. I hope this helps.
It would help but card stock would be stiffer and less apt to bend than even construction paper. I have used construction paper in a plastic sleeve as a background with other paper glued onto it and it worked fine.
No it is not crept paper. Crept paper has creases in it and is much thicker. I hope that helps help.
all construction paper, I bought a case of these for my friend that's a teacher, she loved it!!
Are you asking about the thickness of the paper or weight of the package? The whole ream is likely less than 5 pounds. The weight is average thickness for construction paper, not card stock thick, but not flimsy either. Sorry not to be able to provide a clearer answer at this time.
Separated. Like in the picture.
Yes but elmated over the construction paper &#128516;
Assortment contains Scarlet, Black, Yellow-Orange, Brown, Pink, Violet, Blue, Sky Blue, Holiday Green, White and Yellow Assortment includes 11 colors
The jars of each component look like they contain about 3/4 cup.
Yes, the great thing about this is you have approximately three hours of sculpting time, towards the end smoothing or texturing is the only thing you can do without damaging your sculpt. You can also wet your fingers or tools and get a smooth slick surface if you want it. It takes textures wonderfully too. Let it dry a full 24 hours before using, it really needs the full time.
When I use this on models I have used Reaper acrylics and Freak Flex acrylics. When I finish the model I always use a clear coat spray, either flat or gloss, depending on the model. I always have to use more than one coat of Freak Flex paint, they are pretty thin. So far I haven't had any chipping on them. Hope that helps!
Yes Chriti it dries hard enough to be drilled,sanded or painted. You have plenty of time to work with the product before it gets too hard. I would recommend using gloves and water to smooth out the product while forming it. I used it to repair a part of my dash board on my car.
Depending on the size. The compound is pretty soft when first mixed and a thin sheet would probably sag with chicken wire. Probably using an armature of foil would work. If this is larger, maybe use a foam armature partially sculpted to the shape. It really can't hold its shape if the form is too thin, will sag, droop or bend without support. Once it begins to cure, you are good to go. Once you give it a try, you will see the possibilities. t
It is extremely hard but not unbreakable like any other clay product.
I haven't tried but I bet you can. Not sure about pencil but if its just guide lines to paint/draw over I think it would work but I bet it would rub right off it you try. As far as pens I think you would need something like a sharpie because once the clay is dry its kind of like hard plastic and the ones that aren't indelible may rub off. I have tried non permanent ink pads and they rub right off leaving just a hint of color and I'm sure if I wash it all of it will come off. You will need to seal it with something. I use Apoxie Sculpt in my jewelry making for beads and the like and adhering pieces together. I paint it with inexpensive craft store acrylic paint then seal it with Delta Creamcoat Varnish found in the same aisle as the craft paints. I use 2 - 3 coats. I'm sure any varnish will work. I love this stuff!
You have to sculpt whatever you want to sculpt on the figure first and let it dry. Then it can be painted. If you let it dry before attaching . it will be useless and wont stick.
It's an off white, and hardens to a plastic like material. I don't know how well it will stick to glazed ceramic, but you'd have to paint over it. I think some hardware stores like Home Depot might carry something used to fix ceramic flower pots, you might want to look into that.
As in customizing? Yes
Oh yes, it comes with white sheets, although I would recommend to get scarp booking pages, only Bcoz the paper isn't that thick, but is a very versatile scrapbook.
Not sure what is meant by the questions. Wouldn't think you'd want to use the pages without the protectors though since they are for the pages' and photos'/memorabilia's protection. The book is set up so you can place extra pages (that come in page protectors) in there if you run out of pages. Therefore, by extension, the pages (with the page protectors) are removable as well. The paper pages do not have holes for the where the binder has screws/posts. The page protectors do. You can remove the pages from the page protectors in order to place what you like on there, but the book will not hold the pages themselves unless you make holes in the paper.
Post bound, they are expandable posts.
10 as listed in the details section.
Sure....there's plenty of room.
Use a screw driver, it should be fairly easy
The writing comes stitched on, you can't change it, but it's a lovely book, I have 2
No, each page protector has a white page inside of it that you take out, decorate, and then place back inside the protector. It is easy to add extra pages that you can also purchase from amazon. It is an easy album to use. I love it.
Yes. There is an inner slot for it where you can put a 4x6 photo of your own choosing.
Its expandable for sure. Not sure about the 45 pages. I have mine pacler away at the moment but I am fairly sure you can get a good amount of expansion in there!
If you order more than 1 yard of fabric they will usually send it in a continuous piece of fabric. I do believe you can measure and cut your fabric yourself though.
Yes .
I used it for a presentation pallet for jewelry but it is opaque. I think it will help darken the from. I don't know that I would use black though. Why not try a deep dark brown canvas ? I think velvet would be odd for a shad lining.
This fabric is a little stiff. The stretch velvet would work a little better for the curtains.
It is solid black. Just not a great picture. This is upholstery grade so it is not thick and plush. It is much shorter fibers so it appears more coarse than real velvet. Great product for the price but wouldn't be great for all projects.
Yes. It would work perfect. Beware...price is low, but shipping is expensive bc it's coming from some Asian place.
Compare with other seller. Ist more cheep
yes i've sewn denim with this serger before..it was a medium weight denim..this serger is the bomb...my favorite serger ever!
Yes mine is quiet though I don't have a brother to compare it to. I had a singer and the Juki isuch quieter
Yes
China
No cd ,but has an owners manual.
Yes it can attach elastic to non-stretch and to stretch material, the way to do it is for the elastic to be just a little off with the fabric, so fabric is about 1cm longer than elastic, when serger attaches the two it will cut part of the fabric without cutting the elastic and not only part of the stitch will be on the elastic.
Hello. It is not really a free arm but you could defenetly open the side door to do tight works
Get the juki pearl line better or janome 634D. Let me know wa=hat you want. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
J. Mugg, This is a 3/4 thread serger. You can sew with one needle or two needles. Though it does not technically sew a straight stitch, this being a 3/4 should do what you need it to do. Thank you,
No, You need a 5 thread serger to do that.
My daughter enjoyed this at her 9th bday party with friends, but as long as you are there to help out, kids 2 and up would likely find it fascinating.
Yes, they are small.
They didn't say where to get more in the package info, so I buy a tablet of inexpensive water color paper (at Michaels with a 40% off coupon,) and it comes up for less than $5. Then I cut them to size. Not too much of a bother, and it DOES work! Have fun!
Hello, The refills can be found in toy store retailers and online. Theyre the Fantastick Spinner Refills 161R Here is an amazon link of this product: http://www.amazon.com/Alex-Toys-Fantastic-Spinner-1-0-Ounce/dp/B00141FD0Q/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games&ie=UTF8&qid=1418069818&sr=1-1&keywords=Fantastic+Spinner+Refill+161r
My 3 and 5 year olds love it. Recommend you buy extra paint as well
No it does not require batteries. You use your hand to get it spinning.
just washable kid watercolors
On the box it says 6+ but my daughter got it for her 4th birthday and loves it. Also great that it doesn't require batteries. Hope that helps. :)
probably 3.5 square.
Pry loose the hour and minute hands, unscrew nut holding mechanism to clock face, install new mechanism, reinstall nut and press hour & minute hands back in place.
Rear mounted knob
I confirm the sizes as shown.
Mine has worked fine up to 110 degrees in garage.
Check whether the motor responds (i.e., is there any movement) when connected directly to an electricity source (with no hands etc. attached to it). If not then return it to the vendor as a faulty item.
quartex # 10046 was an almost exact replacement for my mantle clock. Shaft diameters were slightly smaller that required new hands, otherwise an exact fit.
I did not measure it before I sent it back, or probably pitched it. However, I needed it to be at least 1/2" and it was not. As I look at the description now, it says you can adjust it to up to 2", but I don't remember seeing that at the time.
The clock movement I bought was for a clock with a 6" diameter clock face. Jim
I have a large snuggie that has been holding my engagement ring, wedding band, and two anniversary bands together for months! Together, the entire snuggie is holding at least 3/8" to 1/2" of bands.
I bought them for my rings and there are a variety of sizes. So I'm sure you can.
yes. you can remove it while you are wearing your ring.
You may be able to,but for me they felt uncomfortable and bulky.
I have had mine for about a couple of months and see no wear on them. It seems they last a long time as far as I can tell now. They are not perfect, but a very good way to wear a ring without having to resize. I did get this brand and I got a different brand as well, but I don't remember which is which (sorry about that). However, I use both brands, since one brand worked great with one ring I have and the other brand worked great for another ring I have. I know this isn't much help, but they both have worked on a daily basis for me and neither, as I indicated, have shown any wear (I only wear out my brain by repeating myself... lol.
Yes. t is slit across to fit on ring, so you can twist it to take it off before you remove the ring if desired.
Hi Honeycomb. Yes, you will be able to use this on a 14kt gold pinky ring. The pckage comes with six sizes in it from very small to sizes that you would use on a man's ring. This is a cheap and easy way to keep your ring from sliding around on your finger and even from falling off. They are easy to use and a great alternative to expensive ring sizing. I put mine on as soon as they came in the mail and haven't taken it off since. Speaking of mail, they shipped it the day after I ordered it and I got it the day after that. Hope this helps!
Oooo I doubt it.. I went from a 10 to 8 and it's still a little but loose.
While there are several sizes of Snuggies in this one package, it is difficult to determine whether the largest size will accommodate several intertwined rings such a puzzle ring configurations. Our best guess is most likely not.
It may actually work better on a square ring. I bought them for my mother and she had issues with them on her round ring...they kept twisting
Yeah but their are electric triggers you can put on it to make it full auto
No semi
It is really lightweight for an 18 year old. Maybe 5 or 10 pounds max. The size of the tank is what really adds weight. The larger the tank the more heavy it will be. It shouldn't be too heavy for anyone over 13 years of age.
no. co2 tank for co2 only. hpa tanks are used for compressed (high-pressure) air. dangerous otherwise.
Yes
Take a piece of masking tape and tape around the barrel like an inch down the barrel. Then paint the tip orange. Remove the tape and now you have a bright and neat orange tip on your marker.
It doesn't weigh much. Id say about 5 pounds maybe a bit more with the tank full of air.
The tank comes empty
68 caliber paintballs.
I am not sure what you mean by the elite version. It is a good sturdy set that my grandsons love. It is a good buy especially for the first-time user.
No
I guess I am not sure of the difference between craft wire and parawire. I use this particular craft wire in the beading of decorative silverware. We have a shop called Totally Wired and decorate dishes and silverware. This craft wire (I use the 24 gauge) is flexible and does not tarnish. You can even put it in the dishwasher.
This probably would t be any sturdier. It's very pliable. We made bird nest necklaces at a functions and it worked good for that but we need pliable wire to wind. Hope this helps.
24 gauge is, u believe, 0.5mm thick. Check out this link for more info, including a visual example. http://www.prettycreativeathawthornlane.com/Wire-Gauge-Measurements/I19.htm
this product is designed for use as a mat for cutting paper or plastic with a razor knife. The grid lines do wear off overtime and may transfer to your fondant. Hope this helps
Yes it is. Not that it much matters, but the one I got was green on one side and yellow on the other (not black as mentioned). I really like this mat, I keep it under my couch/behind a cabinet to store it and pull it out when needed. It's a good one.
No.
This mat is not able to use with 36 across and 24 vertical since it is 18 across and 12 down. The quality is great and there is a mat that would suit your needs but it is about $49. It is the same mat, only bigger.
No
Yes you can clean it with soap and water
It is really designed for cutting on. It is not that soft to allow for bumps
I wouldn't try that. It would likely melt.
Don't do it! It's very smooth. They will stick just like on any other surface. Glass or metal. Don't do it!
Yes, both
3 ply construction. Bottom layer is semi soft vinyl. Middle layer is hard vinyl with self healing properties. Top layer is semi-soft vinyl. It is self healing, reversible, and it says on the cover that it is professional quality. You can use either side, one is green the other black and both sides have grid markings. It says it can be used both with rotary cutters or utility knives. Hope this helps. (this info was taken directly from the packaging on the mat.
I have no idea about a dahle, but I am very pleased with the Alvin. I use it on a workbench, and it holds up to cuts and chemicals well.
7/64" (.107")
Yes the mat is smooth. If you run your hand over the surface, you can not feel the inked lines.
Yes, on the green side around the outer boarder it has markings at 1 inch, 1/4 inch and down to 1/8 inch and there are grid lines across the mat every 1/2 inch. In addition there are useful angle lines at 45 degrees and 60 degrees.
Of course, but the question would be for me: Will the fondant get in the cut lines and get moldy and nasty, spoiling the mat? Possibly. I think the mat would wash okay, but I would rather have a large nylon cutting board for fondant that I could put in the dishwasher! You really need it clean for fondant, and I'm not sure the Alvin mat would do well in the dishwasher. See if you can find a nylon cutting board at an off goods store, or maybe even Goodwill. (I had been drooling over a $120 Calphalon wok but just couldn't part with the money. I found one at Goodwill for $10 - it cleaned up and looks like I only used it a week!) Another thought: go to a Home Depot type store and in the lighting section get one of the panels used for fluorescent fixtures. They are 2 feet by 4 feet and can be cut (get advice on how, it's tricky) The backs are smooth, and will work very well for cutting fondant. They are fairly cheap, and if the store has damaged ones they will be really cheap. If you are not too heavy handed your knife won't score the plastic too deep and the panel could last a pretty long time. Hope this helps!
These mats are thick and heavy. I would think it should handle it. You can use xacto blades on them.
The blade marks are not seen on the surface. Mat is like brand-new although it is used many times.
no metric markings
The quickest way is to heat the mat with a hair dryer and place it flat. Weight it evenly with a piece of glass or plywood, place heavy books on top. In a few days it will be flat again. You can also soak it in 200 Degree water or place in the hot sun and follow the weight and lying flat procedure. Hope it works for you!
Yes, we ship globally. Please be advised, international customers are responsible for any applicable customs/duty fees.
you might be able to do it with a hair dryer, applying heat to the crease might flatten it out a bit.
My grid lines are accurate.
i don't think that would be wise, its quite substantial, I would think that it would be best to order a smaller one, if you already have this one just return it and get the size you need.
Other than keeping it on a flat surface, which I do with mine, it should not warp. I have not had that problem.
Yes mine was fine
Yes. Work on either side. One green, one black but both marked with lines and measurements.
Set the mat outside in the sun, it will relax and lay flat.
It is exactly as described - 42"x30".
Pulled out the pattern. #100 Ladies' Victorian Underwear goes to size 40.
This pattern calls for flexible metal stays. As to how much: it will depend on how long the stays need to be depending on the length of the torso. If I remember correctly there are 4-6 bones/stays in the corset.
depending on how tight you lace and if you double spiral bone at 1/4th spacing to give a firmer foundation and the eyelets are of a good strength 2-4 inches 5-10 cm
Dore style recommends 12" for sizes 6-8-10-12; 13" for size 14, 16, 18, 20, 22; and 14" for 24-26. For Silverado, 12" for size 6; 13" for 8-10-12-14; 14" for 16-18-20-22-24-26. MAKE TEST CORSET closest to your size, alter as needed, then choose busk / bone lengths.
Hi Lindsey! The price is by the yard. The colors are not as bright as shown, also, but still pretty. :)
It will all come as one piece of fabric. Hope this helps ; )
Hi! Is gray&yellow and the background beige-y! Hope this helps! Gorge fabric though :D
I believe it is sold in units and one unit is the same as one yard. This is a great place to order from and I got the order quickly. Also great fabric that feels so good and works like a dream.
This is a thin fabric, I don't believe it would hold up well for use as a slip cover.
The piece I bought was 45 inches wide. :)
Yes. It's a nice weight for a tablecloth. Might need ironing after washing.
This is cotton and not rough however I do not know the thread count.
The flowers are good sized, approximately 6-7 inches. I used the fabric to make a pillow and table runner. I would give consideration to a jacket, but not necessarily a blouse, as you would probably want to wear a contrast solid with it. The fabric is beautiful and I would buy it again.
45" wide.
They are 8x8
An inch
They are perfect for acrylic. That's what I use them for.
They are stapled on the back.
Personally I have never used watercolors on them - only acrylics - but I am pretty sure watercolors would work, especially if you put a nice gesso base coat on first or another color. Good luck!!
The canvas is wrapped tightly around the edges and tucked in very neatly. There are no staples on the edges. It is a high quality canvas. I've gotten quite a few and have never been disappointed.
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
Yes
No
The roto-blade comes with the machine.
Cuts Extremely well... I purchased this to cut 14oz velour as well as banjo cloth and it cut it perfectly. I would highly recommend it for large projects, commercial use, or if you just hate sissors.
The blade doesn't touch the mat or table, so any sturdy table will do.
We had a similar problem. There was a slippage inside. I am not sure what was done to it, but it is working now. Ours happen when it was brand new. We thought something got knocked loose during shipping
We cut felts (10-16oz) every day with it. We get only about 12-18 months life out of them but for the price it is cost effective.
It would definitely sew soft leather such as that used in clothing,etc, but probably not shoe type leather. I think they make a smooth foot that should be used when sewing leather to keep from scratching the leather with the standard ribbed walking foot. Hope this helps.
Inches?!? It wouldn't sew through a single inch of fabric & I'm not of a machine that will... That said it'll sew through 4 layers of toughtek, microfiber suede, nylon webbing (gotta be careful with the straps, it'll snap the needle & send it right at you, where glasses!). This, of course, is for the home hobby project, it couldn't do this in production. You will have to get to know the machine but after you do it runs strong, just not as fast as an industry machine.
The widest you can set it.....? I would say 3/8". I'll measure a stitch when I get back to the house this afternoon.
Yes it comes with a kit with bobbins and needles. I suggest you would need to order extra needles and you probably have better tools than they send with it. I recommend a good LED light with a flexible shaft. The Monster wheel kit from Sailrite is a great addition to it as well.It is made in the same factory as theirs and has served me well in replacing the sun protection strip on a 40+' jib and making lots of other accessory projects on the boat. I am satisfied that it has paid for its self in the use I have gotten from it so far.
You can use a little bigger but need bigger eye of needle. What size thread do you want to use? Monday phoneme. Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Yes, this is brand new in the box with warranty and instructions, we are an authorized dealer.
Yes
Yes, the sewing machine can sew with a variety of needle sizes and thread thicknesses including standard thread found at fabric stores. Thread tension will have to be adjusted to appropriately handle the lighter threads. Also, recognize that this machine will have a much heavier "industrial" feel to it than the standard household sewing machine and it offers only straight and zig-zag stitches. Although the needles can easily be found online, your daughter may not be able to find the appropriate needles at her local fabric store. A more refined and customized version of this machine is sold by Sail Rite and is called the LSZ1. The Sail Rite website will include numerous videos which will fully detail the capabilities of this machine.
3/8"
Yes it is the same as a sailrite without the hand crank. The sailrite is a little more refined for twice the price.
We used these crayons directly on fabric, though you could use transfer paper and then iron your design onto fabric. The problem with that is the "mirror effect" -- any text must be written in reverse so that the transfer makes the correct image onto the fabric.
No. The color didn't show on the dark blue poly fabric I tried them on
The color is much more dull and faded/pastel, and while it washed, it did not last very long, while the crayons on 100 % poly look as bright 30 years later... This incompatibility w/ all-cotton is why I think the crayons have never been well known.
The crayola fabric crayons are not designed to wash out after being ironed onto a shirt. As for actually applying the crayon directly onto the shirt, it would not work that well and the crayons are not designed for that anyway - they are designed to be applied to paper then ironed onto a cloth item. It sounds like you need a product designed specifically for embroidery. There are two products I am aware of for this purpose. the first is a pen with actual disappearing ink - you trace and within a few hours the ink has disappeared (http://www.amazon.com/Collins-vanishing-disappearing-fabric-marker/dp/B001W2M2WO/ref=sr_1_4?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1377646526&sr=1-4&keywords=embroidery+ink+pen OR http://www.amazon.com/Singer-Fabric-Marking-Pen-Pencil/dp/B00566E680/ref=sr_1_2?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1377646567&sr=1-2&keywords=embroidery+ink+pen OR http://www.amazon.com/Singer-Point-Disappearing-Marking-Purple/dp/B003BRX6PK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1377646511&sr=8-1&keywords=embroidery+ink+pen. the other product will wash out after a wash or two (http://www.amazon.com/DMC-U1539-Embroidery-Transfer-Blue/dp/B000W5HTX4/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1377646660&sr=8-5&keywords=embroidery+ink+pen). I hope these links help.
The colors are the colored stripes on the cover, I have this, I'm thrilled with glitter paper!
Cuts beautifully on a siloute machine!!!! Just use the setting for glitter cardstock. Move the cutter to 6.
There are at least 2 pages of each color and some have 3!!!!!! &#128525;
It's for 12x12 scrapbooks so the big one, but it works great for trimming down and using for small scrapbooks also.
Whole
It's what I used it for and I like it. It's good as an accent, but you will need heavy adhesive if you use it as the main page. I use it for borders and die cuts and with my Cricut machine.
They are the same color on the back.
You get 3 sheets per colour. Hope this helps. Great colours. Cheryl..
I really don't Know, I have an ink jet printer. Sorry
I'm sorry, I have no idea. I purchased it as a gift for a friend who makes cards with a Cricut. I can say that she was very happy with the paper; she said it was wonderful.
I personally have never mailed it, but I do use it on polymer clay and it is still puffy years later and that is after watching children pick at it. In my opinion I think it would be fine as long as it is fully dried. It is pretty tough puff :)
This is a decorative applique. You have to heat treat it with a heating tool (hair dryer is not hot enough) to take it from slick to rough. I use it for texture in card making. I am not sure if it is non toxic.
I don't think so. The only other product I can think of to suggest is Aileen's "Tack It Over And Over".
I haven't seen a specific tutorial for it. However, Emma from My Creative Time uses it on many of her projects, and she frequently films them.
I think it might possibly slip in place to cut but I do not think this cutter would be strong enough to cut paper that thick. Card stock worked well so I think that might be best.
Hey There, Just experimented. I was not able to punch more than 3 at a time. That was a squeeze, and I imagine it would dull the edges of your punch quicker, which would be noticeable on your paper edges over time. I'd say 2 comfortably, 3 with a tad more effort. Hope this helps. Oh, I also took a greeting card and folded it in half and was able to punch two from it. Aluminum foil for sharpening if you didn't already know. Layer some pieces, and punch to sharpen.
3/4"
I haven't tried felt. Honestly it doesn't cut through thicker papers too well, so probably won't work with felt.
Not far, but if you're still worried about it you could flip the hole punch upside down so that you can see exactly what you're cutting out.
It does not do a very good cut all the way around. It hung up on one edge every time I tried with the craft foam. It does great with just scrapbooking paper or regular copy paper. Hope this helps.
The punch is gray with a silver label.
No, you can't get it in between the plates. Space is too narrow.
It does write on plastic and dries quickly. It might wear off with repeated use but it doesn't rub off easily. It will scratch off though.
Short answer, yes. Long answer, it will be hard to do the longer it has cured on the glass. You may have to resort to a lot of elbow grease/razor blade/magic eraser fun.
It doesn't wash off well, but is easily scraped off with a razor blade scraper.
yes it does show up on black construction paper, but because the paper is so absorbent you have to go over it several times intil you get the look you want. Also it will bleed. Yes it is permanent
This is extra fine paint pen that is super great for lettering or outlining.
I have not used this pen on paper. I have only used it on glass. It will bleed and leave a blobby mess if you don't take the time to prime it properly.
I have the punch. It's not very big. Maybe 1 1/2 by 2 1/2. Ill test it and let you know.
About 1.25 x 2.25
length: 2 1/8 inches width: 1 1/4 inches. not quite the size of a standard domino, but cuts very cleanly.
Given the dimensions of the punch itself (they also don't put model numbers on their products!), the cutting size is 2-1/8" x 1-1/4"
No way but there is silhouette chipboard out there you can use for the cameo
Just holding it horizontal it doesn't bend, but if you are looking to put a heavy weight on it, it will.
2 mm
I asked my husband and he said if you spray light coats on and let dry in between until you get the color you like you should be fine.
No, this is not good for folding. I use it for making book covers and spines in mini albums. I would look for a heavier weight craft paper.
Yes you can; I just tried now!
if engargolar = spiral bound, then yes. They are quite thick, so you will need a heavy duty punch for the holes. I have already made them into book covers (fabric covered, not spiral bound), and I couldn't be more pleased.
These are pretty thick! I have never used a binding machine so I am not sure if it would work.
I haven't, but i do sew and I think that it would do a pretty good job of reinforcing the bottom of a medium/small purse, so long as you didn't plan to put anything too heavy in it. I'd be afraid that it would bend if you put something heavier than a waterbottle in there.
The medium weight is 1.45mm thick or 0.057" - reference: http://www.grafixarts.com/home_article_pages/Chipboard_Frequently_Asked_Questions It can be cut easily with a utility or craft knife, but not scissors.
I used the back part in a laser printer in order to mark the design I wanted. It was ok for my purpose.
Yes there is but if I remember, there probably only 5 or 6 of each color.
Only one side has the glitter. The other side is white.
Great for card making. If you cut using the Cricut, make sure you set it for heavy cardstock and at least 2 cuts.
I used it to cut shapes to put on paper lanterns for my wedding. Also for scrap booking.
I'm not certain but I think it might smear the ink. This cardstock also has a very strong scent.
The actual weight is not stated, only "cardstock." There is a plasticky-glittery-glossy coating on one side (white matte on back) that adds a little weight, so, i would say it feels like 65# with a little additional heft due to the coating. Hope that helps
You got me. I just know it pays to read the fine print before you order any thing... I always check the ratings on items from other buyers before I purchase as well. Sorry I can not be more helpful.
I agree and no one ever answered my question. I like the yarn and the colors and it did a great job but I never knew if I would have enough.
68 yards of yarn per skein
no just one
Yes. It may take the paper mache longer to dry though.
The plaster cloth I purchased was in a 5 lb roll roll about 12 inches wide by about 50 feet in length. A much better bargain than the Woodland Scenics brand.
The plaster cloth is made in China and imported and distributed by a company in Texas.
I have used this material for a while and am very pleased with the results. I use it for making scenery like hills and mountains on a model railroad. It's very easy to use and sets up in about 10 minutes where you can change the shape. I apply strips of the plaster cloth over paper and foam. It hardens within 30 minutes or so. The more of the material you apply, the harder it becomes. I use it to form an object then apply Sculptamold over the casting where it hardens overnight leaving a natural looking earth-like surface. You may be able to use the material as a mold but only if you seal it with sculptamold and paint.
yes! definitely. I'd suggest something like acrylic that isn't water soluble, just for longevity. But painting on it works like a charm.
this stuff is great. You can pre wet it or form it dry over the project and use a spray bottle to wet it. it will harden like a rock. only caveat is it might take two layers to prevent "see thru" if the cloth is used over something hollow.
The weight for the entire roll is 5 lbs, and the dimensions are 11 3/4x 16.6 yds. You cut the strips on the sizes you want.
I have no idea. We used it over paper mache to make our project more sturdy
Referring to the case that holds 48 pencils, the outer dimensions are approximately (give or take fractions of an inch) 7.5" x 4.5" x 1.75". I use it to hold Prismacolor pencils which are about 7" when not sharpened. Once inserted into the strap, there is about 3/8" room to spare. The zipper on case can be held out of the way for easy insertion of the pencil and then zipped up provided that the pencils are cleared of the zipper's track. I use it for other sketching pencils as well which differ in length though usually not much longer than the colored pencils. Hope that helps!
I apologize we do not have international shipping through Amazon. It is just something we are unable to offer at this point.
Yes, if you do not expect each slot to hold more than one sharpie per slot. The elastic is tight at first for normal width pencils. I can get 4 in each slot at a time so I can hold a full set of 48 colored pencils in a relatively small area. Works great with my backpack. Hope this helps as this is very well designed and of high quality. I would definately recommend this product.
This machine comes factory set for 50 cents. You can upgrade it to take $1.25 however it is exact change only. It is also set up to vend candy bars, not just chip bags.
If you have not already purchased the machine, this is an upgrade that you can get. If you have, then you will need to contact us so that we can help you order them.
Hello Pedro, I'm not sure about it can be adapted in your country but I would recommend NOT BUYING from this company. I bought 3 "brand new" machines from them and 2 were defective. They don't have onsite support, which normal companies usually do send someone out to fix it for you if your machines are still under warranty. They wanted me to pay for the shipping of the defective machines or parts to them to fix it even though I just paid $300 each machine for shipping cost. And I just learned that their machines are non returnable. I just read other online comments and saw that they will charge you excessive amount for the parts after the warranty.
Hi, Thank you for visiting our candymachines store and for your inquiry. The manufacturer makes these machines to order and they have been using red for the lettering. I'll be happy to confirm with them that have not changed colors, however, they are closed for maintenance for the holiday week. Please call our office and speak with Michele, she is our expert on these machines. And she'll be able to assist you further. Our toll free number is 800-853-3941 and office hours are 9 to 5 Pacific time. Sincerely, Harris CandyMachines . com Store Manager
Yes that should be ok. You may need to open the springs slightly but that would not be a problem if you follow the manufacture's directions.
if no bigger than a small bag of chips
No its mechanical
No, I changed the price of items myself with no problem. The instructions to do so are in the manual and they are pretty specific, easy to follow. However, you may not have all the combinations of metal discs for all the prices you want to have. I need to call the company and order some more quarter discs.
Hi Peyton, I'm not certain that these cutters will work on fabric. They work best on card stock but not so well on thin paper (regular weight paper). I'm actually afraid to try on fabric to confirm this for you...but would not recommend it. Good luck!
I think all the XL squeeze punches are 2". I have an EK Success 3" scalloped punch (Paper Shaper) which is easy to use. The squeeze is easier but this is a close second.
The XL is generally 2". The description shows 2". That is the perfect size for a gift tag.
2 in
46mm width x 40 mm height
Not more then 50x50 mm.
The punch is 2 inches across and 1 1/8" long.
I haven't used mine yet..but,as far as I know it is NOT for photo transfer.
Yes. Dries nice & clear too.
It's more like for thin fabric to fabric where the glue can adhere to the whole piece being attached. I would use fabric glue for lace to burlap since they both are thick material and not flush when you lay one on top of the other and also have larger gaps within the fabric.
It would be best to try it with a scrap of fabric and a scrap of sheet metal. It is best to apply a sealant on top of mod podge after giving it a few days to cure. A spray acrylic sealant usually. I have used mod podge on dough ornaments, wood, paper, plastic, cloth, but not with sheet metal. That is a good idea. Are you making a mobile?
Sorry, I have no idea.
.. some not a lot had smaller holes like was not drilled enough,I used wax thread,and all time was loose..so i believe they are or could be. hope this helped!!
TH0se i believe were hard plastic,been so long since i used them
They are round,so when you make a bracelet it will always match the next letter,I made necklaces and bracelets and i never had trouble with them.
I made chokers and bracelets and they worked out well,also made Christmas decoration with them and worked out well. you just have to try it to see how they will work for u. If i was still in the jewelry making then i would buy more,but am out for a time
It is a folder that opens flat with only the two sides that you can see in the picture. It does not really have pages, per se. With mine full of dies, the weight of the dies and the magnets are heavy enough that any more pages would make it hard to pick up with one hand. The folder empty is very sturdy and has a magnetic closure flap. I love mine! I have three!
yes. Depends on die size and shape. You have two sides the size of the folder to put them on, so twice the size of the folder space.
No pages, Just magnetic front and back cover.
You can use this, however, hard coat would be better. But the very best thing to use if you are going to do fabric is VARATHANE (water based interior diamond polyurethane) from Rust-Oleum.
There is no warning notes on the lable. I don't know what your purpose is but I don't think this is the type of product to use if you are sealing stone or somthing that will become hot. I wouldn't think it would hold up.
I haven't used it this way. I have received gifts of plates which have decorations Podged to the back of them; so the design shows through the bottom. They are transparent dishes. Since it is waterproof, I would guess hand-washing would be OK.
I've used it to decoupage myhousenumbers on a plaque on the front of my house. Gets a lot of weathering and has held up for a year so far.
Yes, it is thick. I use a sponge instead of a paintbrush and stir it in a small bowl. I dab it in in several areas and then smooth it all together.
No. I found that when the applied, dried Mod Podge got wet, it turned white, blistered, and peeled. Not satisfactory at all.
The waterproof Mod Podge stays tacky for a very long time.
I found it to be unsatisfactory when exposed to moisture. The finish turned white and bubbled up, and I had to remove it.
I think the outdoor one is more suitable as it is waterproof. Still I am not sure if it will last with all the water and moisture in the bathroom. I like the idea though!
I wouldnt call it water proof no. Its water resisant. It's glue, so it will create a plastic like film once dry, but u wont be able to pour water over it and expect it not to wreck.if u spill a small amount of water, and wipe it off immediately, it will be ok. It can also handle a reasonable amount of humidity. If you put a hot plate of soup on it, the glue will warm up, and u risk tearing/damage. This is so you can get an idea of more or less the type of durability you are looking at, if this helps.
I think so. I use it for almost everything I need glue for. I used this to glue down a floor tile once and a friend used it to make a leather dress instead of sewing. I recommend laying the area where you are putting the patch as flat as possible and setting something flat and semi-heavy (a stack of books, etc) on top of it while it dries overnight.
I didn't, but if that is what you need it for a strongly advise against it because it is not very strong.
I wouldn't recommend it for that. It's rather thick and stringy, I would try a spray adhesive, it would go on easily and it does have a good hold. Elmers has one, it's called craft bond.
I didn't use if for that. I used it to glue fabric to leather -- and it was useless. It came apart after one wear. I think you better go with the other more expensive glues. This seems to only work for very thin fabric.
I've used this glue on knee patches I've ironed on and have come off... the glue holds for about 3-4 washes, then comes loose.
Maybe, but I used it to glue patches onto my packback (which isn't denim, but a synthetic fabric) and it didn't work.
The odor is not very strong and after the glue dries completely the odor is gone. I have used this glue to patch a hole in a pair of pants above the left rear pocket and it has held up even after a few washings.
Dries hard
I've tried it only on fabric where it is excellent. The label claims it will bond fabric, lace, trim, leather & wood. It might be worth a try.
According to Fiskars website, Large=1.5in and Extra Large=2in
I do not make this product and they are missing out by not giving dimensions! My medium is in the package and it is one inch--- I think. The only other one I bought was large and that was about an inch and a half. The large one I used with milk gallon bottle caps. This is where I got the ideas http://www.themeasuredmom.com/make-your-own-easy-and-beautiful-milk-cap-letters-for-tons-of-learning-fun/. Good luck!
It maes a circle of 2 inch of diameter!
The size is 3,5 cm = 1 3/8 in.
I think is small, I was a little bit disappointed, I was expecting that it will be bigger :(
Hello, The plain heart and the scalloped heart in this Large squeeze punch are both 1 1/4" at the widest part. The scalloped circle in this picture is 1 3/8". Best regards, Joni for Totally Crafty
I'm not sure. I have used it on paper to paper projects and paper to plastic page protectors. Maybe E6000 will work for your project.
The drying time on this product is 24-48 hrs. I would recommend using a Floral tape instead for corsage arrangement.
No
Yes
I have not used it under those situations. If you have time to test it just make sure it has 24 to 48 hrs to really set up. Good Luck
I use it to adhere pictures and paper for scrapbooking and cards. I have had no problem with it cracking. I find that it works much better than regular white glue and the double stick snail tape. it does not bleed through the paper like some other glues.
I have never used it on polystyrene however it's a thick tacky glue so it might work.
Yes, you'll be very pleased! It's very quick and colorless....I have used it with tissue paper and vellum. I would apply only a small dot to adhere the leaves and 'see' if its enough. Less is more!
I have purchased it at Michaels, Hobby Lobby and some Walmarts.
Blocks are generally 1/4 to 3/8"thick.
Yes, that's the point of them. You put clear stamps or rubber stamps that are mounted on cling vinyl on these blocks, stamp your image, and then remove the stamp. The stamps will cling to the blocks over & over and the blocks can be used with as many stamps as you want, as long as the stamp will fit on the block. This set has 4 sizes for different sized stamps.
i use these blocks and they are serving me fine. However these blocks are in the sizes 1x1inch, 2x2 inch, 3x3 inch and 6.5x2 inch so you can see if your clings would fit in these sizes. Hope that helps :)
Hello, The biggest block is 6.5 x 2 inches. Thanks
I actually kept these in the original packaging for a while between uses but I recently got a little plastic storage box that I keep all of my stamp blocks in.
It should not make a difference as to whether you're stamping paper or fabric. HOWEVER, even when stamping paper, SOMETIMES the stamps fall off. (Less of a problem with the clear photopolymer stamps; more of a problem with stamps mounted on the stuff with a gray back.) If in doubt, use double-sided sticky tape to tape your stamp to the block.
Raul, it sounds as though you have shipped this item to a freight forwarder..... and if they are charging you daily product storage, the forwarder has the item. You need to contact the freight forwarder's customer service department and ask why they are being held.
This was put up months ago...but anyway on the main product page, under product features it says Sizes 1"x1", 2"x2", 3"x3" and 2"x6" (that was cut copied and paste, I don't own them (yet)). Hope this helps (9 months later).
Yes, I made copies of pics and cut them out using the paper template.
No machine, snaps on/off easily just make sure you hear a loud snap when putting backs on, great item
Yes. They come with the pins.
24 pieces/ 12 full buttons
If u recall correctly, that's what I used
you must print and cut your own inserts but it's really easy
We do not currently have a nativity scene stencil.
I'm sure you could use them, but the paint and constant use of water may make them hard to use over-and-over.
We do not have 36" stencils.
The actual size of the entire single stencil is 7/8 of an inch, the actual size of the letter is about 6/8 of an inch X 1/2 inch. I hope that makes sense. I ordered the upper and lower case letters for this font and I like it, but I love the script so much more and wish that they would make an over and over script that was this size. Enjoy! Heather
You use heat from an iron to fuse one side to fabric and then peel off the paper on the other side and use iron heat again to fuse it to another fabric
The instructions say it may be used with low heat. I've only used it with high heat and love the results. Just make sure you have extra fabric to test it.
I have not had a problem with this product as I have had with others! Only gummy stuff is the spray adhesive when bonding batting to backing and fabric! Great product!
I wouldn't use the lite for that, I'd use the heavy. Any bubbles just press out. But I'm not sure it would work at all since it must be sewn. The Heat-n-bond company insists it doesn't have to be sewn and that if you have to sew it you're doing it wrong, but apparently everyone I've ever talked to about it is doing it wrong, because they agree with me. (In other words, I think the company is full of it).
I've never used steam a seam, but, from experience I know items MAY be able to be repositioned if they aren't too small with Heat 'n Bond Lite. I've done it several times, successfully.
Iron it on.
The one marked "light" or "sewable" doesn't gum up your sewing machine. The other one is very difficult to sew.
I've never tried that but you would need to iron it to the pattern and then you could use something like thin fabric or interfacing to fuse the other side. This is like double stick tape. It allows you to fuse two surfaces together. Does that help?
Yes! I iron a slightly larger area than I need to the fabric I will be adhering, then cut the shape I want. Then you remove the paper backing and iron the cut fabric on to the backing fabric. Stitch around the edges and voila! I have heard of many people using this product with a Cricut machine, and it does dull those blades. I am not familiar with die-cutting machines.
I would not use this product on its own (ie without stitching into place) if the pieces will be washed. Maybe the non lite version would hold in this wash! I have not used the non lite, however!
No juliette, this product is actually a web of glue that is activated by heat. You might try an interfacing to mend your slacks. You could use Pellon 906F sheer weight interfacing or Pellon 911FF featherweight interfacing using the method you described to make the repair. Both 906f and 911ff are available in white. 911ff is also made in black but harder to find. JoAnn fabrics does carry it in their larger stores. Hope this helps.
Yes that is what I do. But it needs to be a mirror image when you do it.
Yes
Yes
I don't know, but my guess is that it certainly will not help. I suppose anything (chemical or substance) that comes between the clean fabric and the heatnbond glue might disturb the bond.
Here is a site that shows how to use this product. I hope this helps you. http://eventstocelebrate.net/2014/01/fabric-applique-onesie-tutorial/
This what i use for appliqu not interfacing.
I don't recommend it as with washing it will start to come undone. I use it for quilting before final quilting. Hope this helps
Yes it does.
We do not carry this size paper.
Yes
Yes. I personally used paper for the insert, but there is a fair amount of room within to fit other, thicker materials.
The insert is 3.5 inches in diameter
Order so the image you want in your button is 3.3 inches and the total no more than 3.65 inches in diameter. If you use 4x6 prints you'll have to cut a little over 1/2" off of the image to fit the button. There is a rounded edge that keeps the entire 3.65" diameter from clearly showing...hence the 3.3" suggestion
The back has to snap shut . I wonder if pressing the cross stitch might flatten it enough if there is a fairly wide (1/2 inch) border...I just tried it with three quarters in the middle and it snapped shut!
Krista: It takes 2 days to pull order, then 6-11 business days in shipping.
No, they are plastic and snap together.
It's just a 'snap together' front to back; so, it's a matter of just using some light force to pull them apart.
There are multiples of several colors!
yes it is 6 stand...Eths
I have only used the floss for actual embroidery and it worked beautifully.
yes
My daughter used it for relplacement floss for the Klutz friendship bracelet book , so yes it's great for that!
YES
If the letters are embroidered, sure.
It is 20 pound cord which makes the thickness between about 1mm or .04" thick.
double it up and yes but of course you say heavy and i do not know what that means, but assuming it is a ceramic plate - i would with it doubled
It depends on what you are using it for: I used a single strand as a necklace and it frayed in about five days from wear and tear, for a craft it should be fine.
not sure also know it is very thin and just medium strength i got it to tie branches - had to double it
Maybe if you braided it but by itself I would not recommend it.
It is not brown nor white but more of a tan.
I have no definitive answer for this question, but I suspect it is just natural. I would expect organic to be much more expensive.
It's strong enough but it may be too thin for this use
Yes, it does.
number 2 setting is the high setting.
10"
Hi! I am not sure, but the glue gun is well made and slightly heavy and does have some metal parts. The plastic doesn't feel flimsy. I tried to look at their site but it does not list the type of plastic used: http://www.adhesivetech.com/consumer-crafts/glue-guns/two-temp-full-size.cfm they do have a link to ask a question though so would be able to help with that :)
No
Yes
I don't understand what you mean, so I don't know. I do like this glue gun because it had a attached narrow tip for small areas, it does have high/low temp functions.
I think you would need a converter for the plug, just like the ones used for most U.S. appliances in Europe.
No problem here. I used Adhesive Technologies 220-11ZIP24 Multi Temp Full Size Glue, 10-Inch, 24-Pack glue sticks. Just put one it, let it heat up on the high setting for several minutes, then it melted and extruded the glue just fine. I did find warming it up on high, then turning down to low worked better when using it on the low setting
Works well with normal glue sticks.
You iron it on the back side of your fabric, then peal off the paper and iron it on to another fabric. I've used it for making appliques on quilts squares.It works great!
what would you use it for on the purse?
I'm sorry We do not
It comes with three ink cartridges and an adapter. If you can find a cartridge that is compatible with the pen, then yes. But if you can find an inkwell with the sepia ink, which isn't impossible, then the adapter will work just as well.
it comes with a refillable reservoir. I have never used the cartridges so mine are still filled. The refillable well works just fine for me. I have been using this pen daily for a few months. Nice pen. I was surprised how light this pen is.
No, it's is a modernized fountain pen. It has a plastic trap that holds the ink and allows for a steady ink-flow through the tip. There's no hassle to dip the pen in a jar of ink and there is now worries about dripping or messes. I do recommend learning on how to care for these pens. i let mine sit for a little while and what little ink dried inside. I had to do a little manual cleaning for it, but it didn't take much. A little warm water and it was good as new.
The ink I received was not waterproof. The informative flyer that came with it said that the company does make a waterproof ink, but you have to buy it separately.
I gave it as a gift so I do not know that answer. So sorry.
The pen comes with cartridges and an ink converter which is a device you fill from a bottle of ink and install similarly to a cartridge in the pen.
It is called a sketch fountain pen because it was designed to create art ("sketch") rather than writing. It has a nib that creates fine lines rather than a ball point for writing.
Yes you can, I only tried once and it works well.
Yes it come with ink cartridges!
No it's the larger size beads. Still cool though. Can't beat the price even just to have them for decorations.
Not sure what you want to adjust. Are some of the beads too tight? If so they will probably loosen up as you use it. Or you will get used to it. Roughness along the path?
No
No
I received the wrong Malta when I ordered this so my answer might not be correct about this item. But the mala I received appeared to be sealed with a gloss or stain so I doubt it does get darker.
I'm not sure what type of seeds these are but for me the beads are fine , in the end when I pray or meditate do I really care what the seeds are made from . I have gave this beads as gifts and all have loved them.
Am guessing 10mm. It's a medium size. Wonderful mala
Long enough
there are 8 hooks sizes from C-2.75 ,D-3.25, E-3.50, F-3.75, G-4.0, H-5.0, I-5.5, J-6.0. Hope this helps. I love these hooks. Happy Crocheting :)
This is the actual set! Love them. Very comfortable in the hand. Crochets with ease. Has all the sizes from 2.75, 3.25, 3.5, 3.75, 4.0, 5.0, 5.5, 6.0. They are light weight with a molded tip. Worth the price great quality. :)
The Clover Takumi hooks are slightly shorter in length, but the indentation (hold) is the same length. I really like them, very comfortable to work with. Jackie
I would say more like Susan Bates. I really like these Crochet hooks. They are very easy to use . I order the entire set . Have been well pleased. I find that the shan k I would say more like Susan Bates. I ordered the entire set and really like these crochet hooks. I feel that the shank is shorter and makes them easier to use. I have been very satisfied with the set.
I have both and like the soft touch set more because they are flat not rounded like the armour. I guess it all depends on preference :)
They are exactly 5 1/4" after measurement. Hope this helps and quite comfortable. I enjoy using them, they won't disappoint.
mine are 6 inches in total. cheers, shirley
I use the knife grip and works great!
They're completely different grips. The Takumis are more rigid & flat. The Armours are round & squishy. It depends what you prefer. I like both & I have both sets that I use interchangeably. If you want to know how each feels, if you go to Hobby Lobby or JoAnn's, you can hold them in your hand and see what feels better to you. They do sell individual hooks, but the sets on Amazon are a better value.
Yes, sizes in letters and in mm.
It usually takes about 20 minutes per quarter inch of thickness. To conserve clay and keep baking time low use balled up aluminum foil and cover with clay to make bigger objects. There are many project books for simple polymer clay projects. If you have never used polymer clay before, I recommend getting one.
I work in stoneware clay mostly. But have worked in Sculpty clay as well. How much of this to buy for your class depends on how many in the classroom? I would offer some advice about the white or terra cotta Sculpty clay and that is to buy their larger blocks or switch & try air dry clay. It can't be painted as when dry & adding paint, the wet paint will mix with the clay and make muted colors. It can be bought in White or terra cotta, the latter to which I would use. How much to buy of any clay or polymer has much to do with how many children in the class & the ages, due to hand size. I would buy a package and test it out on a student to see how much you will need for the entire class. Air Dry clay is sold at most craft stores or online like the Sculpty Clay is. You don't have to oven bake the air-dry clay. Hope I helped you some? ~Molly Martino
It bakes in a regular oven. I think the temp is 215 but its on the box. Never put in a toaster oven.
Hi, I have the original Sculpey. The weight on the package says 1.75 lb (794 grams). The block measures 5" x 6" and 1-3/4" deep. I hope that helps. I like this product, but it's very soft. I mix it with the firm.
I think this would work for jewelry. I made a full doll with it.
I am not sure what other people use, but I bake it, sand it, and spray it with Krylon clear acrylic spray. I believe that you can paint it with latex paints. I think you could find some good information on Utube and search Scupty. Another good idea is to do a Google search under the type of craft you are doing, or under the type of material you are using. Good luck. Things will probably be fine no matter what you use. I avoid any oil based paints because of unknown or bad chemical reactions with the clay.
It would mix fine.
Depending on how thick you make them, at least 6, but maybe as many as 9.
Mine was not pliable enough for a wheel. More the consistency of PlayDoh. Not sure if you can add water to make it more pliable or not. It sure is easy to fire and is strong. Dropped my item on cement after being fired an it did not chip or crack.
It doesn't dry like ceramic. You bake it in the oven and it feels more like plastic (it's polymer so it actually a form of plastic). If you had a very delicate, thin piece on your creation, it might break of if you drop it right. If you have a more solid creation, I don't believe it would break if you dropped it.
The straight answer to your question is that a 3 pound bag will make about 1.5 cubic FEET of material. However, two caveats: this product takes some care to cast fine detail, as it is made of shredded newsprint bonded by plaster and glue. Secondly, the cure time is about 10 minutes, so it would be hard to mix and pour an entire bag in that time. I work with about 3 cu in at a time, and that's about right. [Edit] After checking, I believe I overestimated the volume of a bag. It's probably more like 1 cu ft.
I use it for rockwork on my model railroad so its naturally lumpy texture works great and it is great for filling the gaps between rock casting made from hydrocal. If you work it more than I do you can achieve a smooth consistency that might work for you. I make my roads with hydrocal. That is much finer plaster and achieves extremely fine detail when cast and can be smoothed into roadways but has a relatively fast curing time, scuptamold is workable much longer and might suit your sculpting needs. Not sure if this helps but good luck.
With the AMACO Sculptamold, you wouldn't need to mix paper in. This product already includes the shredded paper and binder, so you just add water and then you're ready to sculpt!
I'm not entirely sure, but I can tell you that it is super rough on skin. I've never done mold castings, I've only used it for sculpting. But it leaves my skin irritated.
1/4 cup latex paint to 2 cups sculptamold works great. What's even better for ground goop is: 1 cup fine vermiculite, 1 cup sculptamold, 1 cup permaclay, 1/2 cup white glue, 1/2 cup brown latex paint, 1 tsp Lysol concentrate for mold and enough water to get it to whatever consistency you want. I start with 3/4 cup water and add 1/4 cups until it feels right.
I really don't think this the right material for your project, sculptamold is like plaster of Paris mixed with shredded paper, from what you described you would need something finer and stronger
You want it for another layer in order to make the paper stronger? It will not come out smooth. It has a rough, almost bumpy, hand-made paper quality to it. Otherwise yes, I found it to hold details well. I was able to free-form eyebrows and feathers. It held the shape and dried strong.
Should work fine. Very light and easy to work with.
First you cut a hole using the template enclosed. It is up to you to space them correctly, but if you put the center of template at the places you have marked for holes they look great. I used a chalk dot on the spots I wanted. Then you put 1/2 of grommet pair (the side with the rim) on bottom of hole. It is a little snug, but it will be OK. Then you put the other 1/2 over it and press down with the palm of your hand. Done. After you do one you will realize how incredibly easy it is and begin to think of other ways to use them!
Yes they are plastic
Set of 8....total 16 pieces. Enough for a 40-ish inch wide panel.
Don't see how that is possible. You'll need to remove your existing grommets, then snap on the new color.
Greetings Rebecca, No, this product cannot be personalized by the seller.
Guarantee? You are asking other buyers, not the seller, so no. I won't guarantee anything. That said, mine was lined.
Yes...you can either slightly glue or tape pictures and its fine...
It doesn't look like it it is bound together like a book.
Yes there are front and back.
These measure at exactly 1.5". They are plastic. I use them all the time on my curtains and very durable.
It depends on how wide you want it to hang when fully closed and how much fullness you want. I usually draw it to figure out what I want. For example, say your window rod is 36" and you want it double thickness (for the 72" total of material...if your rod is 72", I would go with at least 144 inches of material for a valance using these), then you'd figure out how big the spaces should be in-between each grommet. Say you use 9 grommets for the 72" of material, and the first and last one are close to the edges, you'd have about 9 inches between the middle of each grommet (72" divided by 8 = 9" -- 8 is the number of spaces between each grommet), and so you'd have to make sure 9 inches is the fullness you want for the original 36" rod - imagine it with the grommets in and the material nicely pleating between grommets. If you want less than 9 inches, use more grommets, or in other words, more grommets for smaller pleats. Use fewer grommets for more than 9 inches/bigger pleats. Sorry that's not more clear, but hope it's helpful. This is why I draw it.
It has 8 complete rings :)
Suggest you search Amazon for 'setting tool metal grommet'. The Dritz ones don't need special tools.
No, they're plastic made to look like brushed pewter. People think they're metal when they see them hanging up though.
You don't need a grommet tool
YES, that is correct.
I suppose it would depend on the type of fabric. If you are talking spandex or lycra or something like that, I would think no. If you are thinking jersey knit, possibly... I guess it would depend on how well whatever you are using holds a fold when it is ironed.
When I start, the first 2-3 inches of the tape fold in a bit unevenly, but I just manually fold and iron that part. The rest is fine. I've made yards of continuous beautiful tape with less than straight cuts using this device (and the bigger 2" device). I guess my only suggestion is to go slowly like the other reviewer mentioned and make sure your fabric is truly cut on the bias. I've also only used 100% cotton quilting fabric or cotton flannel for my tape. Maybe different material doesn't produce as nice of a tape?
Yes, I believe it is.
The directions say to cut the fabric between 1-3/4ths to 2 inches for this size bias tape maker. I think that your 2-1/2 inch ribbon might be too wide. But Simplicity makes a bias tape measure that might work: http://www.amazon.com/Simplicity-Inch-Quilt-Binding-Strips/dp/B002SZOEP2/ref=sr_1_40?ie=UTF8&qid=1408319722&sr=8-40&keywords=clover+bias+tape+maker
Long, seamed bias strips are perfect for this tape maker. The seams go right through. I always make sure to give the seamed areas a little extra steam from my iron.
It folds the outside edges to the middle.
Based on the instruction that comes with the bias maker: 3 7/8" (98 mm) and the width is for both medium and light weight cloth.
Depending on the fabric density, you cut your strips 2 inches wide. After running through the tape maker, the ironed result is 1 inch wide. When you fold it in half to use as double-fold, it is 1/2" wide.
It is the output width. What you will fold and sew on to project, raw edges folded under not included in this measurement. Michele
If the pattern calls for 2" strips, then you'd use a 2" Tape Maker. The output is 1", and folded (lengthwise) in half again, it is 1/2", which I consider to be "finished." If you only used a 1" strip, then you end up with 1/4" tape. Trust me, I've been doing this for years!
Hi Moira, You don't need a machine. It is very simple to create the bias. Cut a stripe of the width indicated in the instruction leaflet. Push the stripe into the clove (from the larger part) and when it exits (smaller part) you start to iron it. The bias is done.
Clover 1 inch.
Theoretically, 2" inches (Twice the width of the finished size of the tape maker). However, the thickness and stiffness of your fabric can affect your outcome. Starching your strips makes them easier to work with. I have also found that cutting heavier fabrics a little narrower (1 3/4") makes them guide more evenly.
Yes, it is very sufficient. I love it and I highly recommend it.
Tony, the material is transparent and it dissolves rather quickly in water. I just wrote on a small piece with a sharpie pen and you could see the writing and the entire sheet dissolved in water.
No sorry this is not iron on this is wss that you put on top. look for heat bond and that would be your iron on
Yes, I believe it would.
Yes but only goes on top. One layer. You put cut away in the hoop or hoop cutaway and t. Shirt together
No, its a vinyl like thin stablizer thats used as topping on terrycloth or knits.
Yes, it is real thin plastic. It tears away easily or soaks off.
Ummm...no. This is an embroidery stabilizer not a cover for anything. It is used during machine embroidery to keep the fabric stable and in this case, with this product, it is used as the fabric you are embroidering on and then once the embroidery is finished, the stabilizer is washed off by playing it in warm water. What are you wanting to protect your purses from? In storage? In that situation, I would advise just using flour sack towels that you can find at walmart, here on amazon, and other stores that sell household linens and wrap each purse in a towel and then place in storage.
It has a smooth side and little bumps on the other but there isn't any holes in it
Yes, just go to http://www.amazon.co.uk/Solvy-Water-Soluble-Stabilizer-Roll-12/dp/B001705SVS/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1398277120&sr=8-3&keywords=sulky+water+soluble+stabilizer
Yes, of course, as long as you get the "plumbing" correct. I suggest you get yourself some quick disconnect fittings and make sure you use teflon tape at all the threaded connections. My compressor also powers other air tools. I built a small stand and installed the regulator filter on that. My compressor then feeds a higher pressure along the main line, and I use the Airbrush Depot Regulator as a final lower pressure bench top control. My compressor sits far away, across the room, or even inside while I work outside with the airbrush connected to my "air station" that I made. This allows me to have freedom to move about, and I do not have to walk back and forth to change the pressure at the compressor. Also, by using a high pressure at the compressor then stepping it down with the Airbrush Depot regulator, I avoid the pressure drop you get from using a long line. The peace and quiet of having the compressor far from you is golden! This set up allows me to have another line for another tool from the same compressor to power another tool within easy reach (mini grinder, or engraver) without swapping hoses and fiddling about with the pressure. Once I set my portable air-station to the perfect pressure for the air brush, it rarely changes, so I have MUCH more freedom to still use my compressor for other things at the same time. Also, having that last water trap close to where I am working is useful on humid days.
It's both... The "glass" bottle moisture trap part I believe is plastic, not glass (though I don't have it handy to tell you that 100%), and the knob and red ring on the regulator are plastic. The housing, fittings, and gauge, are all metal, and there's metal in the pressure release valve at the bottom of the glass (or plastic) moisture trap.
Yes, you certainly can. I suggest that a quick connect female coupling is installed on the end of your main air hose http://www.amazon.com/Dixon-Valve-DC103-Interchange-Quick-Connect/dp/B00DE88BAG/ then a quick-connect male fitting on the intake side (replace the fitting is has there) of the filter http://www.amazon.com/Dixon-Valve-DCP2502-Interchange-Quick-Connect/dp/B00375LQ44/ and as you can see the outlet already has a " air fitting installed on there (the chromed thing on the side). and you can thread your air line going to the air-brush on there. Make sure Teflon plumbing tape is used at all the threaded fittings. Also make sure the filter is bolted securely to something solid. The exact arrangement may be shuffled about in a number of ways and a variety of methods may be used to adapt the various fittings to suit your needs. Double check the types and sizes of openings and such before you purchase anything as these types of devices may change the details from production to production to reduce costs or cater to the latest market popularity.
Not near my compressor so I can't check. It should. if it doesn't fit, any hardware store should have fittings that can be used to make it fit. I had to use one to allow the airbrush hose fit to the gauge.
You should be able to as this has a lock ring that controls the movement of the actual regulator hope this helps Mike
The length of the tray is 31 inches.
This item comes with the mounting brackets. I have to say it is not very well designed for installing on the side of a drawing table. It keep it from breaking you would have to mount it at the top which is not very convenient.
We do sell them separately. They are item Z666, Bracket for U-1264. We are getting it listed on Amazon and will let you know listing once available. Thank you.
Never. Too small for cutting and piecing fabrics and not space enough for a machine + whatever. This table is difficult to adjust and takes 2 people to assemble. I use it for watercolor art and sketching. The stool is great. I have a small intimate space and if fits well.
No
I don't know for whom you bought the desk, but unless you bought it for a child in kindergarten or 1st grade ( or for a hobbit), I'd recomment forgoing the request for instructions and just send it back for a refund. If you really want to keep it, then you should Google the manufacturer and request the instructions. I'm putting mine on Craigslist for a steep loss.
YES
Yes, this table is the perfect starter table for any architecture or art student.
You should contact the company; mine doesn't work well but with some tinkering it's okay. It's a pain.
Thank you for your interest in this item. Unfortunately at this time this item is unavailable to ship to the UK. We apologize for the inconvenience.
about two and half feet. it is not an adults table. it is usable by an adult, but I would buy a larger table if it were for me. my son that uses it is 9.
http://www.martinuniversaldesign.com/index.php Submit a request with the manufacturer here :-)
Yes they are. Be advised, they are kind of flimsy, so just basic art supplies, nothing heavy.
yes you can. they of course have to be felting needles, but you can use pretty much any brand as long as they have the same angles ends, which i think is a standard construction for felting needles. i have used two separate brand in mine so far.
Hi, it comes with a middle of the road gauge needle (38 I think) that works or everything. Sometimes it will specify by a number it just depends on whom you order it from. If you are going to work with fine silks you would want a light weight needle just as in sewing, so the holes are smaller. Heavier needles are for heavy or thicker materials as maybe sweaters that you have washed and dried then plan to felt. They also have reverse barb needles that pull the material to the outside to make it furry or fuzzy if you were doing small animals. Until you know for sure what your doing you can use a general needle that works for everything. The needle that comes with the pen is a general needle.
Three
It really depends on what your making. If your making a picture or mural on a flat sheet then you would use a felting needle to secure it. If your cutting on pieces of felt to create a picture it could be glued. I use a felting needle when I attach roving (raw wool, as in strands ) to flat sheets of felt, in order to create pictures. You also use a felting needle to create small animals, dolls etc. The purpose of the needle to intertwine the fibers to make them stay together.
Yes, comes with three felting needles installed. If any/all of these should break, they can be replaced with standard felting needles. Great little tool!
I can't remember what the size is...I am presently on a road trip but if you order this, "MASTER Brand- ALL Airbrush Hose Adapter Set, Allows Aztek, Badger & Paasche Airbrushes to Iwata & Master hoses." this will adapt any hose the the compressor...they're not that epensive...less than $15.00...and the siz is the same on both ends.
its as quiet as any compressor i've ever used. you could probably use it in the room where someone was sleeping without any problem.
110v
This doesn't include an airbrush at all. It includes a compressor, regulator, moisture trap, and six foot air choose. You'll need to buy an airbrush (of which the nozzle is a part) separately.
Yes
It has a moisture trap. But honestly, I can't remember ever having to drain it.
It's factory set to automatically cut off when the tank pressure reaches 60 psi. It does reach that and then it cuts off.
yes
Only to assemble the water trap onto the tank. Just need a simple adjustable wrench available at any hardware store.
It works well for me,the extra air tank keeps it at the low air pressure pretty reliable but I just got in to air brushing in the last 2 years so I am no expert by any means hope this helps you make a knowledge decision.
If it is the "tan" you're asking about, it definitely did not have a pink tone....Used it to dye some white aprons to match a black and brown moose applique.....dyed in a small container so the result was slightly mottled.....which I liked. Didn't want to risk using it in my washer.
no it will change color but wont cover up damage..... might make it stand out more
In my opinion your chances are slim-to-none that your carpet will look any better using dye to cover a bleach mark. The dye is unlikely to match the color of the carpet, and if the carpet's not a natural fiber the dye may not take at all. Besides, it's suppose to be done using extremely hot water for a period of time, like in the washing machine. Really, you will just make a mess. I wouldn't do it.
From my experience it should be enough. But few things to note: 1. Check on a small patch. I did an initial mistake for similar thing which turned to different color. 2. I bleached that spot completely and applied. It worked for me. ( I am not an expert, but worked :) for me) 3. Let the trail part completely dry to see the difference, while applying it might look light and it gets darker. 4. Trying color in cotton swab and on material was different from my experience. As the cotton was pure white, but applying it on existing color it was different. ( basic thing on color combination but I went wrong with it initially and hence adding it) HTH.. Good luck
how big are the slipcovers and how many are there?
If you use it in the washing machine; it'll empty out with the water. Never had an issue.
Never tried it on canvas. I used it on a very old cotton tablecloth. It worked great I remember my mom using this dye all the time when I was young. This product has been around forever. It I were you I would sure give it a try!
It will affect the print colors only a little. Pink will be a bit more orange and green a bit more olive. Background will of course be orange, so there will be less contrast between print and background. Sounds like a cool idea.
I would be very careful and test it and dilute it before actually applying it to the carpet . Test it on a a pillow Casd until u get the right shade dilute with watet
1 yolo of bottles
I would use just Navy, since it is extremely dark. Mixed with black would make it look almost black.
I dyed a pair of shorts; I have never tried a rug. However, even with the shorts there was a lot of loose dye in the fabric which took many rinsings to get rid of. I am sure the same would be true of a rug, and you would have to be willing to rinse until it no longer put out color John Eaton
Thank you for your email. I believe that this dye is only for fabrics. Please let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with. I hope you have a great day! Thank you, Amanda Customer Service
We tie dyed white t-Shirts. The color was fabulous, very dark. More like midnight blue, but again depending on fabric.. maybe use a swatch first to test. Hope this helps.
The bluing does indeed restore colors to almost new levels never tried using on new clothing while loops will be darkened the new color may also darken to much darker than desired levels with bluing follow directions carefully and faded area will be restored .if too fearful of using on new pants remove loops and dye separately , me I am lazy I would get a small brush and paint loops
Polyester barely absorbs any color. I would not think Lycra would dye at all since it has a rubber base. Good luck!
Definately. I have done that before. You may want to make it slightly concentrated so that it does not have to take so long. You may want to brush it on or put a mask over the nearby fabric that you do not want to touch. I recommend you have the fabric dry when you apply the color so the color will not run onto adjacent material
no a bath tub or large container&gt; not metal/advantage to washer is it stirs it for you and does all the heavy work,also its easier to rinse the fabric &gt;how big a project do you have???
Darker and a bit purplish
Yes it is because you are putting the dye in the clothes. In the final rinse cycle, it is removed from the washer.
If you have the same model, as I did, you have broken the plastic piece, that makes it go up, and down. To get it fixed, was $130:00. You will have to have a professional look at it. I am sorry you are experiencing the same problem. Joannie Mattoon
I usually get that sound because I've forgotten to raise the button hole paddle back up again. Since the button hole stitches are the ones you listed, I think that's probably it.
The answer to that would probably be no. While it may be able to handle perhaps a VERY lightweight leather (using a special leather needle and a teflon foot), it really is not a good machine for this purpose.
Christina, I got out the book, and followed the directions. I would turn off the machine so it re-sets...then make sure that the tension knob on top has not been moved. There is a question and answer section in the product book that came with the machine.
Not for quilting. Difficult to use, and often have trouble with it. For plain sewing, I'd suggest something like The Denim Star sold at Walmart.
We recommend that you replace the needle and rethread both the top and bobbin threads as a first step.
It is my understanding that the Singer is an American made machine and the Brother is imported so this could fit into your decision? I have read many reviews and the Singer is a sturdier metal frame and components compared to Brothers which have more plastic parts. I do read that the weight of the Singer is heavier which would validate its metal composition vs the lighter machines, however I don't know that this determines what one wants out of their investment. Yes the Brother seems to have extra bells and whistles which are desireable but what are the main components that are needed for your long term projects. My decision is between the Singer 7469Q and the 7470 which has extra features like the alpha/numeric stitching and more stitch choices and costs more. My primary focus will be for occasional sewing and repairs but primary on my bucket list is to make several quilts for a sense of accomplishment. As a reitred dude I guess my sewing machine has to be as cool as the rides I have had which required performance, reliability, coolness, and finally I did take into consideration whether it was American made. Yes I did buy some beautiful Japanese vehicles which served me well so I guess it all comes down to what is important to you at this moment in making these decisions. Currently my main objectives in choice are being as green as one can be to help Mother Earth heal from the destruction we have inflicted on her.
I had nothing but trouble with my machine. Talked to a Singer repairman. To quote "you bought the singer because your mom had a singer and you knew it was a good, reliable brand, right?" I answered yes. He said "singer use to be a good machine. the company sold to some business in China. They are making pieces of junk and selling them to people who think singer is a great machine based on the past. Once everyone catches on to the fact that they are no longer good machines they will dump them." Sorry I bought the machine. Sorry you bought the machine. I purchased a viking and am very happy.
Can't answer the durability question, but have a question for you. Are you looking for a machine that does embroidery? I believe the SE 350 is one of those. That can fall into the plus or minus column in features. Some people feel that the more things a machine like this does, the more that can go wrong. If you want to dabble in embroidery though, without big expectations, get this one. It's got some great features. The 7470, on the other hand, has some terrific reviews on patternreview.com. Good luck and let us know how this works out for you!
I have not had that problem. As someone who has owned a few machines I would advise to have a professional look at it. These machines, even if not used often, require cleaning and oiling regularly. That may be your problem. Good luck to you.
yes, it doesn't take up much room at all
It doesn't have to. You'll need to turn off the feed dogs and then you move the fabric as you want.
i just got mine from amazon and have the same problem.Did you ever figure it out?
I haven't found such a stitch on this machine. I often use #20 or #23. Not what you're looking for, but a nice embellishment.
I have used upholstery fabric with this machine but only to make tote bags. It's a very durable machine but I wouldn't say it's a commercial machine to use upholstery fabric all of the time!!
Reinsert your bobbin and make sure you have it caught in the slot on bobbin case.After that hand turn your machine over.Rotate the wheel forward to go down into the bobbin case area.Thread should rotate around and be caught up by the sewing machine hook.Than the bobbin thread should come to the top.If this doesn't happen your timing on your machine might have been push off. Did you try to sew a really heavy fabric or thickness.This can move the timing out of placement.It will require having it checked by a sewing machine repairman.But first recheck that both top and bottom thread are threaded correctly.Also check your needle to see if it is bent or worn.Replacement is the easiest test. Also check to see if there is a lot of lint build up in the bobbin area.It can be cleaned out with canned air. How long have you had your machine and how much have you used it? Without seeing the machine I'm guessing at possible causes of problems with the machine.Did you have any problem with the tension before this problem came up?
I suppose so. If you haven't already bought this, though, I'd recommend buying Aleene's OK To Wash It glue instead. Having tried both glues, I have a strong preference for the OK stuff....even if you weren't going to wash the drapes! : ) The FF glue is very runny, produces a stiff feel to the fabric and I didn't find that it stuck as well, although I may have used too much of it (this may have contributed to the stiffer feel, too). Good luck!
No. Aleene's Fabrfic Fusion is for fabric-to-fabric gluing. For metal to fabric I suggest you carefully brush on "DAP Weldwood Contact Cement" with a "Princeton Art & Brush Company '''6300B Bright"" Brush" onto each surface, wait for it to dry, then firmly press the metal piece (assuming it has a smooth surface) into place. The contact cement will not "squeeze out" onto the surface and it will hold like crazy. You need brush on only a thin film of the glue and wait for it to dry then press together. But this Contact Cement stinks to holy high heaven, so be sure your area is well ventilated as the glue's fumes are really strong. Here in Los Angeles, California, we can buy only 1-pint cans of it for about $8.00. Clean your brush with lacquer thinner but don't try to thin the glue with anything and keep the can tightly sealed. If after a long time the glue thickens in the can, then thin it out with the glue from a new can of it and stir with a wooden stick. You didn't say what the handbags are made of. If they are cloth then a heavier film of the contact cement will be needed to fill the fabric, but don't press it together until it has dried. For wood or leather a thin film will do fine.
You could use it to repair one not sure just how you want to use it. Are you talking about using it to hold all the seams together then I don't think it would work. I used it to put a 10 round patch on my jacket. It has held up very well and thru several washes.. Once you put on you are not going to get it off so make sure you are putting it exactly where you want. It will glue your fingers together.
I fully expect that the answer is "No!" I'm a chemist with some years of experience with adhesives. In order for that to work, you'd need a "delayed-action" adhesive, of the kind put onto meat labels.
It should. I like this product, but be careful not to use too much. It can get messy.
It dries clear but with a gloss
Yes you can attach patches with this.
Yes I used it to bond a heavy glass window to the inside of my convertible....it should definitely hold
Well, I never tried the tape before. This liquid would do the job but be really careful and don't use but a really small amount because if you get it in an are that you don't want shown, then you will not be able to get it out. Once the glue is there, it's there for life.
No
I'm not sure about that never tried, however, it works on jewelry... so it just might
I have never used it on painting panels--I used it to reattach metal decorations to fabric--which was easy and worked perfectly.
It is faster than placing them one by one but the glue dies not hold as well as hot fix especially if you run them through the washer and dryer. Thus glue tends to become quite tacky in water so much so that it sticks to itself every time you wash it. Still it holds better than any other glue of this type. The fastest way to do your design would be to get what they call transfer film. Get the type with the white textured backing because it peels off easier. You can get kits with this film in it at Joann fabrics. It comes with a nonstick clear silicone sheet. You place the silicone sheet over your design and place the rhinestones. Then you peel off the backing from the clear film which is a bit like a heat resistant packing tape with a sticky side and place this on your design to pick up your rhinestones pressing on it with your hand to get the flat part of the rhinestone to adhere. Then place the film on the garment place a pressing cloth over it preferably made of cotton to be heat tolerant and press with an iron until the rhinestones stick to the fabric and are released from the film. Then you can place the iron on the stones directly because they are glass but just press on them without sliding it across them and I also press them from the back to make sure they stick. Sometimes you could see the glue literally melting through the fabric. I usually place something under the garment to keep the glue off the ironing board.But if you don't have hot fix stones then you'll have to glue them with this glue.
I've used it on leather and even suede. It works very nicely. Sorry it took me forever to answer you.:)
absolutely NOT! It isn't at all strong enough to hold through weather. I would get the E600 if I were you. Hope that helps!
No it won't. I love Gem-Tac. It's good for any type of craft, cloth, cardstock, or whatever. Sorry it took so long to get back to you. I have been very sick.
yes you can ZipperStop Wholesale Authorized Distributor YKK
Yes you can use gem tac on rhinestones. It is permanent once it dries and it is safe for washing and drying
Yes, I dont see why you couldn't.
i don't know... I don't think so.. when it dries its mostly clear an hard to see...
No. It washes out.
It's super thick and would likely clog a spray bottle. I would say it's similar to Elmer's white craft glue. I applied it with one of those little foam black brushes. It goes on opaque but dries clear. Also, it takes time to dry (I gave it a full 24 hours) so you have time to shape and mold it before it stiffens.
I would stiffen the fabric before fusing them together.
Yes it can! Thanks
yes... it stiffens and protects.
It will work but since damp crepe paper bleeds it's color out you might have an issue with that. I think this is better suited to fabric, yarn and thread. However if you dilute it with water and work quickly the swirling colors might be a pretty cool effect. If you are trying to paint crepe paper onto glass or some other material I think modge podge or a shellac of some kind might be a better bet.
Nontoxic formula is safe and easy to use Use a damp cloth for cleanup Available in 16 oz. bottle
I never tried it but don't see why it wouldn't work. It can be washed out if you are not satisfied so worth trying.
It can be reused, but I would not suggest doing so, if you have diluted it, or if it has been contaminated by bits/fibers of whatever you're dipping into it.
Yes, it does. Goes on white, dries clear.
I think yes. Only need less water to dilute. I processed silk fabrics for silk flowers. After processing the tissue tough but flexible and not rustle.
yes
No it will flatten, it washes out.
I have never tried it on burlap, but I think ifyou put it on thick enough, or put it on several times, it should work. I gather the burlap will not be exposed to the outside elements.
I'm sorry, but I don't know.
At the present time we are not shipping internationally
Yes, Stiffy is thin enough to do this with. If you do, make sure that you clean out the sprayer when you are done., if not, it will clog.
I would not recommend this tool for pumpkin carving. The blades are too small & sharp- unless, of course, your daughter is maybe, say, a teenager- but teven so- these blades, if not exteremly careful- can produce quite the deep cut into a finger or hand. You would need to purchase a saw, if you continued to attempt to use them. They are blades ( small- -like the size of pen & ink nibs-) and the handle.
My cutter came in a purple color. I think the photo is off on the color.
It comes with five different sized blades to cut with. That they fit in the handle is a handy thing. It's a good starter set.
Yes, I reported the same problem. But I have not thought yet how to solve it. May be, if you use some metal file and round somwhat the insertion sides of the cutters, they possibly can go easier into the handle. I have not tried it yet myself.
Yes you can cut midfield but just keep in mind the speedball blades are more ment for carving out details and studd cuz the blade is small
Yes
One handle, fits all blades. Storage inside handle when not in use.
I have not purchased replacement blades yet, but when you click on the trimmer there are these blades which Amazon says are frequently bought together. http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-196750-1001-TripleTrack-Replacement-Carriages/dp/B00161SACW/ref=pd_bxgy_ac_text_y http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-01-001555J-Portable-Trimmer-Replacement/dp/B0017KWJ2Y/ref=pd_bxgy_ac_text_z I hope this helps.
The unit knife will travel 12 1/4 inches from edge to edge.
Yes there is a barrier. The guide is hinged at the top and bottom of the cutter and the paper needs to fit within that space.
I bought the Fiskars 01-001555J, Portable Paper Trimmer Replacement Triple Track Blades, 2-Pack. You just pop the old blade out and stick this one right in, so changing the blade takes less than 5 seconds.
I think it would be a challenge to cut through laminated cardboard, but no prblem with laminated paper.
I don't believe so. You need a trimmer that uses a rotary blade. This is not that style.
It cuts very well provided your volume of trimming is modest. If you plan to trim medium to high volumes of card stock, you may want to consider a trimmer with a rotary blade.
When I got mine I lined a line on a sheet of paper up with the grove for the blade and it stayed right on the line
No
yes it will with room to spare. measures 12 one way and 15 the other. great machine. thanks jen
I work with a compressor Neiko.
Not sure ..paint could be to thick or compressor may not be turned up enough. I am having a similar problem with my gravity feed one haven't tried my airbrush with the cup.
No it's not
Somewhat. You would still need to clear the system with either water or some type of solvent, depending on the type of paint you were using.
Unfortunately you do but you can pick one up for about 25-55 dollars that's small and will do the job just fine. I really liked this airbrush kit. I hope this help, happy Thanksgiving!
No compressor comes with the kit
Never had to use them around water how ever since you asked I stuck a nickel in one sealed it and plucked it water, it stayed dry remember they run small you can get about two to three nickels stacked in them I used them for earrings I making and storing craft beads hope this help.
Im not sure ive not had anyone complain to me about them n I sell alot of them on my auctions hope that helps ...you may have to google the company ...
It would be very difficult, I would go with true 1 1/2 by 1 1/2
They are very easy to open and seal. They seal really tight also. They don't come attached to that board as the picture shows either. They come connected at the tab so that two bags are attached together at the opening. It's more convenient that way also because it keeps them organized. Hope this answers your question. I have bought them again so that tells you I find them very good quality.
No holes at all bottom but the top of zip there little tiny hole if you put too much in it will make a hole yes. Also this is worth it
I am not sure what mil they are. But they are very sturdy and more than capable of being reused multiple times. They are thicker than the snack bag plastic of Ziplock, but not as thick as the storage bags.
I'm sure it would but you might find that you'd need to paint the entire sofa so it blends. I doubt it would be an exact match but you never know. Even if it wasn't an exact match it might appear better than the sun spot so make work just fine to do one area.
Yes, our Upholstery Paint will work on any outdoor fabric that can absorb water. The best use we've seen is spraying outdoor furniture, awnings, umbrellas, and patio cushions!
I think it would it is a dye so it may bleed into what is underneath.
I don't think so. I used it on a light tan cushion and it did not cover well.
I'm not sure if this would work as the spray is more of a dye than a paint. I worry that you wouldn't get the color you want.
Used correctly and with great care, this will work very well on leather.
Yes
That depends on what you are airbrushing. Illustration and graphic design work needs 20-30 PSI, Iwata Sprint Jet IS-800, or Iwata Smart Jet IS-850. For TeeShirt work 30-40 PSI, Iwata Prower Jet Series IS-925, IS-975, IS-900 or Silentaire Scorpion Series I and II. Just remember you need to consider the PSI of the compressor, Cosmetics, Tanning, Hobbies/Models, fingernail Painting and bakery will need 10-18 PSI Illustration, graphic and detail work will need 20-30 PSI Tee Shirt and other garment painting and Spray guns need 40-60 PSI. Reggie with Dixie Art & Airbrush
There is an Iwata hologram sticker on the end of box that the airbrush came in.
Nope, the container isn't detachable
0.2 I think mine is
Screw in back limits needle travel. It stops you from accidentally pulling to far back on the trigger and blasting paint all over your artwork. The chucking nut "cutout" is there to allow you to easily pull back on the whole needle assembly and clear out any clogs of paint. I personally do not use either one very much.
Not if it is purchased from a Japanese seller.
Hello, 180mm (L), 115mm (W), 35mm (D) 273 Grams.
You can use it for automotive paints and pretty much anything that you can spray provided you clean it properly and a stencil, although having nothing to do with an airbrush, can be used with any paint, ink or varnish. Hope that helps you, It's a very sturdy yet delicate tool.
I just measured the airhose I use with this airbrush . The hose itself is 1/4 inch, with the screw end of the hose measuring almost half an inch wide.
Yes its the hp_plus I have this airbrush and it's awesome
Length when table extension down = 31 inches. Length when table extension up = 51 inches. depth = 19 inches height = 29 1/2 inches from floor including wheels
No, they are built to be on the right and the leaf is on the left.
It is MDF. The table is pretty sturdy- holds my machine fine. The wheel casters are pretty flimsy though, I may replace mine with something stronger.
it is a very reliable table for most users I don't thiik it would hold up under hard professional type use
I did not have any assembly problems. All my parts fit properly.
The table is 29 inches high with the casters, and it is 28 inches without them.
GOOD QUESTION! OK - I just measured it, and the work surface is 29 1/2" high. Note that this is on carpet, but I don't think we'd see significant difference on a wood floor.
It's more of an apple green leaning toward moss. Not lime green at all.
2 days. Very pleased.
I received the above noted color and they are a bright grass green/spring green color in person.
lol, its lower on the page... Product Dimensions: 9.2 x 1.3 x 13.5 inches ; 13.6 ounces Shipping Weight: 15.2 ounces (View shipping rates and policies) Shipping: This item is also available for shipping to select countries outside the U.S. ASIN: B0018MK8CY Item model number: 92AP3025 Average Customer Review: 4.4 out of 5 stars See all reviews (34 customer reviews) Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #10,246 in Arts, Crafts & Sewing (See Top 100 in Arts, Crafts & Sewing) #19 in Arts, Crafts & Sewing &gt; Painting &gt; Palettes & Palette Cups &gt; Palettes
No, no metal parts. The lid has hinges that you click closed. The entire lid lifts straight off. It may just be mine but the paint dries out quickly. My friend has one and does not have the problem I do. She loves hers! Hope this helps!
If you have or use a water absorbent paper with it and spray before you close it up it will stay workable for weeks! You must spray with water before closing it up however.
I'm currently using it for watercolor.
This makes it easier to clean up the palette, when the paint has dried on it. Once oil paint has dried then it's no longer of any use.
This is a hard-shell plastic and I've had no problems with scratching. Most acrylics and oils will peel off when dried. I haven't had to scrape it at all, if it doesn't peel rinse it under hot water and then it will. Good luck, I love mine!
Product Dimensions: 9.2 x 1.3 x 13.5 inches ; 13.6 ounces
Its ok, but I wouldn't buy another one, any odd thing you have at home with a lid would do the same. The paint does NOT peel right off, it comes off ok, but not like it says, cheaper and easier to use a cheap container ( with a lid ) until you have finished with the paint then throw it away. Happy painting. OOps, as for Acrylics, I don't use them so I can't answer that.
Unfolded the board is 36" x 68".
It's corrugated cardboard about a quarter inch thick.
No, because it is just cardboard. But I went out to my Menards And or hardware store and bought a large Piece of Clear Plexi Glass to put over it. It works fine that way with a rotary cutter.
I looked at all the boards, then decided on the Dritz Superboard. My wife says it is the best board she has ever used. The design, the printed lines, and its strength make the Superboard an exceptionally good value. She has used "serviceable" cheaper boards before, but she is very happy with the Superboard.
Yes. I use it for all kinds of patterns.
I would say yes. I personally had a few layers of shoe polish on different leathers. Liquid and paste. However, after I used the Tandy die, I still went over THAT with polish, and it came out absolutely like new. Beautiful and shiny! Hope that helps.
Not much of a difference. It worked on my black leather jacket. I believe the coating helps with weather protection as well.
I think fabric dyes and leather dyes are different.
An entire sofa??? The dye absolutely will NOT rub off! However, you might want to try Goodwill... Good luck.
United States marine corp... Just a color name. Nubuck, yes, waterproof ? You may need to cut the waterproofing with lacquer thinner or a light sand paper. It's an acid dye that absorb well into the leather. And is a deep black in color
As far as I know , black is black. The U.S.M.C. black may produce a more glossy surface.
Can't remember the directions,but it was easy. Bought the black from Tandy Leather and it works really well.
It "might" rub off but somehow I doubt it. Test it on a scrap piece of leather- the cost to buy it is minimal, what do you lose? You might apply two coats, then use a leather cleaner or saddle soap. It won't rub off after that.
Hi, I have researched online to see what others are saying about 505 washing out and this quote by Patsy Thompson @ The Quilt Show web site seems to cover it all. I love the 505 because it doesn't have a strong odor and I always wash my quilts after they are done. It feels and looks fine after I am done. Here is the information from Patsy Thompson: Patsy Thompson Video & Spray Basting by annlp Sun Feb 14, 2010 5:57 pm I have been spray basting for 12 years now, ever since the sprays first became common and I use them exclusively for all my quilts and no pins at all. In my opinion they hold every square inch of the quilt to the batting & back, something that isn't true for either pin or thread basting. Pins also add a considerable amount of weight to a quilt sandwich. I use Sullivan's spray but I have also used 505 with good results. Like any other product we add to our quilts, i.e. fusible web, paint,starch, sizing, etc., you may have better results if your fabric was washed before making the quilt. The factory sizing can act like teflon in some circumstances. Yes, spray adhesive is a chemical you are adding to your quilt, but all the fabric we buy and all the other products we use are loaded with chemicals and it seems arbitrary to start objecting to spray baste. All the chemicals in fabric is one good reason to pre-wash all your fabric. I do iron the back smooth after I get the whole thing basted, it seems to help adhere the adhesive better. It is easy to reposition during this process and afterward if need be. I am confident that the adhesive does wash out, not only from my own testing on quilts but the results from washing the old sheet I sometimes use when I need to spray a top or backing on the garage floor when the weather is bad. I am adamant about spraying outside, no one needs adhesive in their lungs or on their furnishings. I spray the wrong side of the back, bring it in and pin it to the floor or up on my design wall. Smooth the batting over, then spray the wrong side of the top outside and bring it in and place it over the batting. I dislike spraying the batting because the loft of the batting seems to require more spray to hold and that can result in gummy needles. I work for Possibilities and probably quilt 1-2 quilts a week at work, all spray basted and then come home to my own quilting, so I do have a good deal of experience with spray!
1 1/2 queen quilts. It makes it a little pricey but well worth it as the quilt will stay basted virtually forever, so there's no rush to finish the quilting. I just quilted one that I basted 2 years ago.
It seems to stay tacky. I have things that have been sitting almost a year waiting for me to quilt it, and it still pulls apart and can be repositioned. Hope this helps
There are currently 15 sellers attached to this listing . . .the majority will arrive at your home within a week. If one seller says it ships in one or two months, obviously you pick a different seller. I received mine two days after the order was placed.
It stays sticky for a while. When I quilt, keeps all three layers together, and with all the manipulations it has never come apart. It is water soluble so any moisture could disolve it. Hope this helps
I can't see why this would be a problem. There is no odor soon after use, no noticeable thickening of the material. Use a light, evenly applied spray, and be prepared to wash oversprayed surfaces...they become sticky.
It has worked for me. I've even used it for leather applique's and trim.
My wife is the one that uses this. She uses this for fusing two fabrics together for quilting. She says that she does not have any problems with gumming up her needles or with sticky residue when using this product. She explains that there are particular stabilizers for embroidery. She says that you should speak with a sewing machine shop/embroidery specialty shop as to the proper stabilizer for embroidery. She is assuming that you are using the stabilizer with machine embroidery.
I have used it in my basement with no special ventilation. You are not using very much at a time so I donot see a probl at all.
contains:Nonvolatile components: DimethylEther (115-106) Insobutane (75-28-5), Propane (74-98-6), ECC: Trade Secret Registry Pending) Ref: 43124 Danger: Extremely flammable. Vapors may cause flash fire. Contents under pressure. DO NOT puncture incinerate (burn) container. DO NOTstore at temperaturesover 120 F. Keep away from all sourc of heat. NEVER use in confined areas or areas with little or no air movement.......................HTH
Very easy to do, tedious, so I had my grandson do it for me. Saves wear on your fingers too.
Went to their website - "Attaches to #1 Steel, #2 Steel, #1 Curved Steel, #2 Curved Steel Safety Pins" .
Yes. They work on straight and curved.
I believe there were 200 in the pack.
The general specific gravity of cured epoxy resin is about 1.3. It is heavier than water and will not float. You could include some air bubbles in the casting to achieve more displacement. There are agents like Cabosil that you can add to lower the SG, but they will effect the transparency.
Yes
2 should do... 32oz
I do it all the time! Absolutely!!!
I personally have never tried that but I have seen this product - Resin Craft Surface Coat Spray - Fast drying, clear gloss finish/sealer. Ideal for fixing small blemishes in cured resin pieces. I would be interested to see if that works. It is from Environmental Technology.
After 6 months of having mine it would not set up either. You also have to mix it for 3 minutes. It has to be mixed very well or it won't set.
If you have tried using a hair dryer on it to try to get it to harden, I would say you either have to start over, or try mixing another small batch and pouring over what you have, sometimes it will work and harden up. Make sure your measuring, stirring correctly and the room temp and resin temp is warm enough, if too cold won't cure.
Yes. You can use the following: Castin'Craft Transparent Dyes: These universal dyes can be used with Castin' Craft Clear Polyester Casting Resin and Easy'Cast Clear Casting Epoxy. Transparent Dyes are available in 1oz. containers with drop dispenser. Castin'Craft Opaque Pigments: These universal opaque pigments can be used with Castin' Craft Clear Polyester Casting resin and EasyCast Clear Casting Epoxy. Secondary colors such as orange and purple are easy to create by blending two or more pigments. A color blending chart is included in ETI's "Easy Cast Resin Knobs" book. Castin'Craft Opaque Pigments are available in 1 oz. containers with drop dispenser.
I would say yes to the first two as long as you don't live in Arizona or the desert somewhere. And the abrasion part, I would say no seeing as I file down the edges of the coasters I make with ease.
No mask required.
Two or three, depends on the letter
On one side, yes.
The bumpy side. I believe it indicates this on the instructions.
I just uploaded photos. Check customer images of the product of both sheets. I have not used them. Depending on how fast Amazon approves it for posting, check back in a day or two if the photos are available. See how many of each character are there. Different for each so feel free to look for yourself.
I purchased the Scent Free and yes, it is scent free
I had to buy a spray bottle. I let Amazon know but they haven't changed the picture.
Same for me - I thought it was supposed to have a spray nozzle, but mine just had a normal cap.
In my opinion, I don't think this will be strong enough for your intended purpose.
It's clear... looks like water.
not at all, this is the greatest stuff on earth. NO WHITE FLAKES either.
I haven't tried that.. but I can tell you it is very strong.. you can sand it with a power sander and it doesn't break up.. Hope this helps.. :)
It is much more than needed.
Assuming there is no major shrinkage/expansion from the resin setting (and assuming I didn't just stupid all over the math), I think you'd need about 57 of these containers to do that. The math (feel free to correct any stupids you find): 32 ounces = 57.75 in^3 (Volume of the bottle) 3ft = 36 in. 5ft = 60 in. 36in x 60in = 2160 in^2 (area of your coffee table top) 2160 in^2 x 1.5 in = 3240 in ^3 (Volume of your 1.5in coffee table top) 3240 / 57.75 = 56.104 containers.
I sprayed mine with polyurethane to cover up some mess ups.. worked out real well... so I assume you could paint it as well..
Yes, the resin can be stored in it's can once opened. Be sure to close the lid tight.
This would be enough for 2 to 3 castings, I'm guessing you have some sort of casting material (plaster of paris,or latex would be a couple of good options,the latex you might get more than one pour to that mold) for your mold, as you cannot use this on skin
No. Mix about 7-10 drops of catalyst (the hotter it is outside, the less you use) into about 3 cups of resin. I cast many live plants and they are always fine :-)
Although I've never tried it, the final hardened plastic is almost just as hard as regular plastic. At least, it can withstand polishing depending on its density.
No
When you add the hardener, mixture will be thin. Wait a few minutes but keep an eye on it. It thickens and you literally only have a short time to work with it. I suggest working in small quantities. Highly suggest doing an experiment first.
There were 13 in the box I received.
1
I don't know either. If there were 8 or 10 it would be a pretty good deal. Just wondering why it isn't marked. Could it be one wreath for $37.21?
I only received one. I would not buy again.
This wreath was a dissapointment i wouldnt waste my money!!
Yes, acrylic paints can be used on fabric. The key is to not try to get too heavy of a coat at once. Do a couple of thin coats and allow some dry time between coats. Happy Decorating!
I wouldn't think so; not water proof or weather proof.
I have never used them for outdoor projects. Once dry it takes a lot to get rid of acrylic paint, so my guess is it will last you for a while, but just to be sure you could put a layer of clear outdoor paint on top of it.
Absolutely
you can butit will peel off unless you put a polyurethane on top of that
Matte
Yes, but wear will cause adhesion to fail.
If you put a polyurethane on top.
for a friend who is a wood crafter as she was close to running out of Black. She has never indicated that their are different shades and I have got this on a couple of occasions. Good Luck
My machine is on top of the table and it works fine. The sides of the Slider just cling to the side and back of my machine. It is suggested that you tape the sides and back down so the quilt doesn't pull it up. This is not an issue with me because I do small work. Hope this helps.
It works just fine . . .the BSR is no problem because it works on top of the quilt, not below where the Slider is. I use my slider with the BSR attached and without.
I haven't used it enough to tell you, sorry.
Yes it does!
I have used the Slider on a machine which also would not allow for the feed dogs to drop, and it worked fine. Set your stitch length to Zero, and the feed dogs will go up and down, but not back and forth. Also, older machines often have a plate that clips onto the needle plate to cover the feed dogs. I have one that is plastic for my Babylock Companion that just snaps into place over the needle plate. I also have a metal one that screws in for my vintage Singers. With the Supreme Slider in place, this isn't necessary however. The feed dogs will merely move against the bottom. This causes some discoloration, but no damage.
This is not a cutting mat; it's a more of a Teflon coated sheet for machine quilting. The 8.5 in X 11 in surface allows fabric to glide around the sewing machine area easily. There is also Queen Size that is 11.5 in X 17 in.
Hi. It depends on the fabric you are using not the sewing machine. Maybe this can help you. http://www.singerco.com/sewing-resources/machine-needles http://www.sewitworks.com/needle-guide/fabric-needle-thread/
I'm not familiar with your machine but sewing machine needles are pretty universal.
I'm sorry that I can't help you much; I haven't tried using that type of thread with any needle. I believe that embroidery needles have wider eyes, and top-stitching needles have longer eyes than the denim needles (which are designed primarily to penetrate heavy fabrics.) One of those might work better for you. Good luck!
I don't know the answer to your question, but I believe most needles now are universal, for most sewing machines.
I'm only able to explain what's written on the packages: Style 2026, blue shank (heavy duty for denim fabrics) Purple shoulder size 100/16 C denim, leather, & other heavy duty fabrics Style 2020, silver shank Silver shoulder size 110/18 C denim, duck, drapery, ticking, woolens, & corduroy From the above, it does seem that 100/16 is a stronger & thicker needle.
Sewing machine needles are pretty much universal. This one is good for heavier fabrics - not just denim.
Are you heat setting the powder? It worked great for me.
One suggestion is that after applying your re-ink liquid, rubber band the lid tight and store it upsidedown. The Frugal Crafter has a youtube video on Glycerin 101; she uses it on her inkpads. She uses vegetable glycerin. Try watching her for hints on saving money.
I think this question was meant to be sent to the manufacturer/seller, not me.
I believe that Crystal is clear and the AB has the iridescent coating on them - has a pinkish, golden sparkle to them. Here is some info I found online - Crystal (often known as Crystal Clear) is completely colorless. A Crystal (clear) bead is completely transparent. On a Crystal (clear) rhinestone, you can clearly see the foil on the back. Crystal AB, on the other hand, uses the same base stone or bead, but has an added coating which reflects many different colors, primarily gold, blue and pink. The AB look pretty on stage but some costumes work better with the clear.
Hi there. If you are in the USA I will not charge for shipping.
They are not pre-glued. I used E6000 glue from hobby lobby to glue them onto fabric and other surfaces.
None that I know of most have a silver or copper or glue side
I am not sure. I bought them for a competitive dance costume to adhere with e6000 glue. The quality was awful!!!!
For the whole thing I would think at least 100
Hi Lisa, Shipping is free with LK-Crafts seller.
I'm sure you can as long as you put a small amount on the bottom. There are swarovski rhinestones that are made for fabric application. You should search for "hotfix rhinestones". To my understanding they come with a heat activated adhesive on the flat back portion of the stone. Hopefully this helps you.
5mm is 20ss. Good luck!
Hello I do not experience it (silhouette cameo) Bazzles device goes a beautiful but not as I want it printed accurately about but go well if I learned most settings suitable for cutting
yes, it will have the cutter, software, blade holder and mat. once you have it you do need to get on the internet and run "updates" on the software and machine. For additional questions you can also go to PazzlesInspiration on Yahoo groups: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/pazzlesinspiration/ or Pazzles.net
Yes. You can use this cutter to create puzzles. You'll have to either find and purchase a puzzle file or have patience and create your own. It will cut through chipboard (light weight) with a few passes without issue.
I think it would cut the thin craft foam but not sure about adhesive foam. I have never attempted it. There is a Yahoo forum about the Pazzles Inspiration. I'm sure someone on there would be able to answer this question.
I'm not sure what the question is, but I've gotten my Inspiration to cut thin chipboard - slightly thicker than a cereal box, matte finish - but have not been successful getting it to cut the thick chipboard (1/8" thick). Thin chipboard may take two passes to cut it.
I use mine to cut watercolor paper up to 130 lb (but I don't have any heavier watercolor paper), chipboard, and I even cut 1/16" thick acrylic, although it took several passes. I rarely cut anything thinner than cardstock, simply because I don't need to, but I did cut construction paper a few times. The file folder won't give you any trouble at all. I use the smooth cardstock setting on mine to cut it. The best way I've found to find the right setting is to use some small scraps (3 x 3 or 2 x 2) on the mat and cut a small square 1/2 x 1/2 at the recommended setting. If it doesn't come up easily, try a heavier pressure by 1 or 2 points. If that doesn't work, I try the next blade depth but with the pressure moved back down. The thin chipboard cuts very easily with the thick cardstock setting, for me. The chipboard setting is more for the 2mm thick stuff, not the thinner stuff.
Mine only came with the cutting tool. I had to buy the embosser and other tools seperately.
Yes
If I were to venture a guess I would say yes as you can tighten the blade housing to accommodate some width adjustment. On the other hand, I would not recommend it.
I don't know. My guess would be no, but you could go to the Pazzles website and ask - they are very good at answering questions very quickly. I think that the felt would slip before you were done cutting, but they might actually have a fix for that, and they may also test it and let you know.
The sleeve comes in one long length that you cut to fit your quilt. I don't remember how many feet of tube were in the package, but I hung 2 small wall quilts and had some left over. it's a decent product. You could make the sleeve yourself, but this is MUCH easier if you are busy.
The package I got was plenty long, the package said 3 yards and that's about right. I didn't measure but used it on a lap quilt and there was a lot left over.
These do have to be sewn onto the back of the quilt. Sorry.
Yes they are very easy to use. Get out of package, iron them ,pin to quilt or wall hanging. I sew them on by hand.
No. It is not hollow!
1
One
Price per ball. They're kinda expensive.
If I remember correctly that is the price for one ball.
Water is all you need. The paints are excellent, very diluted or used thickly. I find the pigment is very rich and goes a long way even though the tubes are so small. I hope that the manufacturer will very soon make much bigger tubes of their paint!
The time it takes a watercolor painting to dry depends on a number of things; such as how saturated with water the watercolor paper paper is that you are using. The wetter it is the longer it will take to dry. It also depends on the technique that you are using for your artwork/craft project. Will the artwork be a "hard-edge" technique? If so, it shouldn't take long for the artwork to dry. An hour is plenty of time. Again, it all depends on how wet the paper is.
Yes, in my opinion they are lasting and quality colors.
I purchased the Reeves watercolor set with 18 different colors, so I don't know if I can help you. Your set may not include tubes of different shades or values of specific colors. For example, my set has three greens; permanent green light, viridian hue and sap green. It also has two yellow values, two red and two blue values. I would think the company would have included all the primary and secondary colors in your set and mine has the primary, secondary and tertiary colors. Plus white and black in both sets. Look at it this way, if you have already purchased the set of ten colors, this is a great way to learn color mixing, which is very important for an artist to learn.
Yes. This is the canvas I use: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004VLLC3S/
Sorry, I cannot help you with your question. I am a beginner that just has fun painting. This kit works perfect for me.
Eyelets do not. If you want the same kind of finished look on both sides look into grommets.
What I can tell you is that its a very strong tool. You can punch through chipboard. Although I have never done 5 sheets I would think it could handle it just fine. Give it a try and if you don't like it send it back. I love my Crop-a Dile.
while the big bite crop-a-dile is a fantastic tool, and it will set grommlets and brads and snaps it is not the kind of snap you would replace in a man's pants altho the crop-a-dile will cut a nice hole through fabric, tin ,cardboard even canvas but the snaps you get with this tool is weak not sturdy like a snap in clothing. you would need a hammer and punch to set this type of snap. also there is a snap tool carried by walmart in the sewing section for about 16 dollars or so but their is www.althafastener.com. where for less than ten dollars you can get the anvil punch and hammer to set your snap very easily or hey why not check out amazon they have everything i love amazon good luck to you pammypurple
Yes it can. There is a part at the toptop shown in black that can rotate to accommodate other brads that have to be pressed. I really like this tool for It's ability to make holes in the center of the page.
The big bite has more abilities that the crop-a-dile does.
Clean hole.
1/3 inch and 1/8 inch
yes, it changes sizes.
I can email them to you
It is perfect
Fraycheck will likely work as well on organza as any other fabric, but it usually turns the fabric darker where the glue is applied, so if you're doing it in a visible spot, be careful. Also, once the glue hardens, the applied edge will be stiffer, another thing to take into account with a sheer fabric like organza. And if you only treat a narrow edge of it, watch out for two things: A. The glue may soak up higher than you anticipated in organza (since most fabrics are a lot thicker; I've noticed it tends to soak up quite high if I'm not careful with satin ribbon), and B. the organza may rip if pressure is applied above that edge (once the glue is dry), since organza is so sheer. Hope this helps.
Fray Check hardens a bit when exposed to air. When it's dry on fabric, it is a little stiff. But it has remained a liquid in the bottle for several months, and is reusable.
As a chemist, super glue and no fray are different chemically. I use no fray to stop a small hole from fraying and getting bigger on clothing or a seam from fraying more. Sometimes it appears slightly darker, but gets lighter as it drys. Test on a hidden area first like the directions say, and allow it to dry long enough. It does hold up for years, even with multiple washings. It easily washes off with soap and water if you get it on your hands, unlike the cyanoacrylate in super glue.
According to the bottle, it contains n-Propanol, Nylon Terpolymers, and water. (Whatever those are.) Extremely flammable, and keep out of reach of children. Also evaporates at the drop of a hat, so you need to keep it closed tightly, and use it within a reasonable time-frame. If you have any other questions, it's made in U.S.A for Prym, 950 Brisack Rd., Spartanburg, SC 29303 (www.dritz.com), they might be willing to answer. Good luck!
The best thing to do is to take a needle and thread and pull the hole together the best you can. You could then take the fray check from the back and add a little to prevent further damage. The fray check dries clear but would cause the yarn to be stiff, so you wouldn't want to use it on the outside of the sweater. It should not hurt the wool. Still worth a try if you are careful and really like that sweater.
I personally would hesitate to use it on ribbon. it wouldn't last very long. It's great for cross stitch fabrics because you will frame them and there isn't that much wear. I use it myself for cross stitch only though. I hope this helps.
No, this is for fabric threads.
I haven't tried it on chiffon, but I have tried it on other scarf like fabric. It does make it hard and will make a spot.
Yes I've done it once and it's what most of the women use on YouTube to deal the wefts on tracks
It's a little less than half an inch wide maybe. Quite narrow. Sorry I don't have it with me to measure it.
No there is not.
Yes, please call us 212-239-3695
No, there is no way to do that.
No
not sure how to answer that...i guess it could crunch after it got stiff....it is like super glue except not as fast drying...it use it on the ends of my serger stitches and it works great...but it is stiff when it drys, but since it is in the inside of my stuff, no one has complained...i make pet pillows
I use it to hemp my pants. It drys clear and is very flexible. I hope this helps.
No it will not work on leather. I would try something like Shoe Glue for that. You can find that at a hardware store.
I used to be a Girl Scout troop leader. I've tried everything, and honestly sewing is the only thing that lasts. Patches are too thick for any sort of fabric glue to work.
Do not buy. It is difficult to squeeze out of tube and i have to use a paint brush. Also, the white glue eventually shows through if used on black fabric.
&lt;1mm
This stuff is pretty weak, and only really adheres to paper. I'd go with the Aleene's brand: http://www.amazon.com/Aleenes-29133-Tacky-Double-Stick-Sheets/dp/B005572IG2
It should be good for holding just about any paper to just about any other. My only reservation is that it's a bit pricey, so I save it for special projects. Most of the time, I use Scotch double-sided tape.
I wouldn't recommend it. It's not transparent enough.
what I got was double sticky sided paper and yes it clear.
Yes, it is clear.
The mat itself in not a magnet. It has a metal layer in it and you use these little peg magnets to hold things in place. Also, the "self healing" surface is not very durable. I've found that out as I make more and more cuts - the surface has started to peal off in some areas, and that's with very light use. I think the "iFixit" mat might be what you're looking for (http://www.amazon.com/iFixit-IF145-167-1-Magnetic-Project-Mat/dp/B00876JHBM/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1362157639&sr=8-3&keywords=magnetic+work+mat)
What kind of glue? Glues like Elmers or a tacky glue like Alene's can be cleaned with water because they're water based. With other types of glues, I would contact the company that manufactured the mat.
No, it has metal inside the mat.
Tiny fabric, or quilting cuts? Maybe. But if you're thinking about long lengths? Not a chance. The magnets aren't that strong.
Yes, entirely.
About a 100 pcs.
This is for a 3/16" punched hole. The collar diameter is 5/16". The finished hole size is 1/8".
one piece. rollover
Yes. You could probably google the actual washing instructions for the fabric. At my house, I machine wash cold and line dry. Three teenage boys, lots of wear from wet swimsuits and towels ... If you're going to make your own project remember to buy UV thread!!!
This is yardage fabric not a tablecloth.
We ordered about 10 yards and it came in a single bolt of 10 yards.
This is Sunbrella Indoor / Outdoor upholstery fabric. I'm not sure what your question is?
Not a math major but first you need to decide if they are going to be box cushions- more fabric - and if you are going to cover cording to use in the seams -more fabric - google making cushions or something similiar and you will probably find your answer
Kerry, This fabric is 54 wide and is sold by the yard. I think you would need 2 yards to allow for some overhang. You will have some extra fabric
I don't know as I just had an alterations make dining room slipcovers for inside my beach house. I bought extra so she could make two extra slipcovers in case a renter tore one
It is about as flexible as denim. Not sure I could recommend it for clothing. It's made for outdoor upholstery.
I don't see why not. The fabric is made for outdoor use, as are most Sunbrella fabrics. I chose it for its durability and, after more than three years, it has performed wonderfully.
The price is per yard.
I love this little sharpener! I use it on all my scissors and have always been pleased with the results. I use it on my fabric shears and I have used it on the scissors I use to trim my hair (although not a professional hairstylist have done my own as well as friends' and family members hair for many years). It does a good job but you might want to use it in-between professional sharpening, which you will probably still want to do, but may not have to do as often.
Hi Blanca, I had to go try it before I could answer. My manicure scissors are very small, come to a sharp point and the blades are probably only 1/2" in length. No, these small scissors will not fit into this sharpener.
Works very well. I am a seamstress and use it often.
sorry, I threw mine away, it didn't work for me, and I couldn't bother returning it
Fiskars sharpener works with small scissors but it is too big to use with something as small as cuticle scissors.
We have several different brands of scissors and for us it works great. We had one that got lost in a move, and luckily we found one on Amazon.
I Personal Did Not Find This Useful at ALL! I used It Several Times on Different Type Scissors & Saw No Value ! It Did Not Cost enough toMake it worth Returning.I just Tossed It.I Did Lean this Sort of Sharpening Sissors was (for Me A WASTE of Money) !
I believe it is made in The USA but i love mine and it works really well I even use it to sharpen my knives
It can be flipped. Top is two piece. Back is painted solid green.
I'm not sure...I don't have any of the die cast tracks to compare it too. They are the wooden kind if that helps. Really though, with this table you won't need to add any more track. The ones it comes with is plenty and fills the whole table up. My son also has the Thomas tracks...which aren't compatible but we just play with those on the side. It's an awesome train table, my son loves it! (He's 3)
I bought a different version a couple years ago, and yes, what you see is what you get, it came with everything as in the photo for us 2 yaers ago.
I believe there are atleast 3, possibly 4 trains. The ambulance, firetruck and bulldozer also fit on the track they can drive around the track too!
That happened to us the first time we assembled the tracks. I suggest re-assemble it as you might have use the wrong track. I kniw the tracks all look similAr. All cars should fit under the bridge. Good luck.
It has, 100?, pieces which includes trains. It really is worth the price. Amazon has a separate pack of trains that I bought too, but I think there are now too many on the table!
I bought these when I bought the table "12 Pcs Wooden Engines & Train Cars Collection fits Thomas, Brio, Chuggington" and we also have a couple of Thomas the Train pieces. Probably if the trains are made for wooden track they will work with this track.
No unfortunately - they are a little bit wide for the Thomas trains
Once the track is in place and connected, it stays pretty well intact. There is some wiggle room but for the most part the trains glide nicely along the track. However, after some time my son will start to use some pretty big trucks to play demolition man and collapse the beautifully intricate track I designed. :) I don't think you would want a method to secure the track in one place. Its a lot of fun coming up with new routes to surprise my little one!
Yes
The top of the work surface is exactly 28 inches high where I have mine set. There is some adjustment for height but even at the highest setting 36 inches is the max you can get out of it. I have been using this desk for about 18 months now for my main work station for doing watch repair and scale aircraft modeling. I purchased a very nice office desk chair to go with it that has an adjustable height and I am 100% pleased. The surface top is huge with more than enough room to spread projects out on without knocking them off the table. It has proven to be a very stable work surface for my needs. At only 28 inches it does not sound like what you are looking for though. The surface does tilt up from the back but absolutely no way you could use it standing up unless you are about three feet tall.
Hope this helps, I sit at the desk. I use it primarily for art and so the most important feature for me is the tilt. Adjusting the angle of tilt is very easy. I am on the lowest level when it is flat it's just like a regular desk. So your laptop would be fine. After this level there are two more which would probably do for your stand up desk. It's a good desk for the price. As I said hope it helps.
I'm not sure what a "reliner" is but the inside of the tubular frame is 20.75".
It's about 40" x 24".
Laminated particle-board but durable
It depends on how much one tilts the table. Most draftsmen tape their drawings to the table to ensure they stay in the same place.
I believe so! Every year or two any table will start to wobble. This desk has a hex wrench for installing the table. Keep it around in your artbin for future tighting and maintance.
I'd say it's a 30-degree tilt. Definitely not 30 inches.
Hi Hilary - My hubby built it in not much time at all. It was missing a piece and that stopped us from using it for a day but then we worked it out and it's complete now. If you find yourself handy it's probably no worse than IKEA stuff.
need more information Matt. What is it that you would like to know about the desk? "water color" is really not a question?
You can adjust the height rather easily, no extra person needed!
Yes
It is wood veneer. general frame structure is good and wheels make moving easy. overall only 2 points of concern. 1. the physical size of the desk wooden surface is small. would have preferred something bigger. 2. the mechanism that allows for tilting the top is cheap.
The table top is 40" by 24" (inches)
i use sitting position, but the table is adjustable and I think it's possible to work standing.
Nope, it frays very lightly at the edges, but we used as an appliqu, so it looked okay. Sticks like crazy.
I don't know about felt, but I would think so. Our son has been in scouts since he was 11. He is now working on his Eagle project. Thermoweb has been perfect for his badges, and has weathered his many outings and abuse. (Plus, Amazon's price is by far the best we found compared to Walmart and Michael's.)
You can use goof off to clean the scissors. In future, fiskars make a scissor that is coated with teflon. Those will work better, but will likely need to be cleaned anyway.
Absolutely, Yes!
You have to put the garmet into the dryer for several minutes to activate the adhesive and that may damage the lamination or the picture.
Maybe- I used this to adhere patches to a vest, so I know that it adheres well to cloth.
Hi, I'm a Den Leader and have used this on my personal Scout shirt. I believe there will be a film left on your son's shirt once it is removed. When I had boys in the program, I took the time to sew them on so the shirts could be passed on.
Radio Shack has what you need
No, not really. This machine is really limited and not worth purchasing. Go the extra money and get a real serger. I learned the hard way == you get what you pay for.
This is an overlock machine. The main difference between this one and most overlock machines is that the tiny serger does not have a knife that trims away excess seam allowance, and it doesn't have differential feed. It really is almost a toy machine, and most people would be better off if they spent the same money on a good used serger.
No, it does not have cutting blades. You have to trim the seam before serging.
the only other place to buy, was ebay. and you have to buy the whole machine. another suggestion is to look on the web for parts binging sold for singer tiny serger.
You cut individual letters to make the words you want to use. I prefer the sets that have one letter per die rather than the 9 die sets.
yes both cuttlebug and cuttlekids. Just have to use the thinner plates.
The name is "bug in a rug".
The letter size varies from half an inch to an inch and yes I use it in my Big Shot. I can't speak for cutting the felt. I would believe it could though.
Not very big maybe one inch.
Hello, Unfortunately, we do not ship to international countries at this time. Thanks, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
No. The one that can is butterfly kisses. But they are bigger and lovely too.
They are the same product, right down to the sizes of dies it takes. The main difference between a Big Shot and a Big Kick is the colors and the handle. Look at the black/pink Big Shot and the new turquoise Big Shot. See how the handle is attached? Then look at either the blue or brown Big Kick. Its handle folds away with a hinge. Also, the plastic mold each is cast from are slightly different in shape and looks. Sizzix originally marketed the Big Kick for big box craft stores like Michael's, Hobby Lobby, Joann's, etc., and the Big Shot for smaller, independent retailers. You might have noticed that internet sales have shot that idea to smithereens, LOL. If color/shape is extremely important to you, get the one you think is the most aesthetically appealing. If you could not care less about that and price is the only consideration, get the cheapest one you can find. Sizzix has excellent customer service and stands behind all versions of their die cutting machines. I went with the Big Shot myself because I thought the hinged handle of the Big Kick would be more likely to break sooner or later on account of the natural stress points at the hinges. I also got it at an excellent price. Right now since the introduction of the turquoise Big Shot, I am seeing some really great prices on the black/pink Big Shot and the Big Kicks in brick & mortar stores where I live because they are putting those older models on clearance. My housemate just got the brown Big Kick at a local store for $51 at a huge sale. It works just as well as my Big Shot. I really need to write up a product review... I guess I didn't realize how strongly I felt about this being such a good product, LOL.
I have both and love the Cuttlebug for embossing and small dies but I think the Big Shot is more versatile and you can use bigger dies and a larger varity with Big Shot. I think both are very sturdy machines.
It depends on what you think you will do with it. Have you looked at dies and decided what ones you like best and will fill your needs? I have both a standard platform and a skinny extended platform, but I don't use the skinny one as much.
The Big Shot does indeed cut fabric if you use the correct dies for it. What the Big Shot will cut is more dependent on what dies you use. If you use Sizzix brand Original or Bigz lines, they will cut fabric.
Yes it will. However it does depend on the thickness of the material. There are plenty of youtube and blog videos that will show you what has been successful.
There are a lot available. Prices vary from reasonable to not quite so reasonable. Key is that you can buy from different sources. Ellison dies,work as well is sizzix.
There are tons of dies available from many different companies. There are great deals on older ones but they are usually the basic ones that I use the most. i purchase most of mine online and find good deals on them.
depending on the thickness (like card stock) you can run 2 but I use one to make sure I have a clean cut regular paper 2 will cut cleanly if you are using a thin lit die a piece of waxed paper over it gives you a clean cut I love mine and use it all the time it's the best investment I've made for my scrap booking and card making
Yes it will cut aluminum soda cans, using a sharp die to cut out.
Depends on the size die you have -- the widest die I could use was 6 inches. For example a 6 inch star. If you want to invest get the larger Big Shot that you can use 8.5 wide card or paper!
They are 2 inches tall.
I am not sure if they are or not. I know my Stampin Up demonstrator had made a banner with these letters so it's possible they are.
No, it only contains uppercase letters.
My friend uses them with her cuttlebug and they work great
Yes they are amazing and the size is perfect for my porjects :)
Yes, we ship worldwide. Shipping of this item to Brazil would be $59.99.
These are knives. They cut materials into alphabet shapes. You have to have a Sizzix Big Shot machine to make these work. They will cut thick paper (several pieces at once), very thin wood, very thin metal, cork, fabric, thin pieces of leather, vinyl, and thin cardboard, and anything else that is thin enough. Each letter these cut out will be two inches (about 4 centimeters) tall and two inches wide. To watch how it works, log onto You Tube and enter "Sizzix Big Shot". You will find videos that show how the Big Shot and the cutting plates work. Hope this helps!
letter & a few symbols. no numbers.
2"x2" approximately
I never have a need to cut all letters at the same time- I cut out chipboard squares to fit the dimensions of the letters to cut one at at time (or double the chipboard up to cut 2 at a time if needed).
They are as permanent as paint can be. They are pens/markers with liquid paint inside. The surface they're applied to would dictate the permanency.
Water based, but they paint better than all the acrylic markers I bought from Michael's. Also these for $15 is an amazing deal since each marker is worth like $5
I used them on a dark navy blue bag, and the pink, white, and light blue colors really popped.
They probably would work but I wouldn't recommend it. These markers do their best work on glass, metal, plastic and on paper.
Check out surf artist Drew Brophy. He uses this brand of paint pens for a wide variety of different medias. I have used on multiple surfaces. Sometimes it just needs a second coat on glass or smooth surface. Clear coat after always helps as well. Best paint pens on the market tho!!
I measured it; the nip's length is 6 mm, the nip's writing surface is about 3 mm //I think "6 cm." might be wrong usage on AD. I don't know what are they are referring to...!
These are water based. So it will wash off unless u use a sealer. I use it on hats and canvas shoes. It need a few passes but the end result is very nice. Then i hit it with a sealer/water sealer. I like to use mod podge acrylic sealer. Then hand wash my work. Don't put in machine.
I have used them on a pizza pan. The only problem is that you might have to go over with a second or even a third coat. But poscas will pretty much paint on any surface.
Use a spray varnish, one that comes in aerosel form. It seems like the varnish re hydrates the paint, making said paint wet and then it bleeds. Maybe try an acrylic sealer before applying the varnish????
I don't think it's possible to clean them and refill the paint. Once a color is used up, you'll have to repurchase it. As for contamination of the tip, like if another color gets on the nib, you can just rub that right off.
No, this machine covers you on both - it's an excellent little sewing machine and also an embroidery machine. It doesn't weigh much and if you go to classes or anything, it would be easy to tote around. Basically, to convert from basic sewing to embroidery, you will remove the front panel (usually the equipment tray where you keep extra feet, etc.), and then there is a connector to which you will slide in the embroidery arm. There is a hoop that will attach to that arm. You'll change your presser foot to the quilting/embroidery Q foot, and you're set up. There are all sorts of ins and outs of embroidery, and you'll want to read the manual and learn what you can about embroidery, stabilizers, hooping, etc. This machine accommodates only a 4x4 embroidery field -- some of the dream machines have huge fields. However, I have found 4x4 to be enough in most cases, and for the money, it suits me just fine. I think Brother has an online manual that you could read (pdf) before you buy. That would give you a really good idea of the capabilities. It is a small machine -- I do a lot of garment sewing, but I doubt it would accommodate a full size quilt or ball gown or anything like that because the bed isn't big enough. But for most garments and embroidery projects, it is just fine for me. Hope this helps.
You have a couple of options. If you have editing software, you can design a file with the full word and import it. If it's a fairly small word, you can use the preinstalled text editor (NOT the monogram) and type words. It's not an awesome machine for things like embroidering names on jerseys, because it's hard to get the alignment right, but it can be done. There are accessories you can buy that give you a larger field, but your embroidery field stays the same--you can just continue the word without having to re frame your fabric. Hope this helps!
I don't think there is a choice when buying bobbin thread other than the weight and even then you may only have a choice of black or white. When you run out of thread or the thread breaks, you have to back up a few stitches past the break/end of bobbin and start from there..........it can happen to anyone unless the machine has a low bobbin indicator.
No but it does beautiful embrodery. I want to trade this sewing machine to update to a 2015 dual As I do a lot of quilting and embrodery etc. I would like a more advance and versitile machine
Sorry, I don't recall getting one
I love my machine, it does everything I need. have had no problems, I have made some beautiful things it is all the machine I need. love it
Yes, the embroidery area is four inches so technically you can, but you will need your own software or design to add it on, because the stock fonts won't resize that big. Without a USB port that could add over $100 onto your final price because you will need the PED basic package with the writer and software for your computer, plus the design itself. If you are trying to write words and not just a letter, it may limit your options because you will need to rehoop every letter.
There isn't any trick, you just need to follow the manual instructions and have patience.
If it is not listed in the ad, then it is not included.
The timing was knocked off due to a jam. This can be due to mis-threading of the top thread (presser foot up), thread caught up on the spool or spool pin or the bobbin may have been inserted so the thread was feeding in the wrong direction or jumped out of the guides. When embroidering a large item, make sure the outer area of the fabric (the amount not hooped) does not fall into the path of the needle - this will really knock the timing out of whack. Stay with the machine as it stitches so you can cut quickly the power should problem come up.
It is a 15 piece set.
It takes around 1 week - 10 days by Japan post service. Thank you,
If you place an order on Oct 25, best case to arrive to North Carolina by expedited shipment (extra cost required) on Oct 31. Thank you for your understanding.
Please choose one of shipping method. Expedited (EMS) shipping is It takes about 6~10 business days for your country. Standard (SAL) shipping is It takes about 2 - 3 weeks for your country.
I use this system to paint my wood turning product. It great to give them a nice pizzaz. You have to thin the acrylics to use but the alcohol based paints do not require thinning.
Height - 12", length - 12" (with gauge attached), width - 5". It's also fairly quiet when running. All in all a pretty good compressor.
It will supply bursts of air up to 90 psi but painting at 25- to 35 psi this pump keeps up very well. I love the control I get with different air pressures for different difficult graphics. Good buy!
28 pounds
Yes, the paint is made for that. I've even used it on under armor type materials and it works.
I don't think so it is water based and unless you use a clear coat of acrylic or enamel paint it will wash off very easy. As long as you clear coat it will do fine
30 of the compartments are about 2.15 x 1.71 inches each. 2 of the compartments (where it snaps closed) are about 3/4 that size. Hope that helps!
There is no gap. I fact the lid has grooves to catch the compartment walls. I keep 1x1 lego pieces in those and they stay put. The bottoms are rounded which makes it easier to get pieces out of the compartments. That said, the compartment may be a bit small for regular resistors with wire leads. The wires if standard size for a machine would be too long. If folded, they would of course fit. SMS units will fit as well.
Hello This will hold their different colored bands but not the looms. Hope this helps! Dawnie
No. I think that of the compartments are about an inch by an inch and a half.
I think each compartment would hold much less than 1000 perler beads.
No. If the paint was "poured into each section" it would dry out... The container lid is not air tight. If the different paint colors were placed individually into small air tight containers that fit into each section, it would work fine. But the lid does not seal air tight onto the container with sections. It hold beads or buttons, etc., well.
I just checked my Dew Drop Memento pads and they fit perfectly. You'll even have a little wiggle room. Great storage option.
Sorry- I misunderstood. There are 32 compartments. 30 of them are 2 1/8" x 1 1/18" and the remaining 2 are 1 1/8" x 1 1/8" (these two are up near the latch which is why they are smaller). I think you are seeing 2 different sets of dimensions because it sounds to me that there were two different cases. The case I am talking about is the one pictured. If you have any additional questions, please let me know.
The lid is attached.
easily
Just the black letters, no white in the middle.
The letters are more than 1/4" but less than 1/2"
Upper case are 3/8 of an inch; lower case "a" is 1/4 of one inch, lower case "l" is 3/8 of an inch. Numbers are also 3/8 of an inch.
I does have a shimmer finish.
Sorry, I have not used them outdoors.
Unlikely they stick very well, but moisture would probably loosen the letters.
Yes you get one sheet each. Item is just as pictured.
yes. I tested one to see, and it adheres well to glass. I don't know how long it would stick, or if it would fall off after some time, but it sticks at least as well as a window cling.
The letters are 1/2" wide.
No, only about 3/4" tall; I chose these for a label on a document box; like the typeface.
It probably would be alright I was useing on jewelery and I find it doesn't hold up to water over time,but for Sculpty clay it should work fine.
Not that I have seen. I have made jewelry with it over a year ago and it is still clear.
Yes it defiantly is self leveling. It spreads and thins, so less is more. Ill use the tip to sort of spread the product evenly with out squeezing more glaze out. I like that it dries well, and I can get another coat or two one depending on the thickness I want.
i have seen a video where a woman used this product like a resin. she covered her artwork on her bottlecaps. but the tedious process is going through the liquid, that has been placed on any surface, and going through it over and over to pop all the air bubbles. it is very time consuming. and I think it would be more costly to use it as a resin, depending on the thickness of it. youtube is a good place to watch videos of crafters using different products.
I'd say about 30 min. I never really timed it. It seemed to dry very quickly. I used it mainly with bottle caps so I really didn't have a need to touch them.
I have used Muslims diamond glaze to put rhinestones, pebbles and other small embellishments on bowls, jars and tile. It has not stripped the coloring, but in fact has given me a beautiful glass like shine. I also use this glaze to glue and seal material cutouts onto glass. I actually stopped using glues because the diamond glaze is so multifunctional. Happy Crafting
I have only used it on bought papers. I do have a friend who uses it on images printed on a colour printer and she has had no problems with it.
No.
Sorry, I don't know. I use it with small pictures that I put a glass lens over. It doesn't smear the ink of the photo if I wait over night to glue on the lens. Sorry wish I could be of more helps
I'm not sure, haven't tried it, but I'm guessing not. It's a very glossy finish.....not sure if anything will adhere to the gloss. But it's worth a try, if you can, on an inconspicuous or scrap material.
The needle part is a hard plastic. I had one break, the smallest one at the point where it connects. I was to hard with it because I forced it as I attached it to the cable. :( The cable part is a more flexible plastic. They are well made. They hold up very well. You just have to look at the direction you are twisting the needle when you attach it to the cable mount. If you force it the wrong way on the mount, you could damage the mount or needle tip. The variety is great, you can change needles easily while in a project. You can add cable to make it as long as you need it for any big project. The different size cables interchange to make a variety of lengths. They slide very easy on any kind of yarn and don't make your hands tired. They are very easy to use, and travel well. I've had nothing but pleasure using this set and SO happy I bought them! It's a great idea! I got this set mostly by the cost. I could not afford the metal ones but I am very happy with my purchase and do highly recommend them. I am a novice at knitting, so this was a less expensive way to get going without buying all the individual sets. I hope my answer helps with your question.
10 needles sizes - 5,6,7,8,9,10,10.5,11,13,15
The Denise cords can be extended in length by using the extenders that come with the set. By putting the 16" cord with the 19" cord you have 35". Since you have 2 extenders you could add the 14", 16", and the 19" cords to even make a 49" cord. The extenders make a smooth transition from one cord to the next. You can also buy long cords sold seperately.
The cords are very pliable and soft. They don't kink. If there is a kink when removed from case, just bend in the opposite way and the kink is removed. I love these needles. The best I've had. They are a bit thicker than other kinds, but the yarn flows freely, even at the needle joins.
There are six cords, measuring aprox. 5, 9, 12, 14, 16, & 18 inches respectively. They are all the same thickness, though, at 1 cm around. The kit comes with two 1-inch connectors, so you can further extend the cords included.
A simple one quarter turn. These are amazing.
The set I have the cords are very flexible, But sturdy enough to support your yarn.
The tips are pointy enough to knit two together and do similar stitches, but not too pointy for pushing the tips with your fingers. I think they are just right. I love these needles and use them everyday!
Probably. They have sets or individual crochet hooks that attach to the cords too. I can't be sure, but I emailed Denise with a question and they responded very quickly. You can ask them. Good luck!
The kit comes with 6 cords that can be connected to make circulars from 17" to 60". The needles are IS 5-15 (3.75-10mm) you can knit flat or in the round with any of the size needles
I don't think there will be a problem. We ironed to our sons jeans to replicate Fireman's pants, and it flexed well. (It did not stick all that well, however).
I do know it took a lot of heat to apply. I tacked it in place at the four corners on my backpack and then ironed it several times increasing the temperature. Suddenly I could sense it melt. After that it has stayed well attached to critical sides of my dark backpack to give side reflection for walking at night and works very well. It was just a matter of using enough heat.
It's an iron on adhesive
Sealed. I bought these and used them to keep newspaper clippings.
Yes... top loading
Includes 10 page protector sheets in the package
10 sheets, allowing for 20 pages if double sided.
These will work but they'll slide around a bit because the sleeve is designed for a 12x12 scrapbook page. You could tape your picture onto a 12x12 piece of paper or if you're ok with it looking a little redneck you could put the 8x10 in, using a sewing machine to sew around the picture and cut off the excess. Yes they are enclosed at the bottom. You could also look at an office supply store for 8.5x11 sheet protectors.
I haven't used that brand of scrapbook, but the holes at top and bottom are slots that allow for different post placement while the center hole is round for stability. I really like these sheets and they are worth the cost. I say give them a try.
I wish I could attach a picture. These are three holes like a regular ring binder. Top center bottom.
No, post bound spacers are not included.
All die cuts will...some more than others...they'll bend over time...either way you'll have to replace them...great product
22.5cm x 15.5cm
Yes
I am not sure what sizzix texture boutique is, but I use these same pads in various sizes with all my sizzix stuff as well as Accucut. Before you buy, just make sure they are the size that will fit in our machine, and I have been taken a few times with pads that are much to small.
They are beveled on the short ends to help feed into the machine.
No they are not sticky. The ends flex a small amount but not that much.
No they too wide . The Cuttlebug has it's own cutting pads, whichI believe are also available at Amazon.
I am not familiar with the Accucut Zip"e Mate machine. I did see an image of it on Amazon and it does appear that the cutting pads will work as long as the width of the opening is 6".
The extended pads are the same, just longer. You can put more dies on them to cut at one time. also, there are some dies that need the longer cutting pad. Usually the extended pads need the extended accessories to use them with varying machines. the 8 x 6 are the standard size
No
Yes, the kit I ordered included both pads.
If you use card-stock paper that's white on the back, after you press it through the Sizzix machine you lightly buff or sandpaper the raised areas. It doesn't work well on thin paper.
Hilary, no, the 'back' side of the double embossing plate does not affect your card stock if you put the card in with out folding it under the 'back side' of the plate. If you want only the front side to have an empression, the card would not be fully installed under the sandwitched plates, ie, the part part of the card to not be embossed is left out hanging in air with only one half (the front of the card) of it under the embossing plates. If the card was folded and placed folded under the embossing plate both 'pages' of the card would be affected, but I don't think that's your question. Embossing affects both sides of the paper, from one side it is 'pushed' out and from the other side it would be 'dented in'. This kit works well and am satisfied with patterns.
Dear Kiatin, I have two bottles each 10 ounces. For the past six months, I opened one, and used this for etching many bottles and glasses. I see the level of the content in the opened bottle barely dropping. I can only assume, that one bottle goes a long, long way!
I have used Armour Etch Cream on Pyrex with good success. SOME Pyrex will not work for etching, but I have not discovered which types. I have etched pie plates/dishes of various sizes, plus 8x8, 7x11, 9x13 Pyrex with great success.
I use plain contact brand contact paper. Works great!
Yes
Shake it well, but these have no bearing on the cream's effectiveness. They are just where it's lost some liquid. And let it sit longer for a deeper etch. I do 10 minutes.
I have used several different materials, but any plastic will probably work. For example, I've used vinyl transfer letters with great success. I've also used a sheet of laminating plastic, then cut out the areas I want etched with a sharp knife. I've also used a wide strip of scotch tape (the kind used to seal shipping boxes). Just be sure to get thorough contact between the mask and the glass to be etched, with no wrinkles or gaps. And for really complicated designs, you can buy all sorts of transfer stickers online.
I usually notice that in older cream. It can cause light spots and almost look like bubbles.
No
Due to the carbonation champagne bottles are twice as thick as regular wine bottles.
Guesswork here* Correct me if someone knows better. The color of the glass will not effect whether or not you can etch with this product. It will effect the end result. IE, etching on clear glass takes away an outer layer where the etch is and results in a frosted look of whatever shape you etched. So on black glass (assuming the glass is completely black and does not have a film on the outside or something with clear glass on the inside) it would likely just be black and wouldn't stand out much except on closer examination. I'm intrigued, how are the LEDs going to be used with the glass? Is it a glass window and there's LEDs on the inside surface?
Hello, I hope this will help- Our fabric comes in yards. One yard is 36 inches long. That would be 91.440 cm. The width of the fabric, is 42 to 44 inches depending upon the company that makes it. So you will have 106.68 cm to 111.76 cm. If you launder the fabric, and it is 100% cotton, it could shrink. To get more measurements, I googled Metric Conversions. I hope that helps.
I think this fabric would make a lovely blouse. The colors are vibrant and numerous. It can be matched up with any number of solid colors.
My guess is that the design is reminiscent of a glass paperweight with all of its embedded elements dropped to the bottom. The use of the word "sludge" May just refer to the complexity of the pattern. The fabric is very beautiful. I have covered a matte for a simple picture with it and made a toddler tiered skirt. Don't let one word scare you. Nancy
Hi, Morgan. I have this fabric, and it is very lightweight. It's very pretty, I think, I love the colors even better than just viewing it online. Should be perfect for baby :-)
The 8" measure at the bottom of the picture is just to give you an idea of the scale of the pattern. Hope this helps.
Oh no darling. This one takes a magnifier with the instructions. It arrives pre-threaded, and I suggest you take well lit photos of this with the panel open to see how its threaded. This way you can refer to them rather than the instructions, as one of the illustrations is slightly inaccurate. There is a learning curve to this, but if you are patient and follow the instructions along with your photos, you should be fine. The mistakes I've made are from the threads getting hung up at the spools. Attention to detail is a must with operating one of these, and double check the steps. This must be threaded in a specific order, or it won't work. It does work well, but takes some acclimation. Don't get discouraged. If I had the money, I would have bought a Bernina (made by Juki), or something that is easier to thread. I don't use it enough to warrant a thousand, or two, dollar investment. I got this one at a black friday deal.
I can buy special feet like: Piping Foot, Beading Foot, Curved Pearl Foot, Universal Blind Stitch Foot These 8 feet you can buy with 129$
One difference is the other model is for light to medium fabrics, but this one handles heavy ones as well, so it depends what you plan on sewing. For me it's worth the money to be able to sew pretty much anything.
I usually use Maxi Lock cone thread. I never like to use the cheapest thread, I was taught that my garment was only as good as the thread I used.
China, apparently. Here is a discussion of it: http://sewing.patternreview.com/cgi-bin/sewingclasses/board.pl?f=43&t=58144
Is it possible the door is open? Or is it possible the needle on the throat plate is bent? Were you working with some thicker materials? Mine bent and I had to replace that piece. Good luck.
The shell is made of plastic. However, the feet that rest on the table are rubber pads over a steel foot connected to a steel frame. The thing is solid and heavy. I bought it for my wife who is very happy with it. She doesn't complain about the thread tension settings any more, which was the issue with her last serger. I don't know what it is, but this serger does not have issues with tension apparently. It is also fast and the loopers (again not sure what those are really) are tight. I am not allowed to use it so I can't tell you more than that. Hope this helps.
yes good.
I run a small business & do a lot of sewing. I have use this machine on just about every type of fabric. If you have the correct needles & thread, you can do just about anything with it. they also take a good amount of abuse as well. I can honestly say that it probably was not designed for 1/3 of the things I've done with it..lol but it always comes through with flying colors for me.
Yes
Yes we do
Hopeful, This particular Juki is a 3-thread machine. It has One needle, and two loopers, sometimes called looper needles. Household sergers are not geared to heavy fabric. Thank you,
Ma sorry i don't no
Yes
No
For practical purposes, a serger and overlock are all but indistinguishable. They each perform the finishing stitches sewers want and need, as well as many decorative stitches. Most people probably use the terms interchangeably, thinking they are one and the same. However, technically, they are not. It is true that they both have two needles, a longer foot and needle plate. They also accommodate several different spools of thread. Generally speaking though, a serger performs one task perfectly-overlocking, cutting and finishing seams in one step. That being said, depending on the make and model, it may also perform more tasks and decorative stitches. It can have up to eight spools of thread which gives the user many options. In addition to the overlocking stitch, the serger is usually capable of performing the flatlocking stitch and the chain stitch. More expensive machines will also perform a cover stitch. These machines handle knits and many delicate fabrics with ease. An overlock machine may have just the overlock stitch for finishing edges. They tend to have fewer spools of thread, which means fewer options for decorative stitches. Another overlocked stitch that is desirable is the cover stitch, which is not standard on a serger sewing machine. The coverstitch is used for attaching lace and trims. It does not have a cutting attachment, as it has more uses than just finishing seam. You will find coverstitches used in knits and folded areas to be stitched. Many sewers are attached to their particular serger or overlock machine that may not have the cover stitch. For them, it makes sense to invest in a separate cover stitch machine that just performs that one stitch.
You can definitely use this machine for denim!!! I love this machine.
Uses Singer or Schmetz needles, the ones with a flat back.
There is an optional list of feet that are available - 6 of them. Blindstitch, Elastic, beading, cording, pearl, piping, I can include them with the purchase of the machine.
No, it isn't. It takes about 8 - 10 minutes to completely re-thread after you get used to it.
I got mine At kens sewing on line
Hey Mary yes here is a Juki MO1000, give us a call at 601-693-1863 and we will be glad to discuss with you Lynette
Two terms same machine
I bought the extra feet. This machine is awesome. Yes! You can. And I do. If you are gonna spend this kind of money get the new one that has 5th spoil so you can overlock stitch. (The stitch used to hem tshirt and knit clothing). It was not out yet when I bought mine. Wise investment and well worth it
Yes, if you purchase this model MO-734 Juki from us (we will include the 8 optional feet for you)
No it does not.
The only model that Juki currently offers with a coverstitch is the 5 thread model MO-735 (will do both a 2 or 3 needle coverstitch)
It is not easy. Not much room for fingers and hard to see. After doing it many times, I have it down. Need to use the tweezers.
Plastic style 15J bobbins fit in the machine and look exactly like the ones that come with it. I've been using Singer brand with no issues.
I'm not home to give you an exact weight, but it's a very heavy sewing machine. Heavier than most. But i don't mind because it's a great machine and feels very sturdy. I'll will get back to you on the exact weight this weekend.
I just started a quilt. I bought one of the free-motion darning feet and dropped the feed dogs. It takes a little practice, but looks good so far.
It is a lever on the front that you push down to reverse. Look at the photo of the sewing machine and to the right of the needle mechanism is a curved arrow indicating that is the reverse lever.
No, it is a lever on the front of the machine under the word Juki with an arrow next to it in the shape of an upside down U.
To be honest, I haven't been thrilled with it's performance on heavier materials. It usually performs adequately, but seems to struggle when I have sewn several layers of material, especially when they are heavy like duck cloth. This particular machine really is designed for average consumer use, not industrial.
It should. I've sewn denim two and three layers. I'd suggest taking some scraps and slowly getting the feel of how the machine accommodates your project.
At my sewing classes I was told that if you buy the right needle, it can sew through leather. It's a very heavy, substantial machine, so i expect it would do just fine.
as far as I know, none
I'm sorry, I don't know...
The max I've been able to get it to is 50psi
That kind of depends on what you want to with your new mini sand-blaster :) If you're doing small work here-or-there, it's a good choice; if you're doing anything heavy-duty or prolonged, it might not cut it. Also, this little guy likes to kinda rumble around: I had to use masking tape to keep it in place so it didn't rumble its way off the table, haha. You may also need an adapter for the hose, as I'm not sure if it will match Paasche fittings; for that reason, I recommend looking for a package deal from Paasche if they have one.
No.
There are some significant differences between using an air compressor versus using spray cans. Pros: Air flow with a compressor is much more constant than spray cans and an airbrush can be much more accurate (with practice). Cons: Cleaning your airbrush is required to keep it functioning well. The compressor generates heat over time so you have to take breaks. I primarily use this to paint Warhammer miniatures, and I am very satisfied with its performance so far.
Yes, the hose is a 1/8" and it is the same connector for the Copic Air Adaptor -
Max PSI is 100, however running this unit on 100psi will cause heat stress after about 10 minutes. This unit is great for layering miniatures with 20 minute breaks after around 15 minutes of use. Heat is a concern, but if monitored and handled properly the unit will last for a long time.
Although I wouldn't know I can tell you this, I have a badger airbrush that needed an adapter that I could never seem to find. After the air regulator on this compressor broke I purchased the same model compressor from my local Harbor Freight store and it came with an adapter that fit. I don't know how badger and paasche compare cuz I'm only a novice airbrusher.
I can't tell you in decibiles, but I have no problems using it when my wife is sleeping. Blenders and hand mixers are louder.
This was a standard American plug in style for 110v. There isn't a switch for 220v. You would need an external transformer (step down) if you planned on using it in another country.
I'm afraid I don't recall now because I received mine some time back, but I can tell you the box size was 20 - 24 inches square? The compressor has a lot of weight of course, they all do! I've owned a few & this one is head & shoulders better than anything else you can buy tho'!!! Love it!
I would like to help you. Can you please give me the actual dimensions feet by feet?
we used staples. looks good/great. we rolled all edges under itself, i guess you can call it a hem.
I wouldn't think so, the material is rather thin, wider, larger open fibers. I used this materials as a another option for cutains, and I feel it the material was too thin by itself. Looks great with shears though.
Hello, like any fabric, yes it is flammable.
Burlap is a woven rough fabric usually used for sacks. Burlap is made of the skin of jute plants, which is one of the least expensive and strongest textile crops.
No I just glued sea shells to it so it looks like a beach. That worked well.
I would like to help you. Can you please give me the actual dimensions feet by feet?
we used staples. looks good/great. we rolled all edges under itself, i guess you can call it a hem.
I wouldn't think so, the material is rather thin, wider, larger open fibers. I used this materials as a another option for cutains, and I feel it the material was too thin by itself. Looks great with shears though.
Hello, like any fabric, yes it is flammable.
Burlap is a woven rough fabric usually used for sacks. Burlap is made of the skin of jute plants, which is one of the least expensive and strongest textile crops.
No I just glued sea shells to it so it looks like a beach. That worked well.
no it does not.
I have to say, I really don't know. I can only tell you that is AC 10 watt, 110 volts. It heats up from 176 degree to 410 degree farenheit. I hope it helps, THANKS, Chantal
yes, it came with everything. I really like the xacto with heat for crafts.
Yes, but it is not sturdy. The stand is actually the only thing that I don't like about the iron. I really like the iron.
Well, you asked this Texan a question she knows nothing about. Not a travel even in our wonderful states. I know nothing works in England or used too. It is regular 110 two pronged plug with one prong larger than the other. You might email the Clover company and ask that question. They are an old a well established company in the states. Sorry wasn't more help. I could email for you if you can't yourself. You have a wonderful day in the down under. blessings.....Elaine in TEXAS!
No
Yes
There was no "range" on mine. It got warm,but not hot enough to actually press anything. I returned it.
Hi,With adaptor iron tip (small) Low is 220F, Mid is 390F & High is 560F With adaptor iron tip (large) Low is 185F, Mid is 340F & High is 480F With adaptor Ball tip Low is 210F, Mid is 400F & High is 580F With adaptor Slim line tip Low is 200F, Mid is 355F & High is 500F With adaptor Hot Knife Low is 185F, Mid is 340F & High is 480F All temps are approximate, but are extremely happy with it, and like anything with heat, you have to take due care, because this little iron packs a mean heat ( scars to prove it). A must have item for the crafter person.Hope this helps
The opening that the attachments fit into is closer to 5mm.
No. It is white on the back side
Yes, they were for me.
Yes It is.
There are no instructions.
Thank you for your inquiry. In our store, shipping to Australia is possible. We are looking forward to your order.
if you order this Kopykake Airmaster directly from Kopykake they do make a 220v model. I got one for my sister in the UK.
You can use any airbrush colors. It doesn't matter the brand.
We do not sell them, sorry I do not know where to get them again sorry I could not help you
C3500
120
Hmmm.. Did you know this compressor is sold all over the internet? Many different brand names but the same compressor. I just bought mine so I can't confirm the complaints, but it seems to me that there is a tank associated with this one. It's supposed to cut off after the pressure reaches the limit that is set. If you don't know anything about compressors, you should really read up on them before operating.
The transparent ones you don't need to. The opaques, you probably should, but not much. 1:1 maybe
It's a water - based acrylic.
Yes it overheats i dont even use it anymore use my large compressor.aprox 10 minutes and it shuts down.hope this helps and good luck
I think there was a roughl knife, a detail knife, a large pelican knife and a small pelican knife. They all came razor sharp, i didnt have to do anything to them. I highly recommend ANY flexcut product
Thank you for your inquiry. We have a flat rate shipping of $8.95. Please let us know if we can assist you any further.
Flexcut headquarters, and manufacturing facilities I believe, are all in good ol' Erie, PA. Go U.S. steel!
i have been carving since 1974 and have used many different types of carving tools, and the finest by far are the flexcut tool. in this set of four you will have a standard knife, a chip carving knife and a couple smaller ones for detailing. these are about all the knives you will need. i also own a couple of different sets of the flexcut gouges. hope this helps you out.
I'm sorry that I'm not able to answer this question. It was a gift for a friend to do wood carving and I never opened the package. I can tell you that she told me that they were the best carving knifes she has ever used. Sorry I can't be of help......
It can definitely be used as a temporary deco, but I would make the deco on a horizontal piece of glass, let it set up and cure, then peel and place on the window. Then when you want, you can peel it off the window. There are a lot of ideas on the gallery glass website. I have used many of them. I hope this helps.
Yes! It looks like pretty stained glass and also makes it harder to break
Yes, you can. I didn't use it on windows, but I made stained glass pictures to hang in windows. It works on all glass surfaces. :)
To be honest with you Luke, I wasn't happy with the paint and the texture of it as well. Though, the color is good but your best bet is to try on a small picture frame glass and place it in the same space and give it a try. I hope you find it works. Aloha, Lynise Tarring
No, simply to decorate.
NOT recommended to use it on a beverage container due to the need to wash it frequently - or it might simply dissolve or peel off. The Gallery Glass manufacturer PLAID is tops and they recommend the MarthaSteward products for beverage glass - dishwasher safe. Amazon probably has the Martha Stewart supplies for less than the Plaid site store. Beverage glass project photos and instructions and supplies list......here ... http://www.plaidonline.com/glass-painting/dept/home.htm
The pots are about 1 inch deep x1 inch in diameter. Really quite small.
I don't see why not. I used it on a candle jar that I put some sand and shells in from the shore.
it doesn't need to be baked, yes you can use a candle in it but make sure its not too close to the flame
The chain is lead free, but nickel plated. That's what gives it the silver shine. It is not hypoallergenic.
3.18 mm
You can determine your chain size by counting the balls per foot. #6 has 69 balls per foot, ans #3 has 94 balls per foot. (Or #6 = about 6 per inch, #3= about 8 per inch) There is a 1/32" difference in their diameter, so they should connect together okay.
Sadly no, and I wasn't able to confidently find them on Amazon either.
Yes, all of them are two ounces.
Yes.
Yes it is.
Wow! You know I never looked but...it does make a difference. It was a gift for a grandchild. I got it and wrapped it up and the next day presented it to her. Sorry, I can't help you.
I never had a problem cooking after baking with it. No smell, no funky taste on the food. I was cautious at first but it all came out fine.
Kuretake makes replacement ink cartridges. Unscrew the body of the pen (the longer part) from the tip (the black grip and brush part-the part that fits into the cap). Remove empty cartridge. Take the new cartridge and push it in with the metal ball side down towards the brush. It'll click, you'll feel when the cartridge is in place. Screw pen back together. It may take a bit for the ink to flee if you haven't used it in a bit. You can run the brush tip under water if you think dried ink is blocking the flow. Almost all the Kuretake pens use the same cartridge from the company. You can buy refills online. The Pentel ones do NOT fit this pen.
I haven't ever had any difficulty with ink flow on this Kuretake model; once the ink cartridge is seated properly in the body (and the brush pen's internal apparatus has pierced the seal on the cartridge), ink has very quickly moved out into the brush fibers. If you're still having difficulty with ink flow after a bit of time (say fifteen minutes), you might try shaking the capped brush pen (gently) back and forth a few times, then uncapping to see whether the ink has started to flow into the brush nib. If this doesn't work immediately, try it again. If two or three tries hasn't produced ink flow, you might try a drop or two of water on the brush nib in case there is some size blocking the capillary action. I do hope this helps!
I use a platinum fountain pen converter instead of the normal cartridges; they only hold about half as much ink, but they let one easily use any ink that can flow through the brush.
It's synthetic but pretty soft
Yes
I'd have to say in all honesty that I don't--I have written hanzi down to an x-height of about 2mm with it, without loss of sharpness. But I suppose it depends on what you're using it for?
Don't waste your money, these are awful, very thin and the paper will not come off. I printed four or five and then returned the rest I had ordered. You should buy the June Taylor print and sew. I made quilts for my grandsons and I washed the printed pictures in Synthrapol before I set them together. . They stayed well and my daughter washes them every week. Hope this helps Connie
I used it to make little name tags on quilts, not sure if that helps.
I am not sure,sorry
I've had this problem, too, and the only thing that works is to use an edge like the blunt end of a metal nail file or something similar to scrape it off. Or you can wet the item and see if the paper dissolves.
I am not sure about how to resize the photo. On my mac, iPhoto helps me though the process. I just started to do this kind of thing myself.So, I am not to good with all of this yet.
There are two packages; one has five and the other twelve. JSM
It doesn't say on the bag, but they are pretty thin. I use a heat sealer on mine but only for about 2 seconds
I heat sealed mine, only heat it for about 2 seconds and its done
It would hold 2 Oreos with a tie
They should work as long as popsicle is totally frozen n not runny at all.
No gusset, just a basic small bag. Great for cake pops. Comes with closures.
Yes
I haven't tried it but unlikely - I use this plastic for windows of my mini dollhouses
I think it would work! I've seen some of those cards, and it would be perfect. I used it for shaker cards, but the plastic was too thick. Great idea, and since it is thicker, you would not need that much.
I use these in picture frames and have cleaned them with a damp paper towel so I would say they are waterproof. As far as a clean fold I would recommend scoring them or cutting them with scissors or a paper cutter. I have never tried to fold them.
I don't think so, it's tinted blue if I recall, we used it it die cut stencils.
I don't think this would be thick enough for that.
I used scissors and they worked fine :) the plastic is thick but cuts pretty easily.
If your going to do what I think your going to do I would say no. I made a lot of display boxes for flea market sales and I always used wood and glass.
No
They're quite thin and flexible, but still sturdy enough. They can be 'creased' along an edge and they will retain that crease. To cut them, you should score them first with an xacto knife, then crease along that score and they'll snap into to pieces.
I would say yes. The plastic is very easy to cut and trim.
No
No
5 oz 256 yards
It is a 4 ply medium.
Only from computer that has the same network won't work remote also the software sux we quit using our machine
Yes. We had a bit of troubled getting it connected. This was because of a setting in quickbooks. Once that was sorted it was very easy. We haven't had much trouble since then. We have to switch to single user mode to get it to work, but that is ok.
It needs to be connected only when exporting data. It has it's own software that comes with it so you don't need excel. The software is super easy to use and does email. I don't believe you can convert to excel.
Comes with software. You will likely need help to install. We followed advice we saw in other reviews of this product.
Comes with cards. I think 20 cards.
Ethernet connection allows any distance within network and yes totals per pay period per employee
No, you simply need to set an employee up as an employee and the time clock then does the rest. Almost all of our employees work the same schedules, but occasionally we will have an employee work a late shift and the time clock doesn't care... unless the employee works over 12hours without clocking out, and then it alerts you to a potential missed punch.
I keep track of earned time for each employee in a journal, when I print their individual time sheet reports, if they request comp time, then I write it on their time sheet how many hours, then I go to quick books and enter total hours. On the time clock report, I also make notations of any adds. Then file!
I am not certain. I have this wired into our intranet in the same building
Yes, it is
Yes. I have used it for cotton. But I cut 4 to 6 deep per cut. And I think it comes with an extra blade. I really like it.
Yes, I'm glad I got mine it's great for small projects
I can't say from quilting experience, but I don't see any reason why it can't be done. Same idea as binding. Maybe someone else has more experience with cutting such narrow strips.
you can cut 10" strips
Yes I've cut felt, fleece, flannel, minky and a ton of regular cotton. Love this cutter!
I have cut fleece on this and it works fine. You would have to fold the fabric for that length and with the width it would be tricky.
I would not pin into the pad for ironing, it would cause tears quicker in the pad
I agree with Patricia. It is small for most projects and seems a waste when it is meant for travel to classes.
I just tried it and it works to fold back on itself and lays flat. This is a hefty sturdy construction. I am very pleased with it.
On one side, when opened, is a 12x18 self healing mat. The other side is a protected ironing surface. Each side is a 12x18 surface when opened.
I am not sure, I do not think it is replaceable. On my first one, after a year of continual use the ironing pad was fine, but the grid was starting to show great wear. I got the new one to replace the cutting grid. It is a fabulous asset to quilting.
About 1/4" thick. It's just right for ironing, not too thick and not thin. This was a very good purchase for me as now I can cut fabric and iron my blocks wherever I go.
He have not persoanlly used this item. It is about 3/8" thick so we feel like it will protect your table. It is fairly firm, so it should give you crips seams. Thanks Paul
There is no ruler, one side is a mat and the other is a padded, protected side for ironing.
Sharpeners work OK, but i prefer replacing the blades with new ones. Turning the blade over has no effect in my opinion. They last a long time.
This works for me. I open the plastic case that the blades come packaged in and "dump" them flat and onto a level surface, such as my cutting table. Then what I do is to swipe away from me until one blade slides forward. Then, I put my rotary cutter directly over the hole in the blade, slide the cutter and blade to the edge of the cutting table until the underside of the blade is "free," and then turn it over and secure it. These blades are super sharp, so NEVER touch the edge of the blade itself.
These were a replacement for I also only use Olfa products also. Love them all! Enjoy.
NO they just are interchangeable depending on your style of cutter.
There are 5 blades in the pack.
it depends on the size of the current blade the most common are 45mm and 60 mm take it with you to the store ( fabric or craft) and compare
5
Yes they can, they fit my Fiskars as well as my Olfa cutter.
I didn't have trouble separating them.
I don't know if they would fit a Truecut cutter but they do fit Fiskars.
Its just like paint - you can wipe it off quickly to correct things, or use paint remover.
NO, I dont think so. I used them on metal and they did not run, but I think wood may be too absorbent
I doubt it... it's just acrylic paint. I used it on a t-shirt, and it flaked quite a bit. After more than a year, the paint is pretty faded from washing.
Black, White, Red, Medium Blue, Medium Green. The blue and green are very pleasant to my eye. All colors are fresh and bright looking.
Yes, totally fine. As a somewhat cheaper thread, it is more prone to breaking and tangling than other better-made embroidery floss, but it is completely serviceable for making friendship bracelets. Personally, I would recommend combining cheap thread with some better thread in each bracelet if you can afford it, as I really have found this thread to tangle much easier than some other brands. All that said, if this is all that fits your price point then there's no question that it works just fine for bracelet making. Clear nail polish can be used on the ends to help prevent fraying.
They had a flat sheen to them
yes
It's the regular kind
The floss comes from Mexico to the US.
It definitely doesn't fade after just an hour. However, I wear friendship bracelets made out of these every day, and they do fade somewhat over time--maybe a few months of having them on all the time.
Each strand is made of six very fine threads -- so yes, six ply.
i cant help there it looks like the stuff when I was a kid I bought it for my niece for Christmas
There is no indication that it is food safe. Since the mat is a "healing" type material - meaning one could cut into it and then it would "self-heal" I would think is likely it is not food safe because it has no barrier (thus the ability of it to sort of grow over the cuts) and bacterial etc. could be absorbed into it. I would not use it for that purpose.
It's thin but durable, about half the thickness of corrugated cardboard, around 1.5mm thick.
I would be inclined to say no. I got a bit of fabric glue on mine that bled through some fabric and it hasn't come off yet.
Hi Christina: As this product is a self-healing mat, I believe that you would be able to use a cutting machine. I would suggest though that you get a larger size to work with such as 24 x 36. Hope this helps. Kathy
I've looked at the paper work and it says that liquitex is among the first artist material manufacture to list toxicity information on its paint labels. I have looked at the bottles and can't figure out what the toxicity is. Each color has different codes to them not smart enough to know what they all mean. There is a web site www.lequitex.com that might help or there is a phone number 1-888-4-acrylic that might be able to answer your questions. I have used them a lot and like them because I am sensitive to fumes/smell and can hardly tell that there are any at all. I had to stop using folk art paints and other brand like it because the fumes and smell were so bad they made me ill. So if it is the fumes/smell that bothers you this would be a good choice. I am very happy with this purchase and have purchased them again.
i believe, but im not 100% certain, that you can combine this Liquitex soft body paint with Liquitex Airbrush Medium to use in an airbrush.
Unless it's white on black,it should work
I wouldn't. You will never get it to wash off. The "soft body" means the viscosity of the paint. It has nothing to do with using it on skin. The paint you need is "washable paint." They sell a kit on Amazon; http://www.amazon.com/Love-Is-Art-Canvas-Paint/dp/B005PR28AS
Yes
I personally don't think it would be permanent enough for buttons. The stitch nylon would not be strong enough, and it is a letter I shaped stitch so the ends wouldn't just slip through the button hole.
I only use this to hem or to do minor repairs
Yes - just know that the taks are small and you'll spend a lot of time pulling them out later - I would suggest using a staple puller the slide under kind that catch the staple/tak - then go over the quilt again and look for all the ends that don't fall out. I loved it for my larger quilts
I don't think so. It would be too short and the ends are very small
Yes
Temporarly for an evening out etc. if you use matching color plastic ties
No, the plastic staples would not be strong enough for that application.
Easy attach, but being nylon, I think would be an irritation next to skin. Mine is like a price tag labelers in stores, but the nylon that is pushed through the fabric is very 'micro' small. I use this on front button blouses to keep them from gapping to show bras and skin, but when I take the blouse off, a very slight pull on each side quick breaks the stitch.
You could use it to keep the two parts of fabric closed for a temporary solution. But you probably couldn't fit the stitches through the button's holes for a lasting solution. The stitches are very short.
No, the shaft is only about an inch but I would check to see if there is an attachment for a cone.
I think it should b able. I have used different bobbins with it and so far it works
I am not sure. I'm Have a Janome embroidery machine and bought the sewology bobbins and it works fine. I also bought bobbins online(no brand name) and it works fine. Sidewinder works great most if the time and adapts well to the different bobbins.
Did not work well at all
It didn't work for me, never could turn it off had to remove the batteries. I won't buy another one for sure.
I don't think it would work with elastic thread, in fact, the product did not work well at all. I would not buy this particular bobbin winder, it wound the thread lopsided and without equal tension, piece of junk!
Yes, they are ageless!! For a small object they present efficiency, compactness and reliability!!
To change out the head for other types.
No we don't, you can use adapter
Lo Med and Hi
My cord is 97" to the prongs of the plug.
the adapter you can add other parts to the mini iron you can not it is worth the difference
My iron is NOT dual voltage.
Having no real clue, let me just say that it plugs into a regular outlet, and heats up to an adequate degree quickly, and does a great job of ironing little things. It is mainly for crafting, I imagine, not for pressing garments. There is a larger attachment you can purchase, which I intend to do, for bigger projects. I don't have the packaging anymore for actual wattage. Maybe you could ask the Clover people. Hope this helps at all.
I don't know how hot it gets in degrees but it does get hot as an iron.
I haven't used any other, so I cannot compare, but I was satisfied with this tool for ironing seams and hard to reach places. My only caution would be that this iron can get dangerously hot! Definitely recommend a holder of some sort beyond the wire stand built into the iron itself.
I had the same problem. I went to Harbor Freight and picked up the correct hose. It was disappointing that it didn't come with the correct attachments. But even with the additional purchase, it was still a great deal.
It does shut off when you stop spraying. Disregard the other comment that indicates that it stays on. It pretty much maintains a fairly consistent PSI that you can set. When you stop spraying, and start, there is a mildly larger burst of PSI than the usual steady flow. Nothing that I would consider a problem though. This thing is worth every penny. I highly recommend it!
This is more of artist set up. You could probably do it depending on what you want.. even spray 1 color maybe not so good for solid coverage.. but if you were doing a painting of some sort with detail it would work well.
I'm not sure, but i do not see why not though? I have never used it for that but it should not hurt, as far as i know?
Pull up black knob on the water catch and turn red knob their is and arrow gage on their just
No - this is a single action siphon feed brush. You should probably look at the Paasche VL Double Action airbrush instead. I have one of those as well.
no. Just a little creativity to get the trap to thread correctly
No I believe it is made by TCP Global Corp
Yes it would work but if you want to do this more then like for 1 novelty event I would get a better compressor.. I was able to get through very small projects with it but it overheats quickly and spits water... I broke down and bought a better compressor.. the airbrush is fine.. works well.. so if you are just using it for something really small then you can probably get away with using this combination.. if you want something more durable for bigger projects the airbrush is good but get a different compressor.
This is a great starter set for someone that does hobbies, for sure. I have used mine for ages, and it is great.
The House of Rice Store ships from Arizona.
yes. i used this for my wedding for people to sign instead of a guest book. its about as thick as cardstock, but flexible. very strong.
Not tried to write on it at all; only used as a prop in a school play.
Inches
I used this for a major project last semester & it was perfect!
Its not too thick a paper, so there are chances of you tearing it in case of a very sharp pen.. You might just wanna use a normal stick pen Hope this helps !!
Yes.. It rolls up perfectly when it needs to be
NPT
I've used it on my Eclipse and haven't had a problem with it.
Yes the one I bought I used it with my shop compressor. You just need to keep the pressure regulated under 41lbs. or it will blow off the ends that connect it. Happened to me once no big deal really I just pushed it back on and kept the pressure down and works for me.
The hose fit my Iwata airbrush with no problems but the male connector on my compressor was too small, I had to use a 1/8" to 1/4" adaptor for the hose to connect.
To use that hose or any other mainstream airbrush hose on that compressor, you will need to purchase this fitting: Master Airbrush Brand 1/4" Male X 1/8" Female Fitting/adaptor for the TC Air Compressor, which is also available thru Amazon.
yes, it worked with mine
no both are female
Yes it can. That is what I use mine in.
I don't know the grain size but it is 220 grit. It's a little more course that baking soda.
Gets clumpy in humidity but still works ok
I don't know. Sorry I can help you with that. I only use it for glass and plastic etchings.
If you do A LOT of etching, you might want to go ahead and get an extra container. I am on my second container, but do a lot of etching.
The 5 pound container will carry you for quite a while if you use a blasting cabinet, or make a blasting cabinet out of rubber maid tubs you can reuse the compound. You'll want to filter it first of course
Yes. That's all I've been doing is glass and mirror. I think the medium and slow cutting is for more delicate stuff like model trains and matchbox cars.
Yes works great, be sure to have a pan or something to blast into stuff goes everywhere and is very fine, gloves and eye protection is a must.
50
brown
I consider the unit "relatively quiet". It has a tank so the compressor only works a small part of the time.
Yes.
The single line side of the switch when you turn it on should turn the compressor on immediately until the tank reaches a certain pressure and then shut off. As you use the airbrush it will turn back on automatically when the pressure gets low and add air to the tank. If it's not doing this something is wrong with the compressor, there is no special setting or anything that you have to do to make it work correctly. Good luck!
The tank on the compressor has a 1/4" compression fitting (don't remember whether it is m or f) attached to a moisture trap with a 1/4" male exhaust fitting.
1 gallon
You should be fine. The first numbered level is 30psi but there are plently of levels below that. I often use 20 psi for model paint and I could go lowers. It's a good unit.
Not sure would guess a 1/2 gallon or 1.9 liters. It works great have had it for a month. Would suggest getting quick release if you have more than one airbrush. It kicks on and off a little more than I would like but I'm using it quite heavily. If you flip the switch on the compressor in the up position it will shut off when it hits the desired pressure put it in the down position if you don't want it to shut off. Hope that was helpful.
Yes.
Yes. The piece seen in the photo above the plug is the pressure adjuster on top and the water trap below. You connect your hose by the pressure gauge in the middle
1/4" I think
Its a type a pencil for drawing the come different styles of lead for drawing details and such :) the type 3B is just how hard or soft the lead is softer leads give you darker lines
Obvious choking hazard /not under 3yr warning aside... I personally would have loved this when I was 7-8yrs old. Certainly 10+ but if a child is very in to drawing, I wouldn't hesitate at 7yrs. for sure.
If I remember correctly it was not an instruction book for beginners, if you don't know about art some would not make sense. Plus, I don't remember it being very detailed at all. I know it did not describe the things included in the kit and what those items would be used for. I did by an additional art instruction book to go along with this gift because of the lack of information in this manual.
No, they're not. They are good quality but not Prismacolor.
The price is $14.99. Shipping charges can be viewed at check out.
Cheap plastic lol the tools it comes with are cool the charcoal pencils are flimsy though lol
Approximately 1 3/4 in. x 1 1/4 in. unopened. The pad on the inside is slightly smaller.
I don't think they can be used on fabrics because they are water soluble...versa color series or versa magic series may be the better choice for fabrics, especially versa color. I hope the answer is useful for you :D
I think they are good and will give you a nice variety of inks. I have enjoyed using them.
No. Memento ink is a water based ink. They don't dry on non porous surfaces. You need an alcohol based ink for metal projects. Stazon is what you need for non porous metal. Hope this helps.
The colors are vibrant and good, but the ink is really hard to get off people's fingers. As long as your guests don't mind then they are good.
each pad is about an inch long and 1/2 an inch wide at the wider end.
Yes, it's raised, and by quite a lot. You will not have any problems inking a larger area. Give it couple of test runs - like I said before, mine were very, very full of ink and resulted in a messy print in the beginning.
Yes, they are perfect for that. The pad is very hard so the finger rolls on it nicely. You might have to stamp it twice since the first time around, you might have too much ink on. Test it first. Also, it does stain everything, but does come off the finger after couple/few/dozen of washes. :)
I've never used them like that, but the ink quality is really good and when I use them for stamping he image comes out crisp and clear.
To stamp a logo, first you should make a stamper, and then, like you said, pour it on to the stamper and stamp it on the cardboard boxes. It's water-soluble, so it it not suitable to be used on plastic or wood. Hope the answer is helpful.
Yes, it's thicker than a brown sack and easily can be folded.
Yeah, thats all I use it in, works flawlessly.
yes, more or less. The surface is like an inkjet watercolor paper.
well, yes... it's not quite as thick as you might like though. It's more like butcher paper or a very sturdy construction paper, but it will certainly bend/not stay flat with any kind of weight on it. might want heavier card stock for that.
Yes, it is a fairly lightweight cardstock - still pliable, not too stiff.
I'm not sure, Briley. It is thicker than regular paper but a little thinner than card stock. I use mine as a wrap for around my homemade goat milk soaps. Wish I could give you a better answer than that.
I am not familiar with a silhouette cameo machine but it did run thru an HP printer ok with a little assistance; only 1 page per print otherwise would jam. It is good quality paper stock and much thicker than traditional paper
Not heavy enough for a postcard, unless sending in envelope.
yes
Yes
Hi! You can put a quilt of any size on this frame. After you make your quilt "sandwich" (top, batting, and back), baste it or pin it together, then simply drape it over the quilt frame and put on the clamp pieces. I usually start my stitching near the center of the quilt. Quilt the area inside the frame, then pop off the pieces that hold the quilt in place and shift it to a new area. Turn the quilt around as necessary to keep it from piling up in your lap. I love this frame. It comes apart in minutes and you can store it in the box. I went to Lowe's and had them cut me a piece of Masonite (lightweight board used in construction) 3' x 5' and I lay that on top of the quilt frame when it's empty so I can sort quilt block pieces. Then I store that board under my mattress until I need it again. I have a wooden quilt frame, but I don't think I'll ever use it again because this plastic one is so easy and quick (and takes up less floor space) to use. Happy Quilting!!!
No, the clamps are not ridged, but they stay rather tight once you frame the quilt and clamp it.
They were included in the kit & work great!
I haven't done this yet. I guess you could. It would just do a small area at a time,
I don't know the conversion from inches to centimetres,but if it's too small,you can always baste strips of fabric around your pattern to make it fit. My daughter used my frame for her cross stitch work with ease.
I have done two large quilts with this frame. I like that it is lightweight and easy to move. The only thing is I tape the joints as they tend to pop open when you move it a lot. It is sturdy enough for large projects.
4clamps came with the frame.
I'm not sure how PVC pipe is measure but from outside edge to outside edge it measures 1 5/8".
I don't know, but why not? it would have to be bigger than the ones I have (11x11" & 18x 18). I would think
Yes but it is easy even without them....Look at the picture and the pats and snap them togeter and quilt.
I am a devoted Rhodia fan and daily fountain pen user. I can assure you that the quality of Rhodia/Clairefontaine paper is unsurpassed and the go to paper for writers and artists alike. I have never been disappointed. It is true that for environmental regulatory reasons the die that they use for their rule is just slightly different than several years ago, but I've noticed no change to the quality of the product and the paper is the same beautiful 80 or 90 gsm vellum that they've produced for many generations.
Hello the graph pages are double sided and the paper weight is 80gsm.
The front and back are the same coated cardboard (?) single sheet. It is not rigid. You need a flat surface beneath this notebook to use it.
Quarter inch...four to the inch.
I am a devoted Rhodia fan and daily fountain pen user. I can assure you that the quality of Rhodia/Clairefontaine paper is unsurpassed and the go to paper for writers and artists alike. I have never been disappointed. It is true that for environmental regulatory reasons the die that they use for their rule is just slightly different than several years ago, but I've noticed no change to the quality of the product and the paper is the same beautiful 80 or 90 gsm vellum that they've produced for many generations.
Hello the graph pages are double sided and the paper weight is 80gsm.
The front and back are the same coated cardboard (?) single sheet. It is not rigid. You need a flat surface beneath this notebook to use it.
Quarter inch...four to the inch.
Add it to one part of the mix, get it thoroughly incorporated, and then add your second mix part. If you added it after you mixed both parts you wouldn't have enough time to get it all mixed with some resins. Hope that helps!
only a couple of drops will make the epoxy opaque
I'm sorry, I don't have knowledge about this.
It really depends how much you use. If you use too little, it will not dry up as solid black.
The white color works fine for that, the Black doesn't not work well at all. For some reason the black needed way too much color pigment to cover even a small area.
I don't remember which size I used, but it allowed me to complete each animal without moving the hoop. That didn't include the flowers. If memory serves me, I had to move the hoop to complete the flowers.
Yes. Everything is included. Ample floss. I did not run out. Also has a needle. When our granddaughter was born, I added a cute pink ruffle.
No it isn't. It is just your standard "blue", however it is soooo cute when it is finished!
Yes, it is.
I would say so. Comes with great instructions. I am not an expert myself and I found it very easy to work. Dimensions are also very nice about sending more floss if you run out which seldom happens.
They come with a sleeve that protects you and the blades but without the sleeve, they are always open and they are SHARP!
Yes it can. My husband is right handed and has one also. He keeps it on his left hand while tying fishing lures with his right. It works fine in his left hand. Hope this helps
I love mine and should be fine for threads and I used mine for clipping yarn at a woolen mill. Just use them for that said threads and they will stay scrap for that use......
Mine are Gingher and they are AWESOME I might add.
They are not designed for cutting anything beside thread or yarn. There is no leverage for that unlike a scissor which provides more leverage and is designed to cut through material.
As far as I can see it looks exactly like the one I bought and on mine it is engraved Gingher.
Yes, and that's the standard size for most markers.
No it's semi it's a real basic beginner gun
I believe it was an 8.5" barrel. But I had already read the suggestions of upgrading the barrel so I purchased a 14" barrel.
No. I believe you will need to purchase a separate compressed air tank.
As far as starter guns go it is pretty good. The 98 has been around for a while now and is popular as rentals due to the durability and reliability.
It's not made specifically for a paintball gun but I was able to get a soft sided carrying case at Walmart. If I'm not mistaken it was only like $20-$30 dollars
.68 caliber most paintballs now are close to the same caliber and can be used in this tippman
I would think so.
It come with a co2 tank (cost extra to fill up, o2 is usually in clued in your entery fee) no paint 6 pods harnes for the thank and pods, hopper mask, oil for cleaning and rubber squeegee.
No.
Yes, the carver one and army models are all variations of the 98 custom. In short, they are the same guns with different stuff on them. And no Joshua, this gun takes barrel adapters as long as they are fitted for the 98 custom (and all variations that use the same body i.e. carver one and army models).
The 98 is a great gun. The auto feeder can help reduce the chance of chopping the balls (a problem that can occur during very rapid firing, usually not an issue with beginners). later on, the feeder can easily be added to the 98. it only takes a couple of screws and a novice can do it.
Its not that accurate of a gun. I ended up buying a longer barrel but that was a small improvement. If you are planning on playing speed ball, look for a different gun. The gun is terrible with stock parts. I ended up putting another 100 bucks into itand it still wasn't that great of a gun. It's a good starter gun but once you get out gunned by little rich kids it doesn't feel so good.
No sir, you got to but the flatline, and be aware it also does not have act
Yes.
The tippman barrel is 8.5 inches in length..and by far is perfect..If you are looking to get a longer barrel..DONT!!... the 8.5 is great and is built to produce less arc and gives a more precise shot!!-EVERY TIME
your going to get nothing but the gun..the listing says tippman gun..there is nothing else about it coming with anything else..there will be no instructions or spare parts..you will get a box..open it up...and you will get a gun neatly packaged for shipping..thats all...
I'm not sure on the exact weight but it is very light due to the aluminum construction.
Yeah the barrel really isn't too long but I ordered a flatline barrel for this gun on here. Or go to action village . com it gives a better shot for accuracy etc. Or you can always just order a longer barrel as well
Yes it will.iv never had any trouble!!
If I remember correctly, everything is stock - you couldn't swap anything out.. I could be wrong though, it's been years since I've looked at my paintball stuff
this is just the gun, barrel sleeve yes, lori
barrel is a 12 in... lori
I would say it is pretty accurate up to 50 meters. Only if you have a lot of FPS to get it to go over that distance without the paintball dropping. I use it with a Cyclone installed in it. The FPS at the field I usually play is limited to 390FPS... But I had it set for values like 440 FPS and it works fine.
Yes. Paintball Players Supply
Yes you can
yes but its not fully automatic....
Yea it's already installed and runs on a 9 volt battery and make the gun shoot at semi 3 burst and full auto also I highly recommend you buying the gun hope this helps
13
accuracy is amazing; best ive ever had
Yes it can.
Yes
I love mine and honestly as long as you keep it clean after using it, then that's the biggest maintenance there is. I recommend this 99%
.68 Caliber. This information is also on the Tippmann website where you can double check.
No, but you can upgrade this to a full auto with an e-grip
Just the gun.
yes, it might take a little bit of jimmy rigging on the bipod but if you get the rail for the handle all you need to do is drill a hole for the bolt. it was easy I did it with mine.
Yes I believe you can, but you will need an adapter to attach it to, otherwise you cannot use one. I have one, but honestly I cant remember if the Alpha Black came with it or not ... sorry, but here's a link to an adapter if you don't know what it is. http://www.amazon.com/Hydra-Aquatic-CO2-Paintball-Adapter/dp/B008ZAAP2K/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1391132731&sr=8-2&keywords=paintball+adapter
Some hoppers are too small. I have an Extreme Rage and it fits pretty well. You could get some duck tape and wrap it around the neck of the hopper to make it bigger. Had to do that on my 98.
The cable that has the two white circuits inside goes into the jukebox with "cricut name" facing up. The cable with the solid white circuit goes onto cricut machine with name facing out. You are going to love this device, it saves so much time.
I've only used it with the cricut cake, because all cartridges are compatible with both machines I don't see why you couldn't use it with the cricut expressions.
You should be able to as you can hook several together. I'd try Ebay.
Yes, a short cable that connects to the machine
I've never worked with or even seen an Explore, but if it has a port that cartridges plug into, then it will work. If the Explore is all internet based, without any plug-in port, then it won't.
Yes, just press the button for the cartridge you want to use that is in the jukebox station.
No. All you need is a Cricut
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
Maria, that is a very nice gesture but wouldn't you rather see if you can return it to the company or a craft store that carries it? They may provide you with a replacement or store credit. You do not need a receipt to return it. I am sorry it broke. Do you have another machine you can use to cut things out?
The new website is www.slicecrafts.com. They also have a new Facebook page: www.facebook.com/slicecrafts. You should be able to message them through the website or the facebook page.
Slice uses cards -- like those in a digital camera -- to store the letters and designs. To find out whether it's possible to make Arabic letters, check to see whether there are any cards with Arabic letters. If not, contact the company to see if there are plans for any.
Return the whole thing, and purchase Mini Cricut instead. That's what I did.
The answer is simple. This machine has a lots of problems. Circuit is simply taking over. If you do not th have on end o not buy one.
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
hi I have more information for you. another site said the square measures 2 7/16 inchs also. the uchida punches are great when you figure out the size of them. I usually measure the piece that punches out and mark it on the punch with a permanent marker. they are nice for punching out fairly thick cardstock. good luck
these uchida punchs are great, but amazon is not good about giving the correct size of the punched out shape. I go to createforless.com to get the real measurements. the 3 1/2" square punch is really 2 7/16 inches square. there is a rectangle also, you can get the measurements there also. good luck. hope you find what you need. it looks like extra giga is what you are looking for
Yes, I have a scallop square in this size and they also have a regular square in this size (clever lever giga size) - now the shape is actual square and even on all 4 sides, I luv the scallop square better then the regular non scallop square -
NO! I've tried. It cuts 110 lb cardstock, and 155 lb tag weight very nicely. But just can't cut plastic.
Yes, the clever lever extra giga are the light green and the largest size of this brand that I have found - I have this one (i thought this would be larger but it is still very nice)
it is 1+3/4" square
3" x 1 3/4"
This device punches out circles and it punces circles just under 3.5 inches.
I just measured mine and the warming plate is 4", but the base is like 5" x 5" (circular) and it is 1-1/8 (or close high). Even adding the little decorative piece, none of my measurements are as listed above. Only explanation (maybe) is that is the size of the item in its packaging. Hope this helps. By the way it works beautifully.
It melts and lasts for months. I love my candle warmer and wound up buying a few.just start with a good candle.
I think it wld be dangerous bcs liquid wax might ignite (?). When it's burning most candles give off a black soot u don't notice till later--when it's all over blinds, cabinets, etc.--main reason I prefer warmer.
No it won't work in Australai difrent voltage...!!!
It will take a 4-inch jar.
Warm. Let's just say I don't have to re-heat my tea 5 times like I used to. I've notice the more surface area the bottom of the cup/mug has, the better.
Yes, keeps coffee or chocolate good drinking temp.
Hi there, I'm not sure of the exact temperature, but it gets warm enough to melt large Colonial candles.
120V 60H2 17W
120VAC, 60Hz, @ 17 Watts. Hope this helps.
These blocks are 1/2 inch thick, perfect for flowers etc, and have good lines for lining up. Love them, can grip with fingers nicely, biggest one can hold a 3 1/2 inch round stamp comfortably down to 1 1/4 for the smallest one. Hope this helps.
A set of 4 round acrylic blocks for use with clear stamps: 1.75", 2.5", 3.5", and 4.5". All 4 blocks are 1.2" thick, and feature an alignment grid for placement. The great advantage in using see-through crystal-clear acrylic stamping blocks for unmounted stamps is that you can see exactly where you are placing the stamped image on your work! Made in USA.
Mine are 1/2" thick.
they are a water based acrylic. Beautiful sheens and the halo's are awesome!
Yes, it does.
Yes it will. They will show up dark. Try using them on a small piece of dark fabric and see if you like the results. I actually painted an area of dark fabric with the pearl white to keep the color I wanted true. Enjoy!! I really like these colors and I have used them on silks, cottons and wool.
These are actually acrylic paints, not alcohol ink. Alcohol ink is much more watery than these, these are great if you want a thicker coverage and want to use a paint brush. The alcohol ink is loose and covers whatever your working on in just a few drops, at least from my experience in making my eggshell pendants. I hope this helps with your question a little!
Yes as long as you heat seal the color to the fabric with a dry iron.
Each bottle is 1/2 oz or 14 ml. It does not seem like a lot, but I have a feeling this paint would go a long way. Unfortunately, I have not used much of it. Hope this helps!
Hello, the water and binder in the acrylic will likely cause the resin to stay gummy and not fully set up. There are special dyes and colorants available for casting resins that will harden along side the resin. You may also consider using dry pigment to color the resin.
I haven't tried them on glass. Interesting question! I've used them on metal and they covered nicely; did not look translucent at all. I may try them on glass.
I used them on tile--glazed--so I think so, but I cannot say for sure.
I'm not sure, because I've never tried. The paint will work on paper. I use a very small amount on a wad of paper napkin & buff a metallic shine on my paper mosaic glass jars. This gives them a beautiful, metallic color. Hope this helps.
The mannequin is 12" tall on a half inch thick base.
No, it doesn't. I think the picture depicts of the variety of products they have to visualize the different sizes.
Mine without the stand measures to 1 foot (12 ").
I'm not sure...but the one I received is about 12 inches high and can be put into any position with the help of the stand.
Terrie, I think this might be what you are looking for:
I believe it is a 2" core. I use it on a HP 790 plotter.
No, it's just plain white
No, there are no marks on it.
no grid. solid white.
I guess it would depend on where they are used. My husband put them on a license plate and they have stayed in place well, but eventually the weather will affect them and they will have to be replaced. I don't know how often they could be peeled and reused -- perhaps two or three times.
Yes weatherproof
12 sets of Numbers
Yes, an 8 year old who already enjoys crafting things such as a friendship bracelet will have no trouble doing this at all. There are only three steps to making a simple cord - R hand moving a thread down, L hand moving a thread up, turn the wheel a quarter turn. Then start again! The hardest thing to learn is always stopping after the R thread comes down. Imagine a compass with north/east/south/west marked on it, two threads on either side of a compass point. If you stop after the R thread is moved down from North to South, South will have three threads and North has one. You will always know that the L hand will have to move the thread from South to North. If you stop after the L hand has moved the thread from South to North (or end after you rotate the wheel a quarter turn), every point will have 2 threads again, and you can't tell where you left off very easily. As with anything, the tension gets better with time. Good Luck!
It will work with most thicknesses - rat-tail cord is a good way to practice and see the patterns. Wire will need to be pretty flexible. Just remember that the disk is foam and provides the tension for the thread or wire so expect a little bit of resistance as you put the thread into the slots - it is supposed to be there to hold the thread tight as you work. You will want something to weight the end of the braid - I generally use a binder's clip or scissor fob to help pull the braid through once it is started.
The disk is 6 inches wide, 12mm (about inch) thick. It has 32 notches for holding your braiding cord. I hope this helps.
It is very firm and should be long lasting. You should be able to make at least 100, but by then you will have bought more and different sizes, etc, etc. I love kumihimo!
I cannot locate one now to measure accurately, but they were appx 1" in diameter; they snapped "shut (a wider, convex side could be 'popped' down to close the bobbin/stabilize the thread." A subsequent craft shop visit revealed that the contents of the intro set exceeded offerings of other sets. As for costly weighted bobbins, one might well purchase 2 of these sets and weight bobbins with screw/bolt or other. In conclusions, compared with standard craft shop offerings, this was a good quality bargain!
No, it does not.
It was a gift for someone, so I don't have it to measure. The best I remember, it was approximately 7 inches diameter, give or take a little.
It's the nice thick cord...2mm?
It is a hand lift.
It holds up to a 35# machine so yes it would work.
It has the storage stop and the sewing top for sure. Don't know about bobbin change stop. there is a place for adjustments in height. I did not have to change anything as the first two stops were right where I wanted them and did not need the third stop
Yes, I have done that. Of course you would then need a cover for the open hole when the machine is in the down position. It appears to be a pretty straight forward job, however did require some carpentry work. Stan W.
Neither it's just a push lift mechanism. My husband easily installed into a older model Cabinet works like a charm. No more lifting machine best purchase I've invested in.
Dear Rosalie. This a sewing machine lift not a table. Yes you need something to mount it on-a sewing machine cabinet preferably.
Not sure I understand the question, but you can put the platform the machine sits on in any position you need to make the top of the bed of the machine level with the rest of the table. It's very easy to do. The directions that come with it are very easy to understand.
If a Janome 7700 will fit in the hole of a regular sewing machine cabinet, this lift is strong enough to hold it.
You might talk to your local dealer if possible, or try googling "sewing machine insert." I did and there was quite a number of hits. I really like my lift. I use it with my serger and don't have an insert, although it would be helpful if I got one. I may have to check it out.
My husband made a cabinet to fit my serger, the lift is fastened to the bottom of the board that supports the machine, so it is the actual support that needs to fit the hole. Hope that makes sense.
I use a larger cardboard box. Place the item that I want to fill in the box and transfer the beads in the box. That way whatever beads escape stay in the box.
No they are white
Yes
These are very light weight foam, I would be afraid to heat them.
That is what I bought it for. They are extra fine. I was looking for something a little bigger so I was kind of disappointed in them. It works but it is all over the place when you are prepping it.
This is best in those neck pillows. The beads are really micro. We use them to stuff the fingers of a puppet we make. I think slightly larger beads would be better for stuffed animals but really polyfill or fiberfill is the best. I've seen some beads used to add weight to an animal but generally they are not entirely stuffed with beads. Hope this helps.
I have several of the name brand "Squish" pillows that I have thrown into the washer on gentle and dried on the lowest setting and they turned out fine. They are made with the same filling. I bought the filling to make a pillow for my cat and will wash it when needed. Hope this helps!
The beads are white so I don't know if that will give you the look you are going for. Hope this helps.
I think they are smaller. But I think they would work
Tiny - like less than 1mm
It's exactly 15 cm square, or about 5-7/8".
It is standard origami paper size, about 6" square.
we bought these - they are red on one side, white on the other
6" x 6"
I don't know. I did not try to print on it.
No these are white on one side and colored on the other.
I have, it works well, dry it with a 1200 watt heat gun, be careful not to singe and or ignite the surface, wait to touch the surface until the area has cooled, do not try to drive or operate machinery while screen printing, ask your doctor if you're healthy enough for fast paced heat-setting
Yes these inks are opaque! I've printed on black shirts with this ink before. Just be aware that if you really want the colors to pop, you may have to lay on the ink a little thicker than you might with light colored fabric.
On mine, they were stiffer than the fabric, but really not as hard as the ones that are heat sealed on (like a decal). . . When the paint is dry, after you stencil or screen the design on, you need to "heat set" the paint. Which makes it washable. . . after a couple washings, it becomes softer.
Yes, you can mix the colors and they come out beautifully. When I used it, I made a reddish brown, aqua blue and seafoam green.
I haven,t had them for years. But, so far I haven,t had any problems with it coming off. Just make sure you heat set it properly.
They are 4 oz jars. The kit is a great way to get enough to do small projects. If you get more into printing. I suggest buying a bigger white and black. I use the small ones as tints and for small things. I do a lot of bigger pieces. But these are great for mixing small amounts
I believe it is water based, as I was able to clean everything up with ease (warm water and possibly a small amount of soap).
Yes they are
Typically a couple dozen easy, if you are silkscreening just scrap the excess ink off the screen when your done and back in to the container for better assurance.
yes, but you may want to also use a retarder to slow the drying down
Yes, I believe so based on the fact that I'm constantly setting cups of hot coffee, etc. on my desk top, which is entirely resin, without any damage to the surface.
Yes...easily....especially for small applications. I have used for mostly big applications like table tops with mementos submerged into the resin. For coasters.....this may sound stupid but it is quite simple. Use a Red Solo Cup this would make for a great coaster casting mold....it is a bit small on the bottom but they do make larger cups that you could use the base for coasters. It's simple because you put in whatever you want to preserve in the resin. Once it hardens you just cut and peel the plastic cup away and it comes off/out like an ice cube from an ice cube try. Hope this helps! I have also used Forceflex garbage bags to catch overspill and noticed that it peels easily from forceflex bags.....so you could make your own cup mold with forceflex bags...but it will have the diamond pattern in the cast resin.
Square foot coverage is right in the product description. As for scratch-resistant: I've had this on all my kitchen counters for the past 7 months and haven't noticed any scratches but I suppose if I took a knife to it I could leave marks. It's a hard, smooth surface that looks like water (especially if you have any air bubbles, and I have a few tiny ones but they look interesting). Do know that if you use it where you plan to set hot things (like a hot dinner plate), they will briefly stick. It doesn't do anything to the epoxy surface, but it's a bit odd & hard to lift your plate when it sticks a bit. I knew about this before deciding to use it - it's not a big drawback. This isn't the same as epoxy you'd buy to coat your garage floor - I'm told that's a harder, higher strength epoxy. More still if you go with a professional grade. I hope that helps.
I did my countertops a few months ago, and so far so good. If you leave things sitting on the counter for long periods, it leaves tiny indentions but they disappear over time. You do get very tiny scratches from cleaning but can not tell unless you are inches from the countertop. You must work quickly with this stuff because it does harden fast, but the end result looks nice as everyone thinks I have new granite countertops now.
I used regular blue painter's tape when I masked off a table I covered. Worked really well - no tape residue was left behind. Try to make a dam with the tape as opposed to covering like you would if you were painting. In other words, have the tape meet the epoxy at a perpendicular angle, instead of just taping off like you would with paint. (The epoxy will decoupage anything under it.)
Steel wood might scratch to much try 1000 grit emery look at car finish products.
I would think so, with the right type of mold. You would want a mold that's non-stick probably. Trial & error will be the only way to know. This resin does dry hard & clear.
Your best bet is to GOOGLE Enviro Tex and contact them directly. I have spoken with them on several occasions and they are most helpful and caring about their products and customers. Dan
It is not recommended because if the canvas flexes, the epoxy could crack. This is recommended as a top coat for rigid surfaces.
Yes. The only suggestion that I have based on my experience with this product is to be precise in your measurements otherwise the resin will not cure properly.
Yes. I stand most of the time I do plan takeoffs since I sit at a desk so often. It will lay flat although I use a slight tilt with a wireless keyboard & mouse and a wall mounted monitor.
The lowest height appears to be about 32 inches with top flat which is sufficient for a bar stool with a back and arms to fit under the table. I measured an additional 12 to 13 inches on the extension to heighten the table. Hope this helps. We love the table. My daughter is an AP Art student and uses the table daily. It is durable. She received the table for Christmas last year (2012).
I do not recommend that. It tends to wobble when I lean on it
According to the directions it works best on cotton fabrics using hot water. Adjust the amount for the size of the pontoon I would say yes it would offer additional SPF value to cotton canvass material.
Is the shirt made of Cotton? This product only works on cotton and must be washed in the hottest water possible. It will not work on polyester. This may not completely answer your question. In my experience most products already containing a UPF are not cotton.
I would use warm wash just to make sure it dissolves completely. The instructions didn't give anything about an HE machine. Would assume it is ok.
Nope, no smell at all. The fabric is not changed in any way except it's sun resistant. My skin is super sensitive so I am very pleased with the product.
1ounce
I use one envelope.
LARGE! 5cm or 2 in at the widest.
Each bag varies so it depends what ends up in the bag you get. You should get all the colors but may get only one shape of a certain color.
not really, just random colors. Probably get most of the colors you mentioned though.
I am not sure the exact number, but there was over 30 in each bag. The colors are very vibrant and the picture does reflect the colors in the bag.
Bag says 60 buttons
circle, triangle, square, heart, flower, hexagon, oval & star.
Yes, but no USB3 support.
Yes, it will. We love and use Ticonderoga tri write pencils too.
There is an art to sharpening colored pencils with a hand sharpener. It's very easy to break the tip. As manual sharpeners go, this is one of the better ones. But like all of them, it dulls pretty quickly. It's worth the few bucks I paid for it and I would buy it again. Hope this answers your question.
No...no triangular or oversized pencils
I doubt it. Look elsewhere. Very disappointed.
In front if the sharpener, there's a rigid part. You press that part, then on both the back and the front of the dark blue part. then pull apart from the transparent blue part. Then it's open. I hope this helps.
Hi Judy, it's manual.
The hole for colored pencils works for larger pencils (My First Ticonderoga) but not super jumbo ones (Lyra Ferby).
Neither. It's manual.
Yes. I tried it on a Ticonderoga #2 pencil and it even worked on the "my first" Ticonderoga pencil which is thick.
Hello, That's a great question. If there is a 3/16" that would be better. I'm sorry but we don't have that size though just the 1/4" and 1/8". Thank you, Bruce
Mine arrived as described, black. But I see your point on the picture.
Hi. They are not solid black, but rather a dark gray. Jeff
Pot metal
From base of head to base of opposite head is approx. 1/4 inch They can be used slightly longer due to the post and threads not necessarily having to be screwed all the way together. the heads on each side are approximately 1/16th inch IIRC. http://img0.etsystatic.com/000/0/5742178/il_570xN.111880666.jpg here is a link to an image of chicago screws that are probably the same size as the ones in question.
Yes it does
3/8 of an inch
5/32" (3.97mm)
About 1/8", maximum 3/16". Hard to say without the proper gauge
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
There is a 1 page sheet of instructions but it is hard to learn from scratch from this. What I would recommend is going to Youtube. There are a lot of people offering instructions on how to use these devices. The best one is Starla Turner. Her instructions are detailed and she goes through each device step by step. If you type in "how to use refractometer starla turner" ,you can find her. Then search her channel for all the other devices. Good luck!
yes, came sealed and protected.
It has a light.
There is a battery-powered LED bulb, but that is the limit of the GML-501's electronic capability. The numbers are read manually. The product is manufactured in China.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
yes it works great very good product right now I have a bout 30 spools all different colors they all work great would purchase it again when ever I need more. I hope this helps you
I wouldn't know as mine isn't a Brither, but most machines should have a rewinder built into them. On the top of the machine you can load a bobbin and then rewind onto it.
the beginning is on the bottom of the spool
On ThreadArt's website: Polyester Sewing Thread 600 meter / 660 yard spools 50 weight/3 ply Sealed in clear shrink wrap Spun polyester is the ideal multipurpose thread Outstanding durability, colorfastness, and low lint http://www.threadart.com/c-64-polyester-sewing-thread.aspx
It fits on my sewing machine just fine.
Diameter of base 1 5/8" & height 2.5"
No they are to small
I am sorry but I do not know. It is great sewing thread.
1.5 inches in diameter, exactly 13/32 of an inch in height, close to a half of an inch.
I don't sell them. I sell hand crafted baby toys with the rattles in them. However, you can by them National Artcraft. You can buy them through Amazon or directly from them. Good luck!
the rattle is waterproof and very durable. I use them in wrist rattles and fabric blocks for my pediatric physical therapy patients' exercise toys...I have yet to have one of them break...they are the best that I have found.
I have no idea what kind of metal balls. But, they make a GREAT rattle noise. You will like them...!
Fairly small, about the size of a quarter or 50 cent piece.
I don't know what the standards are and don't care enough to research it.
No tacks - just a cushion so to speak to place tacks or staples into. This gives the fabric a crisp edge when you fold it over top, then you staple thru the fabric and tack strip. Worked quite well for me and I'm a real novice!
No, you use it to stiffen the fabric, especially around the corners (like in a chair) and then it is stapled.
No there is no tacks embedded in the cardboard itself. This is just the card board. I used it to upholster a couple of cornices. This is used to fold over the fabric and make a clean seem. Done by placing tack strip over the wrong side of the fabric and stappling above the tack strip (I used an electric stapler). This created a nice seem line once I turned the fabric over on its right side.
It's a lil thin for it...
No, it was not flannel, it was smooth cotton.
It's mostly a lime green with other shades of green, but the photo is pretty accurate.
Depends on your overall style. The fabric may be a little thin as its not unholstery thick, however personally i think this pattern is one of the coolest i have ever seen. Its very bohemian and as i like bright and unexpected patterns and collors, ive used it in a 3-D wall hanging in my living room which also contains plum and orange curtains and a grass-green shag rug. I'd say go for it if your tastes run a little bohemian. It really is stunning fabric and is even prettier and brighter in person. You might try purchasng 1yd at first to see if it goes with your design theme
Yes! and very beautiful too.
It's kinda thin... maybe w a backing...
If you can, call fabric.com. However standard fabric store rules are that if you ask for eight yards, you get it continuously, one piece. I believe that I ordered just one yard, maybe I'm not the best person to ask.
No, it's very nice, fine regular cotton, not flannel.
It should. I have Copics in parts of mine which are a little smaller than sharpies and for the most part they stay in well. With sharpies having the clip it should secure them a little better. It's best for slightly thicker markers if they don't have a clip, but I have pens and mechanical pencils in some of my slots as well and they stay, since they have clips as well.
Yes, I store Copic Sketch and Copic Ciao markers in mine. It works great for both!
There's no elastic. They held in pretty well for the first few weeks but after pulling the markers in and out for awhile the pockets have loosened and they can fall out if you're not careful (they only fall out if the case is open) But the whole pocket is just plastic with a canvas border. No elastic.
I think so; I know I've worked with those markers but the exact size isn't ringing a bell---but if they're dual-tipped like Copics (ciao or sketch) or Tim Holtz distress markers, then yes, they will fit. :).
Yes
It they are the size of prisma color markers, they will fit.
Yes, although I have found they tend to stretch the plastic sleeves.
Yes they will fit.
nope, but I think it would be wonderful!
I used glass seed beads and it worked fine!
Absolutely, that's all I've used with it to great success. Both sizes #11 and #8 work beautifully, as do the tiny bugle beads.
I have not used it on the memory wire. I have a hard time using it for thread, I only used it once. Sorry I am not much help. :(
I used both the weird needles that it comes with to string them on thread, and the beading wire itself alone. Both work beautifully for size 11 beads. The more I use this spinner the more I love it!
I don't recall a loud noise., but the device worked fine for me. Kay
I am not sure about the width, probably 44-45 inches, the fabric is a good quality cotton, easy to sew with.
My experience has been by ordering 4 yds I would receive 4 yds. If I were to order 4 1yd pieces I would receive 4 1yd pieces.
What are the dimensions of the chair pad?
The repeat is approximately 14 1/2 inches.
12-35 psi
Maybe anywhere from 6-8 inches long and 3-4 inches wide not 100% sure because I sold mine. Hope this helps.....;-)
the kit in total probably weighs around 10 pounds. Very nice kit. works great
Excelente producto
It's 135 psi hth
Yes, as long as it is frozen
I'm not too sure. I wasn't very happy with my machine so I only used it once and stored it away. I would contact the seller see if they could sell you just the pen. I probably wasn't too much help. Sorry
There is a dial to adjust the pressure of air flow which will affect the spray stream. You can also press light or firm on the actual airbrush button as you spray for fine spraying or strong spraying.
It doesn't say in my instruction booklet the watts. The only information it says is close to that would be voltage is 220-240v/50hz, 110-120v/60hz, 220v/60hz. I hope this helps!
1 foot long and weight approximately 10 lbs.
It runs on regular 110 outlet it is a small compressor. It is a great system, you will not be disappointed if you decide to purchase.
this happened to me, it's the gauge, call them and they will replace free of charge.
Use the warranty. If You call and are lucky enough to get some one who isn't riding a Motor Cycle, yes he did give me the answer, however it was through much repetition and wind noise. Finding assistance on this product is almost nill and I was lucky to have got what I wanted. I might recommend the other bakers models that are not as powerful and you can see for yourself the likes and dislikes. I wish you luck, maybe, just maybe they changed there business practices, so I wish luck.
What does it look like ? There are two diff spray heads that make it come out wider and one for smaller spray an there is a tool to tighten the internal sprayer
I don't see why not as long as you have the adapter. My husband lived in England for a while and he could use most everything as long as it has the adapter.
The bundle comes with however many food dye bottles listed, however, you can either buy bundles of dye, or individual bottles from the seller off their website.
The compressor does have a small air tank attached.
No. Everything has to be airbrush colors
I'd say around about 5lbs..Compressor is the heaviest part.
they are the 4.5 oz bottles.
Yes, it's pretty quiet. We had a group of people over while we "played" with it and no one had to raise their voices! (There were about 8 of us)
I bought this for my mom because she does professional cakes. It does make noise, it's not quiet at all. But on the other hand it is not loud and obnoxious. And honestly, it is definitely worth buying.
Gold and silver yes white no there is an ivory however
Mine states: OIL - LESS AIRBRUSH COMPRESSOR (Piston Type) the brushes were Master Brand.
You have to search for the correct color in the beginning. For some reason they do not let you just pick a color when you select a randome one.
very sheer we had to double it so as not to see under the table
Yes it is nice color and quality.
I think you could use it. There is definitely a lot of fabric and it's very workable.
It's made in Chaina
Absolutely! This stuff is made for that. Is very small weave, open airy, and lightweight. Perfect for draping. I think comes in 10 yard bolts, or 30 feet. I think 54 inches wide. check the description. Is fairly sheer, so lighter colors tend to be almost invisible. Might want to use something more of a Silver rather than a white. the White will disappear at any distance. Bright colors don't have issues with disappearing. CHEAP as dirt! Fabric stores charge MUCH MORE for exactly the same. Buy extra, fun to use at Halloween for ghost effects in yard. Scott
What do you mean?
54 inches
It's 40 yards all on one bolt. All white.
If you order today it will go out Tuesday morning. It will get there in 5 to 7 days. We welcome your order.
On leather? Probably not. Unless it's soft leather. I used it on tiny foam stickers and it wasn't super easy to go through. I'd go with something more industrial!
I don't know about the batting or how thick it is, but, I use mine on fabric w/stabilizer between two layers (machine embroidered baby booties and similar garments). A couple of times had to do it twice, but, overall it has worked well for me.
Yes
Mine broke before I used it one time...company never replaced it...
It does 1/8" punches.
We got twelve puppets when we bought it about 12 months ago, so there was a monkey but out of six, I don't know. Yes, it fits adult hands quite well. Great toy.
None of the animal features are stickers. the material is either died or sewn on.
I am a seller of this item and the photo is an accurate picture of what the puppets look like and you will get from me. You will receive 6 different animal puppets, no choice of which ones. This is Lyle from LMC Products, I wish you the best, have a good day.
Anytime you order a product from a Seller that is "Fulfilled by Amazon", shipping is calculated by Amazon at the time of the order. If you add the product to your cart and go through the order process, you can see the cost before you enter your payment information. If you order the product from someone who ships the product to you directly rather than being "Fulfilled by Amazon", the shipping cost will be determined by the seller of the product. If you sign up for Amazon "Prime", all orders of $35 or more, are always free shipping from sellers offering "Fulfillment by Amazon". I hope that is helpful, have a good day from Lyle at LMC Products.
I'm not sure. I only purchased the one set of 6. I would advise you to only order this of it is for a small child. I ordered for an older nursing home resident & the puppets were too small to fit the hand. I'm sorry I couldn't have been more help.
No!No giraffe, zebra.
Eyes are sewn in on a few, plastic on others.
I believe so. However, there appears to be nothing toxic on them. The plastic noses are hard plastic and the fabric is an acrylic-type plush. They have no distinctive odor.
The tools are a total of about 4 3/4 inches long. The plastic coated handles are 2 1/2 inches to 3 inches long.
I've been using these for a few months now and I haven't had any issues with them. Seem to be very excellent quality - especially for the price. My only complaint is I wish the cutters were a little sharper - however I've heard it's hard to find a good cutter in general.
I no longer have the packaging, so I cannot be sure. It is a nice set and holds up. The only marking on the tools is "BeadSmith" Sorry to not give a direct answer.
Yes, you have pretty much all you need. I don't care for the flush cutters. I bought a better one. I find these dull and the ends are not sharp enough. But if you are using soft wire, sure.
I looks like it comes in a violet which seems pretty close to pink: http://www.amazon.com/BEADSMITH-FASHION-VIOLET-JEWELRY-COORDINATED/dp/B001EX4G4S/ref=sr_1_29?ie=UTF8&qid=1389583640&sr=8-29&keywords=jewelry+tool+kit There is also olive and chocolate around amazon, but it looks like the prices differ.
It is cotton, so there is some shrinkage, but it is commercially made, so not a lot
It is a very nice tightly woven fabric but I would imagine that there would be a glow from the candle light in the jar through the fabric. You could wrap the jar first with a dark paper or something like that to further block the light. Good luck with your project.
Yes
Might be, it's soft enough but not very warm though. I use it as a table cloth. And the threads on the edges are easy to become loose.
In my opinion , no.
no, interior only
Hi Gracia, It's really good quality cotton but not particularly thick (which is what you need to soak up lots of juice), you need something about the same weight as a linen napkin I would assume. This is about the same weight as a men's business shirt. I think you may need to double it or even line it with another type of fabric for absorbency. Also, not sure how it would stand up to repeated washing...it's a quilting fabric and quilts aren't designed to be laundered too frequently. Not sure how long it's life would be if it was washed over and over! Hope that helps :) Ines
45" wide
This fabric is sold by the yard. The ruler at the bottom indicates the size of the designs as the bottom light colored circle is just over 8" in diameter. This is beautiful fabric.
I think it would depend upon the length of the curtains and if there is direct sunlight into the room. I think it almost always pays to line curtains - they hang better and avoid sun fading. The lighter weight fabric you are considering using would work this way for curtains, but probably not for what we consider to be drapes.
My daughter used it on baked polymer clay and it turned out well. I would NEVER use it on unbaked polymer clay. It would just end up a mess. I hope that answers your question.
Its got lacquer in it. My daughter uses it for bottle caps and sells at the farmer's market. Works well for that application.
It dries hard, but not like resin. The finish can be scratched easily with a fingernail, but basically a surface scratch not all the way through. I think you'd most likelyconsider it hard though.
I'm sorry but I don't think I'm able to answer that question. I hope you can find the answer somewhere else.
I used this mold years ago, almost 10 years now. Live in NYS, upstate and it is still going strong. love it. made one extra mold when I was doing is just in case of breakage of one of the "stones"..gold luck
some do, however the ones i purchased did not. if you have a lowes near you they can be purchased in pairs when they have them.
We were able to. Just buy a few of the molds to do it faster
I know you can color the cement, and you can press pebbles into the surface after you've laid the cement but before you lift the mold off, but I'm not sure whether actually mixing pebbles, etc., into the cement would change the consistency too much.
Yes. One 50-lb bag is just about a perfect fit. Makes it very easy to gauge how much concrete you'll need.
You are dealing with a mold that provides for a 2" depth of concrete which is more than generous enough for any walkway or any form of landscaping decor. It really isn't necessary to do much in the way of ground preparation. If your intent is to allow the grass to grow between the poured stones anyway, you could just mix a relatively stiff batch of concrete and pour it right on top of the grass. The only issue will be keeping the concrete from oozing between adjacent stones--thus forming one large pour that is only imprinted by the mold rather than segmented by the mold into a series of smaller pours--each representing one stone. This might be easier to accomplish with a small amount of course sand layered on top of the grass, dampened and smoothed over to provide a better point of contact with the bottom of the mold. Then just pour and finish. Pour the concrete relatively stiff and keep a hand-trowel handy for finish working of the stones after you've released them from the mold. It all goes pretty fast. Most of the effort is in mixing, pouring and finishing. The preparation stage is pretty much negligible from a time and effort perspective. Another alternative that I have used with the mold when dealing with oddly shaped landscape details is to pour the stones in a remote location to where they will eventually be placed. My backyard is largely flat and sandy--ideal to this task. So I set up a little assembly line where I poured multiple iterations of molded stones, finished them, let them cure about 24 hours, and then I lifted them off the sand where they were poured and relocated them to their intended final positions in the landscape.
Roughly 16-18" x 22-24"
Approximate in inches...thickness is
I used to make wreaths, and yes the edges do fray but it didn't bother me ... sometimes I will cut off a fray if it looks bad. It's so much cheaper than the finished edge burlap. IF you really wanted to seal maybe try the stop fray spray stuff. hope this helps.
Do not buy... Frayed beyond belief... It's basically the end cut off a massive roll of burlap. I spend hours pulling and trimming strings to make the edges semi even
100 yards = 300 feet. So if you're wanting 100 yards, that's the one you want.
Yes
This item is only offered in the natural color.
This size is offered in the natural color only. We can offer the black in other widths. Please call us @ 800-238-0005 for more info
Yes this does fray easily. I used it to make burlap wreaths and had to do quite a bit of trimming when I was finished. I have had a wreath made with this one my door on and off for a year and it has held up very well. It is starting to fray a little bit now but I like the way it makes it look more rustic.
I am not sure if it is 10 oz -- I used it last year but I don't have any left and don't recall the weight
I used it for bows for daughters outside wedding. Pretty durable but don't know if thick enough for you're use several wrappings of thickness would probably work and the price is great!!!
The minute hand on our clock is 7" and the hour hand is 5.25". The clock movement was an exact duplicate of the original and it works perfectly. Hope this helps.
I only hear a sleight ticking sound from 7-10 feet away.
My feeling is that it would work fine. The clock that I repaired with it was approximately the same measurements.
All I know is it fit a 10 inch round wall clock perfectly.
No
Pendulum length is about 13 in from center of dial, arc of swing is about 3 inches. We are using our own pendulum, not one supplied with the movement.
About 10"
Mine seems to last about a year.
How do I get the free hands?
The pendulum with the clock is scored so you can break it off at different lengths. The pendulum is not needed for the clock to keep time, so you could attach just about anything there you want. If it's too heavy, the clock may wear faster, but I would guess it would be fine.
I would say yes it would. Make sure you get one that is made for the weight of the mirror.
it should. if the center part of the plate is to small for this circular pad, then i would trim the pad. i used it on the back of my wifes large spaghetti plate that belonged to her mother that she wanted to hang on the wall. it's been up for six months and no sign of pulling away from the plate. works great and id recommend.
I've only used them to hang pottery plates/platters, some quite heavy. I have always used just one and had no problems. I think you will be fine with two disks.
Moisten the back with the glue on it rub water in with you finger. Let sit until it gets sticky. ( I think a few minutes but am not sure) When sticky apply to back of plate and press out any air bubbles. Let sit over night.
No, I didn't like this product. I did everything according instructions and the next day all of hanger disc got unstick by a side. Very bad ptoduct. I had that thrown away them.
If you are asking how you remove the yellow disc hanger, I would just soak the plates in water and the glue should loosen up. If you just want to clean the plates without removing the hanger just use a wet cloth to clean the front surface.
Thanks for your question. When using two plate hanger discs to hang a heavy plate you would attach them across from each other on the back of the rim of the plate. You would then run picture hanging wire between the rings on the plate hangers and hang them on one or two nails/hooks on the wall, depending on the size of the plate, so that it would not show any wire or hook at the top of the plate.
im sure that it would. aluminum is less porous than ceramic
Yes. You can.
I believe it would show through. The glue side is an off white color.
Yes
The largest letters measure about 1" high, the medium 1/2" high, and the smallest about 1/4" high. I hope this helps.
Yes, that's what I have. It fits into a slot on the side of the machine.
Do you have that card reader in your machine ? I'm using this card with a separate purchased card reader via USB
Yes
You will have to check your manual if it is comparable. This card has old English, script,and block it also has the emblems very nice style of letter and programming is good to give good fill of letters
I do not have a Brother
It works fine on my Bernina Deco 650 if that helps.
Machine information says it has a card slot as well as usb so yes it should work with no problems.
Yes, this cartridge will fit a Brother SE400 machine. I use it with mine.
yes, this standard plate fits both duplo and the standard Legos
Supply and Demand, baby! A most basic economic principle.
Lego base is compatible with duplo so this table is compatible with duplo. you can build Duplo pieces on top of it
We've added a few individually purchased pieces (bridge, roundhouse), much less expensive than a whole set and the tracks out there are pretty universal.
its very neutral. the set is basic and isnt directed towards a boy or girl. the legos are standard Lego primary colors.
Yes, Duplo will fit. I just tried them. But honestly, the Lego side is built so cheaply that my son pulled the squares right off of the board. We need to hot glue them back on or something. They were already peeling off when we opened the box.
Hello....unfortunately I received a broken/defective table so it was never put together
Yes
No
You can use any train set on it. The set that comes with it fits the older Thomas sets and most generic wooden track sets
I no longer have this smock for my daughter. It was honestly junk. It felt like a thick plastic or thin vinyl. The side ties are hard for little ones to get closed. Which was a problem because my daughter used it for art class at school. After a few times of being folded up "kid style" it tore. I thought it would have been a bit more resilient because it was made for kids with art project and such in mind, but it was not worth the money. I would not recommend this smock.
There is chest pocket with slip to insert your child's name on a piece of paper.
The Smock comes with a paper to create your own child's name in the name tag area.
yes you can, you can just remove what you wrote with the mark eraser or nail remover. Comes off pretty good.
Yes, it would fit a 10 year old. My granddaughter is 5 and it almost reaches the floor and it is very big on her...I have no doubt that she'll still be wearing it when she's 10!
yes you can. the pouch in the middle of the smock has a card for your granddaughters name
Velcro at the sides:-)
Yes it does, it fits my 5 year old and 4 year old. It's not as smug as I want it to be, but it fits just fine to protect their clothes from paint spills
We do not offer this option. You would need to contact a seller who ships direct.
The felt in the pocket comes out and you write the name on that and put it back in the protective pocket.
No
The proxxon is quieter then the competition that I have used but I haven't used the one you mention. Also, you mention cordless...there is a big difference between cordless and A/C corded units.
Made in Germany for more endurance then normal DREMELS, mine lasted 2 years with very heavy, daily use until it needed a new circuit board, under full warranty. Cost is double what a better DREMEL would be, but I have 5 of them too, all burned out and too expensive to fix.
no problem...just get the right colet the 3mm or 1/8 in
It doesn't. It comes with different size collets. Keyless chuck is inferior to collets precision wise. It is more convinient, but if you think of precission, you think and look for kits, which have collets, not chucks. If looking for general use rotary tool, harbor freight one is just excellent and cheap. I have both: drilling pcb with Proxxon, and do everything else with HF. One more thing: if used with Proxxon drill press, you will have a very precise tool for drilling; if you attach Proxxon KT 70 table, you will have very precise milling machine... and so on ;-)
Motor torque seems higher in this tool than in other tools. RPM doesn't indicate torque.
No. Not possible. You need to find European version of the tool. I'll include link to the ebay item. If you won't be able to see the link, just go to ebay and type Proxxon rotary tool 220v. Here it is: http://www.ebay.com/itm/PROXXON-28483-High-Speed-Rotary-GRINDER-MOTOR-Collet-220Volt-CNC-SPINDLE-Drill-/360780416952?pt=BI_Tool_Work_Holding&hash=item54003047b8
I don't know for sure, but it doesn't look like it- the IBS/E isn't a 12V tool
That is the norm for everything in the states. Do you want to replace all your circuits, wires and outlets for 240 tools? Really? 240 is used for special appliances like hvac, ranges, dryers, large air compressors, etc.
I think 90. It's really good sized. I put all the recipes I wanted in and more and there was still at least 50 pages left. I used it for a gift and it was fabulous.
It would only work if you taped it in. There are no plastic sleeves to hold anything. It is all for hand written recipes.
It's not removable, but I guess you could paste over it! Just measure carefully and it could actually look really nice! The picture that's there is in a depression so there's plenty of options for crafting!
There's about an average of 20 pages in each section, proportionate to what most recipe books would do (I think there were approx. 18 pages for Appetizers, and approx. 25 for Main Dishes etc etc). With 5 sections it comes to approx 100 pages. The reverse of each page in all the sections is just titled "notes" so if you don't care about the pre-typed headings, you can write recipes on the revers of each page too.
Drop bobbin in with thread going counter clockwise. At the 10 o'clock pull thread through notch on inside of bobbin case and down to 7 o clock position through slot and up to 8 or 9 o clock position. If it has split plate with cutter draw bobbin thread through it and cut thread. Replace cover and it is good to go.
3x3
this machine is very good for beginners and there are many stitches for the advanced sewer and quilter as well. To help my daughter who is a beginner sewer to keep a straight line, we taped masking tape on the top. works great.
Hi, Eileen. The measurement is about 5.5" wide, 5.5" high. I think you could feed a full size quilt, but would have to roll it pretty tight. I quilted a 60" X 60" throw and it was not a problem.
If your main focus is monogramming for personalizing your quilts, the SINGER 7470 Confidence sewing machine has alpha-numeric stitches built in. You can stitch out letters and numbers to create quilt labels, etc. The SINGER 7469Q Confidence Quilter sewing machine does not have alpha-numeric stitches built in, however, this model does include extra accessories for quilting. Both machines have Drop Feed, and you can do monograms with the free-motion sewing technique on both. When you monogram this way, the feed dogs are disengaged, a Darning/Embroidery Foot (included with the SINGER 7469Q, optional purchase for the SINGER 7470) is placed on the machine. Then, the fabric is manually moved in a free-motion manner as you stitch. Use this technique to do not only monograms, but stipple quilting, thread painting and more.
Singer 74690 confidence quilter computerized sewing and quilting machine, like this one for quilting
Unfortunately, No, but it does have a plastic cover.
Lift the left front of machine and pull out. You will then see a hidden button on the back of the machine.
No, although it has many fancy stitches. I love this machine - it's very quiet, smooth and simple to operate.
Low Shank.
I have seen the 5 year knit on it. It is so easy it just depends on your child really.
The second-to-largest ring is best for adult hats, I find. Seems to fit almost everyone. BTW if you're worried about fit, try alternating 3/3 knit/perl rows, gives is it sort of a cinnamon bun look and lots of stretchiness.
Smallest(Blue) has 24 pegs, Green 31, Orange 36 and the largest Pink has 41 pegs. I also would like to add that the Darice looms have a starting outside peg to wrap the yarn around and hold it in place as you knit the first few rows...Martha Stewart looms do not. Each of the Darice pegs have rounded heads rather than the notched heads which are on the Martha Stewart looms and also some other brands( the notched pegs seem to make it harder to slip the yarn over).
They are bigger at the end but not what I would call hooks.
They look like it yes. They are really snug in the loom tho, if you poke them out with your hook you should be fine :)
Use the thick yarn or double the other normal yarn. I love making scarfs and hats&#128512;
I found the best yarns to use for a tighter stitch are bulky yarns. The gauge on these looms is bigger then a regular gauge loom. You can also use two strands of worsted weight yarn at a time to make a thicker stitch or different stitch techniques to make a tighter stitch with worsted weight yarns.
Yes, when you get to the last peg don't continue around instead turn around. You can find lots of tutorials on youtube to show you how.
There are 4 in a set Pink extra large is 11"/41 pegs...Orange Large is 9"/36 pegs...Green Medium 7"/31 pegs...and Blue small is 5"/24 pegs. Hats done on these looms would be xlg fitting adults, lg fitting smaller adults to teens, med fitting children, and sm fitting infants. I love my Darice Looms :)
No the pegs are fixed on to the ring, you can't remove them. They are all the same size, just the rings are different sizes
Hard. Not hard as a rock; certainly breakable but not soft and not crumbly. Good for plaque, tile, figurines, beads etc
No, it shrinks just a tiny bit
I believe you can . As long as the clay if fully hardened and the fake water isn't a pure solvent base product
No
it vries on the thickness and the size of the project..my larger projects, approx. 2 to 3 inches thick, take at least 36 to 48 hours...smaller projects take 24....it's kind of trial by air..but when it is pure white with no dark and no longer cold to touch..it's pretty much dried...hope this helped...Trudi
Indeed the frame structures of the easel is pre-assembled. All one has to do is just putting the nuts and bolts in place; which takes only five minutes. Better than most, it's a true beauty for your masterpiece.
It's about 29" X 18" X 7" unless partially disassembled.
40 inches plus. Easily holds a 36in X 48in X 2in canvas. Love it! Sturdy.
I am not sure what you mean, but you can log onto the Crayola website and they can answer all your questions. I contacted them with a question about it cracking and found out that this type of clay was cracking for me because I used it on a styrofoam ball. Because the styrofoam had no give or " it was too rigid". They suggested that I use a tin foil ball instead and it worked...my ornaments turned out perfect with no cracks. There staff really try to help answer any of your questions. I hope this helps.
I put 5 jr. high students to 1 bucket, but we had a lot of leftover. Depends on if they are making small or large sculptures... most of mine made small, palm sized boxes or animals. Even the bigger things would need to be hollowed out or it takes forever to dry, so I'd say you could get up to 8 kids with one bucket as long as they're not all making gigantic statues.
It's pretty strong but if you are molding slim areas like necks & wrists or attaching things, that might be a problem. It will fall if nit supported with something. I used tooth picks.
depends on the humidity and the thickness. at least 24 hours minimum
No, well it gets some what slimy but it doesn't go back to soft. However, If you are working on it and dries a little, it does become soft again if you add a little water.
Was it good and moist when you started using it? I have not had this problem so don't know what else it could be. Might have been over handled also.
I think it possibly could. It's quite soft, added water would make it a longer drying process and possibly a lil sloppy but not sure. We used it for making pinch pots and little figurines. When the old stuff kept in the container dried out a bit we added a small amount of water to remould and model.
It really depends on what you mean by small project. if you were doing small ornaments for a christmass tree, you'd get a whole bunch. My daughter was very liberal with her projects, she is only 7, and made about 10 large pieces. 16 girls is quite a large group and it really depends on what size items you are going to have them make, but I think you will need at least 4 for that many girls, 4 per container
It is not recommended. Force drying the clay could cause sever cracking.
it will last for years........you can paint it seal it.....for a large prop plan on a weeks drying time
Good Morning Briana, we are 2 days in house and it depends where you are located as far as how long it will take the carrier to deliver. Minimum shipping times can be 1 day and the max being 4 business days again it depends on where you are located. T hank you for your interest in our products we appreciate your business. Lura
One. You can keep the mold though and buy quick concrete to use if needed.
No it doesn't. All designs are responsibility of the one purchasing
They're neither. They're just a standard flour sack weight... In between burlap and cheesecloth.
I haven't had them shrink for me. I do wash with hot water, rinse with cold, and tumble dry most of the time. These haven't lost their shape, distorted the embroidery design or shrunk away from the fabric borders I've added.
Mika, I sure don't know about your craft. I do, have a bit of knowledge about acrylic copolymers. These towels should be perfect for your project as they have a very tight knit. this will allow you to use less paint and not bleed through. I would guess that the edges of your painting project will be more defined. Hope this helps! HKW
I pre-washed mine before I embroidered them, although they are already pre-washed. They are a bit wrinkled, but I didn't see it as an issue. If you want them smooth, you would need to press them. I'm very happy with the quality and will continue to purchase only these towels for my needlepoint.
Yes! These have a loop on one corner.
No. They are not. All the ones I just received 10 minutes ago say "Made in India" on the tag. Ordered them from this page b/c I thought they were Made in the U.S.
Mary Maxim's is currently selling these for $16.23 plus shipping and handling.
If the cost is approx $15.99, you will get seven (7) towels. Any other price point, you should read the "fine print" in the description of the towel. You may also want to check the thread count. The best ones are 130 per sq inch. They are more tightly woven and are great for embroidery.
I believe they would work for that purpose. Very nice towels in my opinion.
yes you should use rubber mats for embossing
It's about the thickness of one of the clear plates which allow just enough spongyness to allow a good impression. It's a must to get a good impression with the black impression plates. Hope this helps.
Just the one! :)
The black plate is used for embossing. Layer from the bottom up...Multipurpose platform with number 2 shim flipped back. Next layer clear cutting pad, metal die with cutting edges facing up, card stock is next. Add silicone pad and lastly the black Impression Pad. Good luck!
Yes, I suppose so, but why would you want to do that? You may need it the full length for future texture plates you may purchase. I emboss the full length of cardstock and then just cut the cardstock the desired length/size for the card/project. Hope this helps.
I'm sorry I can not answer. Hope you can find out from other sources. If I may suggest try You Tube and see if they show a video on this process. Cat
I'm sorry I have never tried it with the Cuttlebug. It certainly wouldn't hurt to give it a try and see.
Yes. All products made for the sizzix machines (except the pro) work with the Vagabond as well because it is a Sizzix product.
This pad is the top plate and is used with a silicone rubber mat. This works with slim metal stencils and dies. Not the thick big Sizzix die.
I agree with Deborah. You need the 12 " platform and cutting plates. I use layers of craft foam for more details on the embossed results
I bought it to use to condition polymer clay, and the thinnest level gets close to that, if not even thinner.
Not hard at all. Since it has non stick rollers the clay doesn't get on the rollers much at all. A quicl swipe with an alcohol wipe and you're good to go!
1/4 is probably the widest you'll get out of it, however, it might only be 3/16. Anything thicker, that you might want, you'll probably be better off using a rolling pin/acrylic roller with something at each side to keep your thickness consistant as you roll.
Yes, it does a great job.
I seriously doubt it unless it has the elasticity of homemade pasta dough as does Polymer Clay
This was a gift so I do know that the person receiving it did not have the type of clay that was needed for the machine.
According to Fiskars website, Large=1.5in and Extra Large=2in
I do not make this product and they are missing out by not giving dimensions! My medium is in the package and it is one inch--- I think. The only other one I bought was large and that was about an inch and a half. The large one I used with milk gallon bottle caps. This is where I got the ideas http://www.themeasuredmom.com/make-your-own-easy-and-beautiful-milk-cap-letters-for-tons-of-learning-fun/. Good luck!
It maes a circle of 2 inch of diameter!
The size is 3,5 cm = 1 3/8 in.
I think is small, I was a little bit disappointed, I was expecting that it will be bigger :(
Hello, The plain heart and the scalloped heart in this Large squeeze punch are both 1 1/4" at the widest part. The scalloped circle in this picture is 1 3/8". Best regards, Joni for Totally Crafty
According to Fiskars website, Large=1.5in and Extra Large=2in
I do not make this product and they are missing out by not giving dimensions! My medium is in the package and it is one inch--- I think. The only other one I bought was large and that was about an inch and a half. The large one I used with milk gallon bottle caps. This is where I got the ideas http://www.themeasuredmom.com/make-your-own-easy-and-beautiful-milk-cap-letters-for-tons-of-learning-fun/. Good luck!
It maes a circle of 2 inch of diameter!
The size is 3,5 cm = 1 3/8 in.
I think is small, I was a little bit disappointed, I was expecting that it will be bigger :(
Hello, The plain heart and the scalloped heart in this Large squeeze punch are both 1 1/4" at the widest part. The scalloped circle in this picture is 1 3/8". Best regards, Joni for Totally Crafty
It will scrap off it minor pressure or scratch pad. If I was giving it for a 5 year old I would top coat it anyway. Don't think the paint would hurt but I would be more comfortable over coating. tx
There is no indication on the bottle that indicates they are flammable, the paints are water based. You may be able to find additional information on their website: www.createxcolors.com
No I had to buy it separately
About equal depending on how thick you want the coverage. Hope this helps, this is the kind of question that depends on the operators skill. :-)
there is a paint thinner by createx or depending on what you want to use it for.. clear windex works good for me.. ( I use this for spray painting finger nail designs)
Yes and they can be thinned.
I have not used them on plastic, however they said they can........and yes soap and water clean everything well
Yes they are good on all non porous materials including porous if sealed first note a base primer will make the clear colors pop!
Yes, though I'd do a test spot somewhere to make sure the fabric takes the paint the way you want it to look. You won't be able to "set" the paint as well as you can on other fabrics, since usually heat is what makes the pain set (iron or in the dryer) but you could use a hair blow dryer to be less damaging to the silk...I'd have to know more about the fabric and what you want to do with it to answer more specifically than that...
Yes, you can do graphics on an automobile.
No I don't believe it does have a push button thread cutter. the only machine I know of in this price range that has a push button thread cutter is a brother se 400 which is a 4 inch embroidery sewing machine.
The dimension is 7 3/4"
Amazon is an authorized dealer of Janome, so the warranty applies to a machine bought on amazon.
I am sorry - I do not understand. Do you mean a "see through" area? Or how much clearance the needle has? That would depend on the settings for back and forth movement. I don't know if this helps.
I have not had a problem using my machine for that type of fabric. I did small projects though. I would say so long as you are using the right thread, needle and tension you should be ok.
Depends on what you call Heavy-duty - I would not try and sew canvas, leather or very heavy Jeans. But you can quilt smaller Items on it. The keyhole/Pass through is not very large so trying to push big gabs of stuff though it is not going to happen. I would look for a Juki or Thomasson machine I think it is called.
I don't think so. I have sewn a few layers of jean, but I think that is far as it will go. If you are going to be doing a lot of leather sewing, I would suggest finding an old vintage machine. Or if you can afford it, an industrial sewing machine.
I've never had a machine with automatic tension. I've never noticed a need for this feature. This is a very good, basic machine. It will last for years and years. I am very happy with it.
O. The Inside of the machine has an aluminum C-frame which the machine is built around. This does not mean that the whole machine is metal -- but it does have an aluminum C-frame on the inside that other parts of the machine attach to. A C-frame is one piece, so there is less bend compared to machines where two halves are bolted together. Thank you,
Nope. You have to buy it separately
Try Brother customer service: 1-800-284-4357
It is used to get a 1/4 in seem in quilting. I use it all the time. Hope this helps!
yes it will
Did you already check brother website? I checked the website and I found that this accessory SA185 does not work with 1034D. You can check the information with http://www.brother-usa.com/homesewing/accessories/AccessoryDetail.aspx?R3AccessoryID=SA185#.U5-t3SiAoQE
Yes, when you get this foot, go to your machine directions and set the needle in the middle position permanently, this will be a foot that you will love. You'll pay $30 if you get it at a dealer.
This foot fit my Brother just fine. I see no reason why it would not fit yours. Happy sewing!!!! The foot is wonderful and the ladies at my quilt guild could not believe I got it for this low price. I actually do a lot of applique. I love piecing now with this guide on the foot. I would definitely recommend every quilter should own one.
My suggestion is to get a ruler and draw 1/4" line on the side you are wanting to sew. Then sew on the line - it will show you where your needle should be positioned. My Brother has to be on #1 for this foot to work. I also found I like to use 3.0 stitch when using this foot. It just seems to work best for me on this length. I hope this was helpful.
Sorry, I bought I for my Quattro. If you go Sewing Machine Plus and go to presser feet it will tell you what machines it will fit.
Pull up your machine on brother.com and go to accessories or go to your manual it will be listed there. Good luck.
I read up on this foot when I purchased it, and what I found online at the Brother site was this it fits any machine with a long-shank for presser feet. I use it on my Singer Quantum Stylist, and it fits and works perfectly. Check the shank on your machine, if it is long, this foot should fit.
No it is a free motion quilting foot so you don't use any fees dogs with it. It will allow you to stipple or do other free motion designs
Yes it will fit any brother machine. And it work great
I used to sew about 3/4inch
Yes, Thanks Sammy
It does not come with the quilting guide. We have it in stock as well as the SA129 and the part number is SA132.
I have a Brother SE400 short shank and it fits just fine, have no problems, as long as your machine is "short" shank should be good to go.
I did research and it does not appear that it fits
I don't know if all brothers are the same so make sure you check with your manual to confirm. On my machine I have to take off the presser foot and unscrew and take off the presser foot holder. The quilting foot fits to the left side facing out where the longest part of the eyelet is horizontal. Then just screw it in to tighten. To make sure your threads lock pull your working thread through the quilting foot, top to bottom.
Sorry, I'm not sure but ask any sewing place that carry either Brother or Juki and they should tell you. Probably can ask a sewing center on the Internet for help.
Its not 100% either. It's mostly mostly metal, but the part that is at the botom that touches the fabric is plastc to make it see through. .
yes it fit on my low shank kenmore,it makes a big difference
Not sure which brands it fits but I would guess it should since Kenmore is a popular make.
I don't know. It fits my brother. I think it will fit a short shaft.
I do not know if it fits a Janome. I use a Brother machine. It works great with the brother CE-5000 PRW machine with a straight shaft.
I'm not familiar with a lot of different machines. I have a Janome 2212 which is a very basic model and it works well with it. I used to have my grandmother's singer and this walking foot worked well with it also. Seems to be pretty versatile. HTH
These points are quite fine, Micron 01, which also means .25mm. The colors are vivid; but very thin lines. I hope that helps you.
These are excellent on fabric; however, make sure that after you draw on the fabric you press it well with a hot iron. After that you can wash/dry and color will not come out. The colors will not fade either. I've made many quilt labels using these pens.
Yes, they do b lees quite a bit, even on thicker paper than that.
Yes they are permanent. easy to use, makes a nice fine line. I used it on very smooth stone. My only complaint was 1/2 the pens came with very little or no ink at all.
I would think you could. Those are great pens.
I have not used on fabric, tried to use on ceramic, but an acrylic spray caused it to run. You may be able to heat set it though, seems like you would need to test. Mainly designed for writing and drawing.
Yes, you should have no problem using these with a standard drill bit chuck. These are a great value and last longer than I expected.
Interesting question. I checked mine and while the size varies a bit, most came in around .65 mm on the small end, tapering up to about 1.7 mm.
2mm
Don't know. Sorry
Yes.
I use mine with a pen vise. The end that fits into the drill is sized for any standard drill, and while I haven't used an electric reamer, I imagine it would fit.
What is it you want to do? Almost any of these knives can make a 1/8th inch cut. Are you carving figrures, reliefs, or woodcuts?? I am msainly a woodcut artist. These tools are fine for all those purposes. Learn to keep them sharp. If you have more questions, email me at nicholascrome@yahoo.com. Or phone 812 339 2245.
Your best bet is to use a chain saw to half the tree then 6 in. grinder with cutting disks to hollow out the tree half then chisels to finish and smooth.
Hi, Sorry. Won't work for your purposes. Don't know of any that would Oxxxo
they are sharp enough for wood which is their intended purpose
Not very strong or good smooth edges
China (more than likely). Almost every chisel in the set I purchased was not ground sharp. These were nearly useless for me.
I consider these to be strictly hand tools for use with a mallet. I do not think the wood/metal joint on the handle would stand up to lathe work.
It will work if you know how to use the attachment. Being new I could not get mine to work. So the answer IMO is yes it will work IF you know how to use it.
No because this side cutter doesn't work. It doesn't cut like it says it does. It's a waste of money.
Yes, it will work on a Kenmore and will sew beautifully too.
This foot fits low-shank center-homing needle machines with a maximum zig-zag width of 5 mm. If your machine is a slant needle, I do not believe that it will fit. Since I know little to nothing about Singer machines, I cannot be more specific in my answer.
It does fit my Singer. I do not know about the Viking.
Are you following the directions exactly? Before starting to stitch, cut the seam allowance of your fabric at least 1/2 inch to give the side cutter a place to start. Also, you need to watch the weight of your fabric - this is not a serger-type of system that will cut any weight of fabric.
I believe it will work on any low shank machine.
I believe it will with any low shank sewing machine.
yes
Yes it will work on your machine because it's a low shank sewing machine.
I am not familiar with Elna, but if your machine has a low shank foot, it will work. If your machine has a slanted shank, it will NOT work.
The presser foot shaft requires a foot shank, probably a low shank( 1 1/4 inch) but could be a high shank to which the foot snaps onto. They are available on Amazon but you need to check the distance from the bottom of the shaft to the screw. High shank foot adaptors are longer( 1 3/4 Inch) than the short by at least a half inch.
The best I can do is send pics from my book. I will make the as clear as I can and hopefully you will be able to enlarge them. Good Luck.
Yes they will fit the brother L x 3125
if it is a low shank foot machine, it should fit.
Yes
Bought one of these for my wife. Sad to say that is one not included. Had to get that separate but it still impressed her and the other ladies in her circle. Not sure of the xr 9500 but it fit 2-3 other Brother machines. My understanding is if you find it to fit one Brother it should fit them all and at the price, you aren't risking a lot if it doesn't.
Yes it will, definitely.
the set says it will fit any low shank machine i cant say if it will fit yours or not but if your machine is a low shank then it should
It fits the Brother Project Runway CE5000PRW
This machine comes with the belt but it has to be put into an actual old fashioned treadle sewing machine cabinet. There are newer cabinets that are made but they are very pricey. I was lucky enough to already have a cabinet that I had the old treadle machine switched out for the new 712T Treadle Powered Sewing Machine.
Yes, assessories include 5 bobbins, instruction book, set of needles, seam ripper, oil, zipper foot, hemmer foot, overedge foot, sliding bottonhole foot, blind stitch foot, lint brush, small screw driver. Very nice machine.
Hello, It comes with the treadle belt, 4 bobbins, needles, oil bottle, cleaning brush,seam ripper, screw driver, three specialty feet, and three attachments. The people I bought it from are great to work with. I had a missing part and they sent me one, no questions asked. I hope this answers your question.
The average length of a belt would be 72" Leather would be preferable.
Hi Cheryl, We don't have one on the floor but it has about the same size as some of the other sewing machines. They are about 9-9 1/2 inches between needle and the neck of the sewing machine. If you have any further questions feel free to call toll free at 800-442-8227 and ask for our sewing specialist Paul. Thanks, Scott
It runs by you turning you wheel with the hands god blessed you with.
I have not had occasion to use it to sew patches on a leather jacket. I have a heavy duty Singer electric machine, and have not found anything the Janome can't match. You would need a strong needle and a good treadle cabinet and belt. Sorry I'm not of more help.
Yes! This machine has a reverse with a push of a button. It is a great machine.
Yes, it can sew on quilts. It seems to do most things that a regular sewing machine does except use electricity!
Janome has not produced a hand crank for this machine, that I am aware of!
The thickest stuff I have cut with the deep blade is tag board that is like 3 sheets of card stock thick. It did not cut all the way through.
Yes . The deep blade housing is made so that it is able to cut through thicker exposing a little bit more of the blade. You will need to replace regular blades a bit more often but yes. cathy rigby's book gives a great chart of pressures needed for thicker materials and regular housings.
The blade and housing I bought did not work, so I still don't know what it works on best. Haven't been able to find replacement. Circuit may be great, but I've never been able to use mine.
Yes, Pull the patch off a little more, Be Very carful with this Aleene's glue it is Very Runny. Squeeze out just enough, Once you glue right up to the Edge of the Patch Press firmly, It's better to put something Heavy on it. BEFORE it is Totally Dry, say about 15 minutes take some duck tape and dab at any excess that has escaped from the edge of the patch. then put your weight back and let it dry, a good 8 - 12 hours.
To my experience, Aleene's Platinum Bond Adhesive (now called Aleene's Super Fabric Adhesive, but the UPC number is still 0-17754-15271-8), does not cause plastic gemstones to degrade and have a cracked appearance. I have made many costumes for my children with this Aleene's product. Over the course of fifteen years, I have never seen any gemstones take on an unusual appearance even after ten years or more. I've attached plastic jewels to fabrics ranging from real and fake leathers to satin, chiffon and netting (butterfly wings). I can't say enough good things about this particular Aleene's product. I have never tried the E6000 product of which you speak, so I can only imagine the cracked appearance you describe in your question, but I can say the plastic jewels I've mated with this glue look just as good as the day I applied them to the fabric, even years later. I have used the Allene's Tacky Glue (in the gold colored bottle) and it doesn't work at all. Delta Jewel Glue and Beacon Gem Tac are slightly better than totally worthless, but just aren't in the same league as Aleene's Platinum Bond. The Platinum Bond Adhesive also really does work in the context of running things through the washing machine (in a lingerie bag), and plastic jewels don't look any different afterwards and two fabrics glued together don't fall apart.
it is a little stiffer, but still flexible. i used it to reglue patches on jeans that were coming up. i found no other glue that was better.
For a blow up bed I use "Coghlan's Airstop" vinyl repair (including on seams). I think I once tried Aleene's as an add-on to the patch that came with my inflatable bed, which gave added strength to the patch. I don't know why I did not use Aleene's on seam subsequently, other than instinct that it wasn't for holding air pressure. The Coghlan's worked beyond my expectations (it also is great for inflatable pool toys).
I've used it to hem a faux leather skirt for a Xena Warrior Princess Halloween costume and it worked fine. Also, used it to glue rickrack and plastic gemstones and sequins to the leather. The issue will be if there is an exposed edge of the seat that will tend to peel back with abrasion and/or sheer stresses over time. The glue works on vinyl faux leather.
It does dry clear but I don't know how good it will look on a dress shirt. It is somewhat flexible after drying but remains somewhat stiff and I don't know how inconspicuous it will be on a dress shirt. Worked great on my canvas shoe repair.
it dries pretty quickly, but I would not count on wearing it for a couple hours. glue that dries more quickly is E6000 - but I would still let it dry for awhile... check the E6000 for details.
I believe it will work because I used it to bond a hem on a curtain or drape and the hold was so strong, that there was no way I could rip the material apart. I didn't have to even iron the hem to get the glue to ahere, since it dried within 30 minutes or so. It's thick and clear adhesive, so be aware that it can get messy. Just be sure to place the velcro where you want it in the right place the 1st time, cuz you can not retact it a second time. Unless you want to clean residue or damage your fabric, which won't look very nice. Again, this is my opinion, an expert would probably tell you differently. I hope someone else could better assist you; if I didn't. Good luck.
It is thicker than white glue. It is more like the consistency of new rubber cement (not old, partly dried out rubber cement). I have never had a tube that was the consistency of bread dough (if by "bread dough" you mean something you make kneading by hand and not in a machine, something that is the consistency of new PlayDough for example, then it sounds to me like there is something wrong with the tube you have). One caveat to my answer: if you poke too large a hole, then it tends to come out in large quantities on its own, and then is a pain to work with. With practice one gets good at controlling the amount dispensed and it is much easier to work with. I push it around with toothpicks sometimes; other times, when I don't very much care where it ends up, I smoosh it around with my fingers because if there is an excess, it can be a bit of a challenge to work with. I hope this helps; good luck.
This stuff is incredible. I used it to reattach the backing to a rug and it has held like iron.
You need soda ash to fix the dye, a bucket or tub large enough to soak the rug in the soda ash solution, and gloves.
Yes, but... The dye color is a bluish black even when double concentrated. You would want to mix in 1/2 warm black and 1/2 jet black in a double strength dye. And of course, don't dye the waistband.
It will come out spotty if you dilute it. I would suggest you using another dye. Good luck!!!!
Because most canvas awnings have a vinyl coating or waterproofing. Which would render them unable to be re-died
No, I haven't used it for this purpose.
No. This is a very basic machine. I regret having bought it as an extra machine.
The Magnolia is a great machine and portable as it weighs 12#. DO not know anything about The HD1000 for comparison but I love the Magnolia and how it performs for quilting. It feels like a sturdy machine that has great durability over the years. There are enough special features to the Magnolia to make it a good machine for crafting or sewing.
All it says onthe back of the machine is 120 V, 60HZ, 0.6A
The Janome Magnolia 7318 does not come with a a case. I bought mine two years ago and found a 'universal' case at Walmart that it fit into quite nicely and at a nominal price (less than $25 including tax). The Magnolia is a sweet single basic machine that is quite user friendly and reliable.
Yes, it very easy to thread. The needle eye faces frontward and you don't have to crane your neck to see the eye. I wear reading glasses but occasionally I don't have them on and an surprised that I can thread the machine without wearing my glasses.
Yes, I have done so with this machine with no problem.
We have sewed multiple layers of fabric perfectly and we have sew some leather projects on this machine. Although I would not use this machine constantly to do leather or super thick layers
Fairly easy. I never use my machines in this manner, so I may not be the best judge.
I love my Janome magnolia sewing machine, but I don't think that I would try making denim clothes on it, unless I would perhaps serge first and then press to one side and top-stitch the fabric. I would certainly proceed with caution with any machine though and be sure to use the appropriate needle. Hope this helps.
Yes it will. Lower the feeder feet and use a quilting foot. I do have to say it works better with smaller projects than bigger ones. However, if you can do your quilt in segments, quilt them first and join them later it does fine. There are videos on youtube that show you how to do this.
I've not had any difficulty with denim. Just today, I sewed Suede, the machine handled it without any problem. The button holing is super easy. They come out really nice. The largest I've done is a little over an inch. I've still not used all 30 of its stitch capability. I recently made photography backgrounds for my wife's photo business. Different weights of fabric were used. No problems on any of them.
Yes.
The Janome DC4030 Pink Ribbon has a pink ribbon painted on the front and the company contributed to the cause for each pink ribbon machine sold. There is no other difference in the machines as far as I know. I really like my machine.
It does. You just won't be able to use the automatic threader. It doesn't come with a dedicated spool pin, but there are workarounds for that. The universal foot should work fine.
I've not experienced any tension problems on thin or thick fabrics with the tension setting on auto. Too, you can easily adjust the tension, should you desire to suit your fabric or sewing style.
Yes.
The question is not complete enough to formulate an answer.
Janome no longer makes the DC2030. The Janome 3160QDC runs $599. If you have any other questions instead of responding to this answer click on Sewing & Vacuum Warehouse below and contact us through Amazon's email system. I'm not able to reply to your comments. Thank you Sewing & Vacuum Warehouse
Yes. And don't forget leather needles and a nonstick sewing foot or Teflon foot, these do not come with the machine.
I haven't tested all thread. T-40 will be safe. Topstitching threads are also fine with an appropriate topstitching needle. Also when using heavier threads decrease the top tension and if using it in the bobbin, it may also need adjusting. Usually I keep two bobbin cases on hand, one specifically for T-50 and the other for specialty threads or heavier threads. I only use this machine for travel or just straight sewing. My answer applies to most home sewing machines with removeable bobbin cases. Happy Stitchin', BAMAY
We bought the machine for our daughter, who sews dog collars- 2 layers of cotton webb, hemp or polyester webbing plus 2 layers of decorative ribbon. It sews through all the layers without a problem. She has also sewn 2 layers of jacket lining & it was fine. Something you might want to do is check out a Janome dealer, who might have machines to try out.
Yes, easily.
I weighed it and it is just under 17 pounds.
Yes
I have seem four layers of canvas for a boat. The you tube demo sewed a yard stick. It's impressive
when sewing delicate fabrics on any machine, put a piece or strip of tissue paper on top of the fabric and sew through it and the fabric. The paper gives the fabric extra thickness then just tear the tissue away.
6 inches its not a big machine but is solid
I don't know how it compares to the Singer. The Janome is my first, but you may be interested in this. I made a travel purse out of a pair of old Levi's. It involved cutting the rear pockets off a pair of 501's and sewing them back to back. making a wallet of three pockets. I used the fly as a closure and the waistband as a neck strap. I was able to stitch through those two pockets, which was quite thick. Tension is adjustable.
I really don't think so. Try calling a JANOME dealer or go online. There is a small hoop. Hoop C. Good luck.......
No, you would need to have someone digitize it into an embroidery design.
You can use hoops sizes 4x4 and 5x7. It comes with both hoops.
Yes please, Kindly send me a software and include a memory card for me please.
If you can hoop a sticky adhesive stabilizer, then you can stick the cap to that and embroider it.
No. I use it for flat felting
299.00 with free shipping. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Yes, I believe so. I had one break..just haven't replaced it. Although it has been a few months since I've used this wonderful machine...I don't recall it being a big issue. Hope this helps ;) PS. This comes w/a DVD instructional material...really helpful!
No. The only thing the machine actually does is have the set of barbed needles go up and down felting together whatever you have set under them. There is no thread and the space where the bobbin case would be on a sewing machine simply catches the lint from the felting process. It does create a substantial amount of lint while you are working. Learning to NOT move the fabric until the needles start and to stop moving before the needle stop is very important in not breaking needles. I have never broken a needle but I am very careful. Probably watching a YouTube demo would help. Very nice machine.
Yes, no problem
Four
Yes
Hoop ID 5" x 6" comes with LB6770. Go to Brother accessories site to see if it will take larger ones. Haven't done much embroidery but it's always perfect.
I've never tried it, I'm sure there must be a way. The size is limited and it takes a little time and skills to get the stitches adjusted. Keep in mind it is a household machine and you won't get Ralph Lauren like stitches on you polo. But it is OK for household use.
Yes it has a very good self threader.
I have been looking at purchasing either machine myself for the last week (looked at the specs on both, haven't physically looked at either...)and the only difference I can come up with is the THRD looks to be manufactured specifically for Costco/big box stores. The PRW is marketed thru standard sewing machine suppliers. I don't think the THRD comes with the extras you get with the PRW, and it might also have a plastic housing (haven't physically looked at one, but I am corresponding via email with someone who is selling one..she thinks it's plastic). Hope this helps!
The picture size it holds is an 8th so the opening is 8x10
Flat
Yes
Sure does.
No. Flat back
The holes are a bit larger than the screening used on a dryer lint trap so some of the particulate might escape, depending upon what you're using it for. For a dryer, or for extended outdoor use I'd get a fine metal mesh from a hardware store rather than this tulle. But, to answer your specific question, the holes are definitely big enough for easy air flow, even if it was doubled over on itself.
It's kinda stretchy from what I can tell. Very thin fabric too.
It's sold by the yard, if you need more than one yard buy an additional for however many you need.
Yes, this is for the cricket machine. It should work on any cricket machine that you own.
Not sure, with a 12x12 Cricut machine. I have a 6x12 and the envelopes are very small - no bigger than maybe a 4"square, if that.
Hello Monica, I think you can but I don't own a cuttlebug but it is a regular cartridge so if you normally use regular cartridges I don't see why not. Kalina
This is a sit flat only as there is no way to hold them in place. I plan to add several more slots to put in thicker rulers that fold in half. Really like mine, as my rulers we're constantly breaking off corners when they fell off hooks & hit the concrete floor in my workroom.
I called Dritz, the manufacturer. They said the little blue hook was added at the request of small quilt shops who wanted to hang the stock item on a wall (the packaging may be different). It is of no use to the user.
No, I haven't had any problem with that.
Dimensions are 19 1/2 inches long by 3 3/4 inches wide, with 5 slots 1/4 inch apart. Slots are less than 1/4 inch wide.
The rulers do not come with the rack. At least they didn't when I ordered mine a year or so ago.
As best I can tell, they are a fraction more than 1/8th of and inch. My rulers are 1/8th inches wide, they fit in the slots fine and tilt back slightly. I hope that helps.
5 slots. It does hold the rulers well and I arrange my rulers so I can fit the smaller ones between the rulers that are in the slots. I really like it and it solidly stays put.
It is not a ruler. It is a holder for quilting or sewing rulers and templates.
Check your instruction manual and also take a look at the needles that came with your machine. If you're using a standard sewing machine needle (which I'm guessing you are) then the Schmetz Jean & Denim needle will fit and work with your machine. I use the Jean & Denim needle in my Janome and it works like a charm. You might want to slow down the speed on your stitching if you're sewing heavy fabric. Good Luck!
Flat on the back side and round on the front side.
check this out Customer Service (888) 824-1192Contact these folks should be able to answer your specific question
That's what I use in my Kenmore which is around the same age. Sew on!
Yes, they were recommended to me by a seamstress
Yes! It holds Hotwheels. We have two.
I use Robison Anton spool thread. It will not fit this box as the base of the spool is too large. Don't know about other brands of large spools. Each slot would hold more than one of the small spools
I tested a few bottles. It holds my Nail Tek with some room, one of my Sally Hansen bottles but not the other one. We use the case for Hot Wheels and to make room for the trucks, we have cut the dividers on a few spots which would work for you too. The slots are deep enough that the lid would have closed on all three bottles if they could lay flat.
Yes, and it is perfect for die cast vehicle such as matchbox and hot wheels
I think so. The problem some people had was with really small things like needles, pins, or beads, which would slip from one section to another and make a mess. I have used some for thread and some for ribbon.
Great question. The inside dimensions of the compartment are 3.125" L x 1.5" W x 1.5" H. Thanks Barb
PenBeads, if your definition of "hard" plastic is absolute rigidity; it is not. If your definition of "soft" plastic is flimsy and very pliable; it is not. The main structure (outside walls and inner divider cells) is of plastic approximately 1/16th of an inch thick - it does move should you apply pressure. A loose comparable is the plastic of good Tupperware; but not flimsier like ZipLock storage containers. The two lids are somewhat thinner but adequate. However, an observation on the lid is that the closure construction is a flap along the side of the lid that snaps onto the main structure. This might, just might, fatigue over time and split along the seam. Too bad there is no way to contact you directly; mine is too big for my needs - I'd just send mine to you.
No
No. There is a center compartment on each side that is double the length of the other compartments (i.e. it's 2 compartments by one compartment).
I would think you could store anything you wanted in it. However, it does have a notch that is about an inch deep by an inch wide on each long edge of each compartment that would allow really small items to spill over into neighboring compartments.
Yes it is the F version. 6767 is the tool. The F are the tips that are removable and interchangeable. Amazon supplies the F tips. These are the best.
No it does not. Would be helpful! Great tool though.
I do not own the new submariner, but from what I'm seeing in terms of the measurements you should be able to use the included fine fork end to remove/put on the bracelet or adjust the clasp length. if you wanted to add or remove links, however, I think you'll need the Bergeon tool and either the 1.6 or 1.8mm screwdriver head, which can be swapped out with either of the two heads provided. reference: http://beckertime.com/blog/adjust-rolex-bracelet/
Yes
The F version has the "fine forked tip" end while the S version has the "standard forked tip" end. So the F version has a mini forked tip that can be used to depress the spring bar in watches where you need a finer tip to reach the spring bar in the lug, like in Omegas. I never used the 6767-S; the 6767-F has always fit my needs so far.
This tool will work well for any type of watch band that is held in place with a spring bar.
If you Google "Bergeon" along with the ASIN number listed in the product details, it will list a link pointing to the distributor listed on Amazon, "National Jewelers Supplies". Click on that link and you will see the same product listed on Amazon and it says "F". There is also a link which points back to Amazon. Therefore the item listed on Amazon is the "F" version. The one I ordered and received from Amazon, from this distributor, is the F version.
I have a Rolex Explorer I and the F tool worked on my spring bar, it should work on the Explorer II as well. Be sure to specify that you want the F tool and not the S. The S was too big and did not work with my Explorer I.
Yes, lamy
Rose red or simply red?.. When someone sees it, he will say that it's red.
It's sharp enough to make nice, crisp lines. These nibs are manufactured in Germany from stainless steel - so precision is build in. Using good quality ink the nibs do not get clogged up. No need for a whetstone with these pens.
There are different ways to refill the Lamy pen depending on which one you have. There are cartridge refills as well as an adapter with a plunger so that one can refill the Lamy pen from a bottle of ink. Also check writing with the Lamy Pen on "youtube".
Lammy 1.1 1.5 & 1.9
They are probably about a 1/2th an inch maybe. They just cover the middle of your finger tip. They are sort of flesh colored but a tad darker. Although I am very pale so they look very tan on me. I absolutely love them. You can reuse them multiple times as they hold their stickness for a long time. * just read this on the description: this package contains twelve reusable 3/8in thimblepads. made in usa
I use them almost every day and have had no problems. The adhesive on these is clear and "gummy" feeling. My fingers are pretty calloused so the skin isn't very sensitive. On the back of the package it does say "discontinue use if skin becomes irritated"
I don't knit so I don't know. They ate comfortable though.
You're in the right category, but I think this specific item might be too small to cover the entire base of a chair/table leg. If I were you, I would look for a cup/cap similar to this item sold by amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Shepherd-Hardware-826359-INSERT-PATIO/dp/B000RN7G8Y/ref=pd_sim_sbs_hg_5
It would be my opinion that no, these certainly would not be heat resistant. I think you are expecting too much from an inexpensive product that will "help" in keeping things like cutting boards in place. The reviewer Nina is correct that the adhesive isn't meant to withstand things like a dishwasher. The large glass cutting board I use beside my sink often gets a little too wet and if one comes off, I just pop another one from the card and put it on!
Yes, I think they would, but you might be able to see them a little from the side, but that would be okay. You might want to use larger ones so they won't be wobbly at all.
These aren't super 'grippy' so I don't think I would recommend them for that. They seems to grip pretty well under weight, but it is going to be much more dependent on what your desk is made of, and how much your keyboard weighs.
Well, how hot? It's not a pot holder but it won't melt in the sun.
I doubt these will meet your requirements. They're not thinner than a dime, they're more like the thickness of two dimes. And, they are not completely flat, but slightly rounded toward the top. I used them for "feet" on a cutting board and because I was using a cleaver to chop, they did not "stick". Had I been slicing only, they would have been fine. I went to larger feet (more sticky area on the board surface) and that worked.
YES! Each little rubber foot is attached to the card. When you want to save your furniture stick these feet on the bottom of a rough vase, metal decoration etc. Just remember to place the feet evenly apart and across to keep the item straight. Got an item that is wiggly - put these feet on the bottom ( I usually don't have yo use more than four per item. I have used them on all kinds of things - coffee pots, room humidifiers, printers and so on. They are so easy to use - So just peel and stick - They are great and so much better than trying to attach felt or to glue anything else on the bottom of items. The feet are easy to use, very in expensive and a real time saver. I can't say enough good things about them except I even have used them on brand new products. Buy them you won't be sorry.
They stop my glass cutting board from sliding all over my ceramic counter tops. I am sure they will work on wood. You would probably have to use quite a few around the edges for a whole table top. I just use one on each corner.
Sounds plausible as long as they have a flat surface to stick to. I'd use caution because of the heat while charging and heavy use periods though. The heat will cause the adhesive to become weak and they will probably lose their tackiness after a relatively short time.
Yes, they are small enough, and I think they would work well.
They are quite simple. You just insert the "tube" into the fabric to be turned, slide it to the stitched end, then gently push the fabric into the tube with the "stick". It saves having to try to hold the fabric apart so you can turn it against itself. I wish I could show you because it is so easy to do and not so easy to explain in writing. If you have turned fabric before, you probably have thought how easy it would be if you just had a way of starting it better. This does that very thing. And the smaller the tube of fabric is, say a spaghetti strap, the more this item is a must. I hope this helps.
Yes. The fabric tube actually needs to be closed at one end for this tool to work. And it works fast and easy!
Large = 1/2" Med = 1/4" Small = 1/8" I only have a set of three turners.
Yes it is very easy, just follow the instructions and use the template that comes with it. I have used them numerous times and never had any problems.
I haven't had to do that, but I'm pretty sure there is a small tool that it comes with for that purpose.
I'm not sure how you are using them, but they will definitely hold the canvass together.
No
The different between the Sizzix Pop & Cuts and Movers & Shakers die kit, is that the Pop & Cuts base lets you create those cute pop up cards. But, beware, not all Pop N Cuts comes with a base. So, when purchasing a Pop & Cuts, you need to read on the description that said BASE & INSERT, or it just an INSERT. Both, will have pictures of the BASE on their front cover (confusing, yes!). And, of course, you need one base, and you can purchase the different inserts. I made the mistake of just purchasing the insert, not realizing that I needed a base:( And, I don't think, you can purchase just the base, it comes with one insert. Now, the Movers & Shapers Dies is the same concept, (oh, you cannot use it for the Pop & Cuts inserts, because it won't fix). What you are creating is a punch out of these cute reposition magnetic dies shapes (flower, heart photo corner, sold separately ) to make see thru window. The Movers & Shapers kit#1, comes with the base and windows (square) die. For both Pop & Cuts and Movers & Shapers, you will need the Bigz XL cutting pads, sold separately. Hope this help.
That's the die itself. The rectangle cuts the whole card which is to be folded into half.
Yes
Yes it is scored. I love that you can move the window anywhere you want it.
Yes goes through the Cuddle Bug and Big Shot very well.
You can let it "air cure" by drying for 21 days, or you can dry it for 48 hours and bake at 325 for 30 minutes. If you bake it, you have to be careful to not shatter the glass with a sudden temperature drop by turning off the oven and leaving the door cracked until the glass is ambient temperature. Before curing, the paint will come off if it gets wet... I hope this helps! :)
I have had very good luck with this on glass and porcelain. I think it will work well on your project.
I haven't tried on porcelain
Yes. I used a Cameo to cut stencils with the Grafix plastic, speed 1-2, blade thickness 3, thickness 25 (24-27). I use single cut but you may want to try double cut. The perfect setting will depend on the level of detail in your project. These cuts will dull your blade, get a spare for use with plastic.
I use this material with the Silouette cameo to do stencils of all kinds- letters, numbers, patterns etc. it works good but if using the same machine the blades don't seem to last long for cutting. Also they are reusable if you are careful. I put adhesive spray on the back of mine so after about 4 times they start to get a little rough looking but if you don't you should get many uses as long as you wash after use.
The thickness won't collapse on itself. It is a nice thickness. If you buy clear stamps it is similar to what the stamps come on.
I used the plastic to make "glass slippers" and I did not notice any issues with scratching, but I did not use it with other card stock. So I am not sure if will with stand rubbing against something else. I did have one sample laying on my desk for a few weeks and didn't notice any scratching and let me tell you it got moved around and stuff piled on top of it.
Did you try adjusting the blade? I use it all the time on my Silhouette.
I have only used it as an overlay; which worked perfectly. I have also used it to make two sides, like a sandwich, with my design between the two pieces and it worked perfectly! Sorry but I have not tried scoring it.
I just tested it and yes you can punch through it! Although I think more intricate punch designs may encounter some problems. I used the discontinued pinking circle and it punched through just fine.
It depends on what kind of debris. I'd say in general that no, it is not. It's meant for templates and not really for costume material.
The sheets are 12"x12" so they wouldn't fit a normal printer. If you were to trim them to size, you would need a laser printer or the ink will smear.
Maybe. Firstly, many inkjet printers are designed for home use, so they don't accept paper larger than 8 1/2 x 11 in the tray. These are 12 x 12 sheets. You can cut it down, but rough or uneven edges is asking for a printer jam. Second, you'll have to make sure your printer can accept cardstock, because this is twice as thick as regular printer paper, and sending stuff that's too heavy for a printer to handle can seriously damage it. And last, but not least, this plastic is completely slick on both sides. Ink may not transfer or hold very well on it. All in all, I would suggest you look at finding some 8 1/2 x 11 transparency film like the kind they (used to) sell for overhead projectors before considering this as an option. A lot of those are specifically designed for inkjets.
They are thin, made of balsam wood. I am away from home and can't measure it for you. They worked great for my craft project.
There were 3 4 inch stars and the next size was around 3 inches and there were 5 of them.
Not quite sure. Maybe a pine, it is thin and light but not so light that it breaks easy.
4 inches
My bags had 20 in each bag 4 different sizes. Awesome buy though. Hope this helps
About 4 to 5".
Just a smooth texture no gloss
These are sold as a set.
They would have to be special ordered
Hi Amado, thank you for asking about our products. Unfortunately, the only box closest to the size you are looking for is 8"x4" deep. Item #2805-44FCAS. sincere regards; Sandy
I have painted them with acrylic paint many times and it works well. I painted them white first and then the paint of choice. They were made as a card holder for a wedding.
No. They aren't collapsible. Perhaps you mean will they nest inside each other? Yes I believe they will. They are great boxes. I've used for many craft projects. Amazing price.
I sorry! I purchased the boxes for my mom in Jersey and cannot answer this for you! Best regards! A.
5-6 inches approx.
It's going to be a very small hat. I was very disappointed by the size and would recommend that you look for a hat box company for none of these would contain a man's hat.
Eventually the green paint will crack off and the wire will start to rust, but it hold up pretty well
Easy to use. I used normal scissors. Very pliable by hand. I purchased to make garlands.
the dimensions of o.7 x 1.4 x4" are telling you the size of the small paddle (piece of cardboard) the wire is wound around, the 110' is the length of the wire wound around the paddle. i have not measued it but from the thickness of the wound wire on the paddle which looks to be about 3/4", i would say that the length of the wire as being 110' long is right. it's a large amount of wire for sure. i've had this in the past/years ago for making wreaths and had no complaints at all. i have not used the purchase i made from amazon in recent times yet. but it appears to be the same quantity and quality i had years ago which says a lot! and it goes a long way.
The paddle wire I'd received seemed to be 22 gauge; I ordered only one, however. It may be the case that when you ordered more than one, you revealed a problem the merchant was unaware of -- mispackaged product. 22 gauge is ever and always 22 gauge, it's a standard measurement; if you've got variations in wire thickness, then do send it back with a well-justified complaint, as you've simply NOT received what you'd paid for. Thanks for the question, this is how we the people keep quality up! :)
It would work much better with a fabric covered wire.
No sorry!
I just went and checked the package, but unfortunately the only information on the lable said simply "craft plastic." Sorry not to be able to help.
I own a BossKut Gazelle and have not been able to cut it. The best I've been able to do is have the blade make 2 or 3 passes to mark the plastic and cut it out with scissors (simple shapes only). But the process of having the blade make multiple passes also means that each time it passes, the mat has moved just a hair so it's not perfectly lined up with the first cutting pass.
They might work. Not sure but for myself it is worth a try. That is an awesome idea and since they are inexpensive, what a savings. The more I think about it the more it sounds like it would work because these are very sturdy, almost like plexi. Hope this helps!
I'm sorry--I haven't tried either of these techniques with this material.
The blue color is the lining that you have to peel off. Underneath the blue lining is clear plastic.
I have used it in my Sizzix; however, I have to run it through more than once and sometimes I have to use scissors get my image. But I love the thickness, as it's not flimsy.
To some extent. We have heated it with a heat gun to partially form around a ball and you do end up with wrinkles. It does not seem to stretch very well and cools very fast. If you were to heat and press into a male/female mold it may be OK.
This is the same type of plastic used in packaging with see thru boxes. The blue you see in the image is actually a protective film to prevent scratching before use. I use this for scrapbooking and don't think it would be sturdy for what you are looking for.
It is durable, but not sure about your application. The corners are sharp, but can be rounded if needed.
Yes. I'm very happy with the quality. It is not flimsy and won't bend easily.
you get your basic colors and shades. Crimson Red, Ultramarine Blue, Viridian (Forrest green), Black and White. it also comes with 5 other tones; Lemon Yellow, Vermilion (Orange), Emerald Green, Phthalocyanine Blue (Royal Purple) and Burnt Umber (Light Brown) a Palette Knife is something you use to mix colors without getting your brushes or fingers to messy in the paint palette that also comes with the kit. It also comes with 1 pencil (HB), a small eraser, a twin sized sharpener and 6 brushes (1,2,4,5,7,8 sizes) To be honest, if you had to ask what a palette knife was, this is a great starter kit for you.
no,...it's longer than a binder and thicker.
Yes
Bottles? No. Just tubes. It wouldn't close and doesn't have spots for bottles
No easel.
Unfortunately, I have not had time to use it yet. The tube are rather large so I assume they would be good for several painting, as long as they are not extremely large pieces.
It should be. They [Amazon] say ''only 7 left in stock, but it will reordered''.
Yea
Hi, i am sorry i can not answer this for you.. i had bought this as a gift for my nephew as he is the artist.. sorry i could not help as i really do not know...
No this unit does not fold up. It stays it's full dimension always. Very nice station though if you can work around storing it.
I have no problems with my lift and set angles. I know you have to lift higher to reset to go flat. I use flat and two or three lifted angles without any problems.
Length and width will be fine but height is not that tall. Like 1 to 1 1/2 inches high. Hope that helps
The sticker on the glass said 25lbs.
yes, in the center
75 cm
It does sit above the top slightly. But I turned it upside down to put it out of the way. It can also be easily removed.
I've used it as a light table by simply putting a desk lamp underneath. I'd suggest getting a desk lamp with a clamp. There's an area in the middle to the far back of the surface where the adjustable height arm connects to that can block some of the light. This didn't get in my way when working on 11"x17" paper, but if you're planning to use the entire surface lightboxed, it might be troublesome and require extra lights.
It is very sturdy, but my 11yr old daughter has moved the furniture around in her room with no trouble. She LOVES it
The trays to hold your pencils, rulers, etc. will be a problem. But if you don't mount them on one side (or both - although the trays are handy) you could use a T-square along the edge OK.
There's brown and grey and black.
When drawing the human form it helps you to figure out positioning. Some positions are very difficult to draw and not many of us have a live model. The mannequin can be positioned to give you the general idea of how the limbs will be positioned for example. It is also helpful in calculating proportions for the human form.
There are; 5H, 4H, 3H, 2H, H, and then HB, B, 2B, 3B, 4B, 5B, and 6B in the graphite pencils.
Approximately 3 lbs with package materials for shipping.
They are tools. This is not too advanced for a seven year old, unless you expect him to know how to use these already. It's a great kit to help him LEARN advanced techniques. If he already has a passion for drawing and sketching and you feel its something he will continue on with, I think this would make a GREAT starter kit!
yes
I think so. We bought it for our 11-year-old and she LOVES it!! She hasn't advanced far enough to use everything in there correctly yet, but she loves exploring and experimenting with it.
Unfortuonatlly it doesn't It does have pastels and graphite but no prisms colors.
About 5.5", or 14 cm tall, without the base.
Yes
I have used it and, while you could reuse it if you were very, very careful, I don't think it would be worth it. I didn't like this product because of (1) the expense and (2) you can't line things up as easily as I'd like. I tend to buy the Cricut products first to have a baseline, then I start searching for something cheaper that will get the job done. I use Kittrich Rolled Adhesive Bookcover instead. It only costs $5.19 for 9 feet, so the savings are tremendous. It isn't completely clear, but it is easier to see through. Good luck finding what you like!
There are 4-12"x24" sheets in the package.
I didnt like the lines it was clear but not as clear as I wanted. I have started buying the Duck Tape brand shelf liner and lovveee it! Perfect for vinyl. Not too sticky and is absolutely see thro! I hope that helps!
I am not familiar with a wet method application. The transfer tape has a light tack. When rubbed on self stick vinyl the vinyl will stick to the transfer tape. When rubbed on the wall or glass or other surface the vinyl sticks to the surface and the transfer tape is easily peeled off. Not sure how it would hold up with water.
Medium tact tape, not low an not overly sticky so I would say in between.
It looks like YBW-A can clamp onto a larger /deeper table (1 3/4" max thickness) while a YBW-B can only accomidate a max table thickness of 1 1/2". In addition, notes from to the distributor (Stanwood Imports): - "in comparison to our model YBW-A, this winder [YBW-B] has a crank handle made of metal and may fare better when subjected to forceful winding" - "In comparison to our model YBW-B, this winder [YBW-A] is smoother and makes less noise while winding." Reviews seem to like the YBW-A better though:
For years I wound hanks into balls using my husbands arms or the back of a chair So it certainly is possible. Between the two gizmos I would say the Swift is more necessary than the ball winder.
If you have hanks of yarn you may want to use a swift. I have a lot of "unruly" balls of yarn and just unwind them onto the table that the winder is attached to and go back and forth between unwinding the ball and winding with the winder. I chose this particular winder because of the guard between the bottom of the winder plate and the gears underneath. The yarn can't get caught up in the gears. I also like the wound result of the ball... neat and tidy!
I can't even get 4 oz to wind into a single cake on this. 6 oz would require two cakes using this winder. I'm ditching mine and purchasing either the Royal or KnitPicks brand. This one is very rickety. The metal yarn holder has never worked. I have to hold it up with my left and wind with my right. The platform is too small and yarn slides off of it and starts to wrap around the base. When this happens, you have to pull that back out and rewind. Spend the extra money on the Royal or KP. You can find the Royal on sale for $45 and the KP on sale for $20. Good luck.
Ball winder A will clamp onto a larger surface than B. I have B and I clamp it onto my built in breadboard and it works fine.
I'm not an authority. It is a rather substantial clip. I used to have Newfoundlands, and although wasn't making leashes at that time so what I was using wasn't this specific clip. It looks very similar to ones I used with them. The best thing to do is ask the manufacturer. My personal opinion (best guess) is that this is more than sufficient to hold a mastiff. The next question then would be how and what are you using to attach this. Webbing and thread can vary in capabilities. I would get a very substantial nylon webbing at least one inch wide. (This clip is built for 1".) The nylon I use is rated for 3000-15,000 pounds. I look for the colors I want and then make sure the ratings are above my minimum 3000 pounds. Your thread will have to be either nylon or polyester reinforced multiple times or your connector hardware will have to be applied and tested to take the stresses. You can use other materials other than nylon. Just be sure that the performance requirements meet your specifications. So far I have been real happy with the performance of this clip. I do make leashes, and I don't know what dog it will be used for. A leash is only as strong as its weakest component. It reminds me of some hardware I have seen used for horse leads.
Ten, these are small ones
I don't know, they are fairly sturdy. But I quit using this type as if you twist leash just right and pull, it will pull down button. I had 2 dogs get loose that way. Most dogs you will never know that happens, I didn't for years, but I foster and get all kinds of dogs not used to leashes who pull to get free. I just buy the Lupine leashes because of their hook, which you can't find to buy separately.
Country brook US. Unsure if then outsource
yes, it swivels
I have not tried that, but I think it would, as long as you have a good coat of acrylic paint under the crackle medium and let it try well before you put put the medium on it.
I have used it only on acrylic, and it worked well. I don't know how it works on enamel.
It's a clear crackle medium. I used it on top of an acrylic periwinkle blue and there was no change in color.
Yes it dose show up not like the deep base dose but show up
H-e-a-v-y paper,and yeah I think it would be very friendly to fountain pen ink
Assembled with 96 rough cut 5" x 6 1/2" pages (48 sheets)
No, it is bound in such a way that what you see is what you get.
Hi, Not by us, but I would assume that some company in your area does that type of work. Thanks for asking.
Yes, it is able to cut a beveled edge at 45*, which I really love. Just always make sure you use a scrap piece of mat to so you know which way it'll cut - given that you should be cutting the back of the mat, it can get pretty confusing as to which way the bevel is supposed to go. As Robert said, its pretty versatile - there are bigger kits out there, but I've never run into the need to buy a larger one. I love how the full mat does not need to fit within a given tool, but rather you just lay the ruler with the grooved edge on whatever you want to cut, and then place the cutter in the grooved edge of the ruler and then just cut. You have to make sure you hold it in place, but its fantastic when you want a large mat around a large picture - if you owned a different kit, you might have to be able to fit the whole mat within the tool, but with just the ruler it doesn't matter that the ruler doesn't run the full length of the mat. All that matters is that the ruler runs the length of what you want to cut. I recommend that you also get a healing mat to go under whatever you are cutting so that you have a clean cut and don't ruin any tables. Hope this helps :)
The straight-edge that comes with it is 24 inches long. Since you have to slide the mat cutter along the groove in the straight-edge, if you were trying to make a cut of more than 24 inches, you'd have to stop your cut, move the straight-edge, then finish the cut. It wouldn't be impossible, but you'd have to be very precise in your placement of the straight-edge to keep your cut line even. So, as long as you are careful, there is really no limit to the size you can cut.
The instructions say to slide the cutter away from you so I would consider this a "Push" mat cutter. I am very pleased with the product.
Yes
Yes, definitely. I had never cut a mat before purchasing this kit, and I had no problems. The directions it comes with were fairly simple and straightforward. I would recommend using one of the mats it comes with as a "practice" mat for your first attempt, however. :-)
They are the same. I don't know the replacement blade part number offhand, but there is a little pack of replacement blades included in the kit.
most definitely,enjoy we love ours
Dear Amazon Prime, Sorry I can't answer your question, unfortunatelyI haven't try it yet.....Thank you
They are made from the same material as the core of the Prismacolor pencils, and can be used when a large area needs to be filled in. For instance, if you were colouring a background, using the Art Stix saves wearing out the thinner pencil.
I was just like you. I loved charcoal and graphite but I felt a need for some color in my life. I started with a box of 24 Prismacolor Premier pencil set. I loved it. Next I bought the biggest box of Prismacolor Premier pencils I could find. I then advanced to Prismacolor Art Stix. I love working with color now. I use the art stix for large areas or for intense thick color. I am very happy with every set I have purchased. I did a lot of research before making my purchase. Good luck on your color journey.
My Art Stix set was made in Mexico
Yes, the legs fold inward and fasten to the side of box. Allowing the easel to sit flat on desktop.
Yes, it can be used flat. But depending on the size of your paper check out how high the stops go - I can't remember but I think it's at lease in the 30's. I've done this by using a piece of quarter-inch plywood or masonite to tape my paper to, then putting it between the stops to hold it steady. 've don this
Not user friendly. Set it up once, loosened up after a couple of uses, took it down and stored it until the next garage sale. Not the best purchase.
The Sonoma Bamboo Sketchbox Easel was made in China.
Yes, this sketchbox easel is made from renewable bamboo.
I would suggest buying a tabletop easel that is made specifically for that purpose (For Example: B004XMOT08). Thank you.
Although I've never really weigh it, 5 pounds feels about right.
Hi Bridgette you are going to be a couple inches short it won't fit. 34 inches or smaller
No. These are semi-permanent acrylic markers made for many surfaces. I would not recommend using this on skin. (Chemicals and what not)
Yes you can use it on rocks but if it's exposed to the elements overtime it will just rub/ washed off.
The paint (in the marker) is acrylic which is essentially plastic, so I am thinking it would work. I do know that the Sakura IDentipen writes on glass and plastic for sure.
The PC-1M tips make a line about as wide as the typical sharpie. Depends on what "tiny detail" means.
These pens can be used on glass. I do not know if they can be made permanent by baking.
Yes. A little hard to remove with water though once dry. I prefer using a razor blade.
I'm sure it could. It's an acrylic paint, so it will show up opaque on anything. The question is whether or not its will be durable on the leather. Its water soluble so it will scratch easy if you don't seal it with a sealant of some sort. Hope this helps!
Product Dimensions: 1 x 2.8 x 4 inches The height stated is almost exact. The stamp itself is 1 inch thick. The width of the design is about an 1/8 smaller. It's a good size. I purchased another stamp for the jar "label"'and used for candy buffet bags at my son's wedding.
mine is almost 2" wide nd 3 1/2" tall I love this stamp
HI...the jar itself is 4 1/2 inches. I used it to decorate paper plates for my daughters wedding and the size was perfect.
3.5" tall and 2.5" wide.
The stamp is maybe a half an inch in like the picture on the wood :)
No, Danielle, it wouldn't. The inside width of the jar measures approx. 1-7/8".
i have already answered this question. it should be in the reviews
I have approx. 100 in each container.......give or take 5 or 10. I have the 4"x6 " and love them. I now have all my photo's in them.
I would not think so as there is no seal or gasket around the edge (like other items I have purchased for our boat). It closes more like a fishing tackle type box (the outer box) and the inside boxes snap closed. It is a very sturdy box to prevent bending/warping, but not moisture proof.
It's somewhere in the middle in my opinion. You can we through it, but it's not as clear as say a Rubbermaid storage container. Hope that helps!
Sorry Jan, I've not used these for photos yet. I use these boxes for storing individual beading projects. I have dozens of different beading projects and I use a box for each project. That way if I have to do any repairs on my jewelry I have exactly the beads I used when I did the original piece of jewelry. Have you had problems storing photos in these boxes? I'm planning to move soon and will need photo storage and had considered buying more of these boxes. Would really like to know if you've had experience with using these boxes. Thanx
Stays hinged. Love these boxes, especially the individual ones inside. Keeps pics organized and well protected. Very sturdy quality.
Sure, although you can see the top picture clearly to identify each event. If I had multiple events in one single case! I used 4x6 index cards to make notes (again, you can read it through the case). There is a flat area on the left and right side just on top of all the little boxes where I stored some larger 5x7 photos in a bag. I could not fit 8x10s across the top as the middle portion is tight between the rows. seriously, these boxes are my favorite purchase!
Hi Susie. No.....your laminated photos will not fit in the boxes. The inside dimensions of the individual boxes measures 6 1/8" X 4 1/8".
I have it on my front door and I think it just looks like frosted glass. We put it over leaded glass that you could see through in places. We like it.
mine was 24.5 wide by 36 long so not did not have do to strips
I cut it for those very kind of windows and they work very well. I did put a dab of a waterproof glue stick in each corner, but I don't know if that made any difference. Staying up and works well.
We use it to prevent the ultraviolet rays from harming our canvas artwork and this does the trick. The sunlight still shines through, but greatly muted. It is used for our above the door window so don't really have to face it directly. It functions as a privacy glass as well. Not sure if my answer helps you or not. Perry
I can't see any reason why it wouldn't! Glass is glass afterall!
I love this rice paper film window cover....so easy to put on! I suppose if I knew I wanted to use it again I would definitely save the paper backing of the rice paper film. Then when I do remove the rice paper film in the summer make sure no dirt or grit gets onto the rice paper film or the paper backing and try hard to put the backing back on the rice paper then carefully roll it up and put it in a poster tube so it can't get bent or squished.
On the inside of the window of the window it would be fine. It stays on the window with water tension. The window needs to be clean. Then you spray water with a bit of soap in it (to create tension) and lay the film and smooth it out. VERY easy and I love it! I put it on one side of our shower which is open to our jacuzzi bath tub. (Looking at a naked body in the shower was not my idea of relaxing in the tub).
You very lightly wet back side with a sponge and press it on the glass and it sticks.
Yes
No
I would go to a local Home Depot and ask which glue would work for this application. Just remember that the edge is not beveled and might look unfinished. I used these as center pieces.
I use this as a mirror. I have it glued to the back of my office door. The image is crystal clear, with no distortion.
Its all glass so I'd assume yes it is
Shipping is Priced on a per order basis
The edges are not sharp, but definitely not like a finished edge. Hope this helps?
each
This leather is nice and sturdy indeed! Not cheap/flimsy like the craft stuff at all.
Its a vintage leather string if you are thinking of buying I wouldn't recommend this seller I didn't get what I orderd... I hope i helped.
Lace is ribbon with patterns in thin fabric, cord is simple thick thread, perfect for jewelry, dream catchers & other things to wrap up with colorful leather strips.
We leave our items to be fused in the Microwave for about 3 1/2 minutes, then take a peek to see if it has fused to our liking. If not we put it in for another 30 seconds and that has always done it. Normally we have 3 layers of 90 COE glass to fuse, an opal base, dichroic middle and clear top.
The manual does not state that the microwave can't be used for food after being used for fusing. The two references from the manual regarding food use in the microwave are listed below: "Microwave needs to be free of food and other debris before use with the Fuseworks Microwave Kiln". "Clean the microwave thoroughly after each use with a household cleanser recommended by the microwave oven manufacturer". As long as these recommended procedures are followed there should be no issues.
The largest piece is at best a 2"x2". The inside is about 3". There needs to be enough space for the kiln paper which is why you can't make a bigger piece.
I use an old 700 watt microwave and on high I do about 4.5-5 mins to fuse nicely. But the time will depend on type of glass and how many layers you use.
Candace, Creative Paradise (http://creativeparadiseinc.com/) offers a fusing mold with instructions that can be used in the microwave kiln. Also, keep your eyes open for a new product called "Polar Fuse" should be on the market July 2013!
The beginners kit is the kiln with some extra glass included.
They are the same thing as far as I know.
I have used a GE Spacemaker XL. The kind that is usually mounted over a stove. It isn't anything fancy. I do recommend starting with the defrost settings and working up to full power. Glass is less likely to shatter. Also, hands must be very clean, no grease or oil, or glass will shatter. It is really fun to use and the results are amazing.
You can use your own glass of that rating. You can use glass of any rating they just say different ratings don't fuse as well. I have successfully fused broken beer bottle glass.
I have always done longer times in the microwave. Most pieces are a minimum of 3.5 minutes and depending on how many layers of glass, it could be longer. The millefiori takes the longest. Try longer times. Make sure the lid is level. I hope it works for you! I've gotten great pieces out of it
Hi, I just measured the height between the bottom and the underside of the fully extended arm and it looks like 21 inches tall would be the absolute limit.
Maybe for a small child 5 - 7. It was really cheap and awkard to set up. I would not recommend this item.
Not without reinforcement. I had to add a piece of plywood to the bottom to do that. The bottom is thin and not built for this purpose, unlock most pochade boxes. So you can do it if you have woodworking skills. Otherwise, get a real pochade box.
While not it's primary purpose, it would be sturdy enough to write on, and would hold supplies inside better than just a flat lap table. Why not try it! Best of luck!
I'll say 1 1/2 inches when opened. I love it.
Yes, make sure it it secured perfectly at the sides, I have even worked with it seated on the floor.
China
I really haven't used mine much but it seems fairly sturdy. I don't think you'd want to put more than one canvas on it at a time though.
Yes, I used it for 12x16 and 16x20/20x16 canvas, but for smaller canvas I drilled two new holes and moved the bottom support up to hold 8x10 and 9x12 sizes which I use more often with this size easel. Basic but functional!
15x3.5x12.5
This little table is very short, perfect height for toddlers. The picture makes it look much taller than it really is. You can adjust the height of the table top, but the seats are really low.
Approximately 9 1/2" to the top of the bench seat
26 x 18" at its widest point.
Yes, secure the needles the same way as the original needles . Just read directions. I have used this stitcher for years.
the picture attached shows the actual awl. you can use it like you mentioned, but you may need to get a smaller gauged needle, otherwise the puncture hole may be too big. if you are using just the heavy duty needles, you could do that, but know that the eyes of the needles may not accommodate the girth of the thread. hope that helps.....
Approximate sizes, the straight needle is about 1 3/4" or 46mm long-2mm diameter and the curved needles are 2 1/8" or 55 mm long-3mm diameter. I don't know where others got 4". They must have measured up one side and down the other or SWAGGED an estimate. I used an accurate caliper. Dick
for jeans should be needle No.4
The end of the needle that fits into the awl is round and looks like to be about the same as size 18 or 20 sewing machine needle. if you have sewing machine needles you can compare. It is exactly the same size as my Motorola tablet charger plug in. They (needle ends) are a bit smaller than a round toothpick. Trying to look around the house for things to compare it with!
http://www.amazon.com/dp/B004A6B1CG/ref=pe_385040_121528360_TE_dp_2
I'm not sure the size of needles but all three are different sizes answer your question looking at the smallest needle is about twice the size of a regular heavy duty sewing needle for regular sewing machine to sew denim with
Yes it is.
No Needle No.4 is not included. It has to be purchase separately.
The needles came in a small manilla packet that said Stewart Manufacturing Inc. BUT in small print says "made in Czech Republic" (however I'm almost certain the stitcher itself is made in the US)
yes they do.
Yes it does!!! Flat side on my babylock and janome both go on the back~
Yes, however - it appeared some were shorter then others, and they seemed to break easily,....more so then ones I'd purchased locallly.
The package says that it contains 4 (70/10), 4(80/12), and 2(90/14).
Any company that sells industrial needles for the Tiara machine should sell them
Yes
Haven't tied them yet, but I think as long as they are universal you should be ok..I usually always buy universal needles, mine is a Brother.
Yes
yes
It is a standard sized needle that is flat on the back side. I know it works in Bernina, Singer, and Babylock.
No. These are 24 ml. I usually buy tubes in the 37 ml size so when these came I was a little disappointed but the price seemed about right for these. I also wondered about the size of the tube when I ordered them. It should be on the advertisement.
ivory black, thalo green, cadmium barium red light, titanium white, thalo blue, brunt sienna, brunt umber, yellow ochre, violet, cadmium barum yellow medum.
24 millimeters or .81 fluid ounces
There are no options.
They are listed in a company advertisement probably in Google.
hello, All oil tube paint will hae a subtle linseed oil odor. The thinner or medium you add needs to be odorless. Open windows for fresh air even for odorless mineral spirits and other solvents. Do an internet search for oderless mineral spirits, and odorless solvents.. read the reviews..
Tell him to Google or address an art supplier. That last package I bought I gave away as a gift. Dick Blick is one big supplier, or ask Grumbacher itself. And I don't know if the package says as I have not one tube of Grumbacher's. Sorry. Jane
It's medium sized. I have a small one and a large one I bought separately from online on here and on ebay
This set is for a more serious student of art -- possibly even a professional. It contains many colors, includes a water brush and even has a paint palette. It is compact and easy to take to classes or on a trip or to the doctor's office. It's very portable. I would not suggest this for a children unless the child is a budding artist. I have purchased these as birthday presents for several of my artsy friends. It is so light that I carry mine where ever I go just in case ...
I have left it in the car the longest one very hot (28 degree celcious)day and nothing melted. Longer than that, i do not know. Hope this helps
The Pentel Aquash brush comes in 3 different brush tip sizes. They are basically the same as the one you get with the Koi Watercolor Pan Set. :-) Here is the image of the 3 different tip sizes: http://www.pentelarts.co.uk/typo3temp/pics/FRH_Tip_Sizes_04_c7ef86774b.jpg
A great idea is to refil the wells with tube colors, such as Windsor Newton. I do wish Sakura made tubes as I agree these are nice colors - a great travel kit.
Linda, No, it is not. Wet or moist paints do dry out over a normal amount of time depending on conditions. I there is not a seal arond the container edges and the boxed is hinged in the back allowing air in. If you'd like to provide me your email, I could send you the picture I took from the back of one of my boxes.
If you are asking if it needs to be dipped in water to clean it -- no, you don't need to do that while working on a sketch or a project. But you will want to get one color off before using the next or your colors will be muddy. Usually people use tissues, paper towels or a sponge to wipe the brush bristles off between colors and this works surprisingly well. The Koi set comes with a small sponge in the container for this purpose.
Winsor & Newton have some of the best watercolors out there for a good price (comparatively to other high quality brands) and they offer different travel sets similar to this Sakura Koi set. They have a student line (Cotman) that is very good but their Artist line is top quality. Most of W&N paints receive very high ratings (both the Cotman and Artist lines) and are a pretty safe bet. Other good artist brands are Schminke, Daniel Smith, Holbien, and Grumbacher just to name a few. But every artist will have a personal preference.
Several of the colors are fugitive and faded within a month in the sun
You can use the sponges a couple of ways. Personally, I prefer to use them to remove excess paint/water from my brush rather than carry an additional towel/napkin or cloth. Some wet the sponges and use them for different painting techniques such as removing excess paint from the paper, wetting only one area, or as a way to lay down a larger area of colour than the included brush will allow.
I use a hemp wick ik they were designed for bees wax but I absalutly love them very low smoke almost none but with anything other than bees wax you'll get smoke sets well rigid enough without being obnoxious
it melts at a lower temperature than paraffin - so it should work well .. but I haven't tried
Yes this is soy wax It's not paraffin nor is it bees wax its soy
It is pure and burns completely. It is the only wax I use. Takes color and scents well too!!
It is white and looks comes in flakes
nope - it's just wax
It can be used for either. Just make sure you add vybar or stearic acid, or I can only imagine the pillars would melt into a blob shortly after lighting them,
I don't know exactly because Amazon controls shipping rates. Why don't you add it to your cart and see what happens? You will be able to see what the shipping is before actually checking out and committing to the order.
Amazon takes care of all of the shipping charges for you.
I've not worked with paraffin wax so I cannot make a comparison to that....but with this wax, I have used a large mason jar (standard quart sized - about 4" x 6") 3 times now. On average I seem to get a little more than 3 days burn. Burning straight through. So I would guess that it is at least close to the same. However typically I use a 12 oz candy jar (about 3"x3") for my candles and that gives about 30 hours +/- 2 hours I'd say.
My experience is that all candles generate some soot (my electrostatic air cleaner concurs). These wicks do not generate visible soot when burning; assuming you keep them trimmed to the proper length (~1/4"). They do smoke when you blow the candle out. Since I used them in container candles, I just put the lid on when I blow them out.
I used these in soy wax jar candles with great success. They burn with almost no smoke and very evenly.
No lead
Yes, these are 6 inches and there are 96 of them, I'm not sure about the price, I don't remember but that sounds about right. I my opinion, these are good wicks.
If by centerers you mean the circle that helps them stand up then yes, they do. They also have some sort of metal wire in the middle of the wick, which give the candles an odd smell and makes the wicks VERY smokey.
I've made 3" and 3 1/2" container size with these I don't think you can go smaller, when I've made larger candles, about 4"to 5" jars I've used three wicks to be sure of an even burn.
They didn't work for my soy wax candles
I fell in love with soy, and these really are low smoke!! I am hooked
A bunch.....around 96. Don't remember what I paid for them exactly.
YES !!
Yes it does.
Definitely. We did a project with making clothes for a Flat Stanley out of various materials. Some thicker than fleece, and the scissors worked like a charm.
I use them for my eight grade class with no issues.
No, it is not pre-waxed. I recommend using only for votive size candles. The wick is not wide enough to burn the edges of the wax for larger holders.
This is an entirely cotton wick with no metal core.
You will want to use a zinc core wick with gel candles because you need a hotter burn for gel wax. Make sure to select the correct size zinc wick according to the width of your jar.
It is not coated with anything that I can see.
I get the wick coated with wax. Works great. Haven't tried it w/o.
I use it for an oil lamp of sorts (a menorah for the Jewish holiday of Chanukah) and it works extremely well. There is no metal thread and the wick itself is easy to feed and burns nicely. I hope that helps.
Unfortunaly this wick will not work in that application. A fiberglass wick is what most use in that application
having compared the size in a Zippo video, the size is about perfect. Whether it functions as a true Zippo replacement wick would, I cannot say.
Sorry that I can't be of help with your question, I used this for an oil lamp.
Good question! I'd love to know that one too...
I've not used them on newspaper, but I'm a homeschool mom that does a lot of erasing w my kids and these erasers are our favorite. I can't imagine an eraser working any better than these on your crosswords.
if you are meaning, erasing ink, then no. But if you mean by sketching something with pencil, then lining something with inking, and then erasing that pencil, then yes by all means!
If I am correct, the smaller ones is more expensive because it is Prime. This means that with the price you see it at, the shipping cost is included. However, the larger ones is less expensive but you have to pay for the shipping. In the end, they both will be similar in prices. In terms of quality, both are the same!
No.
It erases pencil very well, and it does work A LITTLE bit on colored pencils
i am not sure ,i think it made in Taiwan.
in my opinion, there is not big difference between small and large erasers, but i think small one is easier for wipe
I don't know what you mean about metal.I just use it in pencil writing, and it really works good.
Each eraser is about 2.5" x 1" x .5" give or take a few eighths of an inch.
Hi, there's no quick tunaround. It only takes a few mintues to fire but cool down time before removing from kiln can run between 30-60 mintues. That depends on how thick is you piece and how much glass you have on it; meaning tiny glass pieces added. You can only fire 1 piece at a time. If you are teaching then you need to get several kilns (that's what I did). Good Luck
Sorry it's been so long, but I believe all of the come like a starter kit with supplies.
Yes it is the same kiln.
No. Only glass.
Use a microwave oven whose wattage is 700-900 watts . The higher the wattage (1100 & above) the faster any microwave kiln will heat up and will require several power level adjustments throughout the firing process. Firing glass too hot, too fast can result in cracked glass, a glass blob or even damage to the microwave kiln floor.
You can fuse 90 and 96 COE. I guess as long as you do not fuse stained with anything other than stained, it will work. I have not used stained in the MWK, but know many who have fused stained in a larger kiln with no problems. Be sure to use thinfire paper too!
i don't have an intraoven thermometer, so i'm guessing about temps. in my oven this kiln easily melts COE90 glass, at temps in that range. i have to be careful not to go overtime (6 min max), when the glass melts to amorphous liquid. Temps reached will depent on the power of your microwave; if your is really old (mine is 29 yrs old) it will take longer to reach melt. There is a hole in the top of the kiln that glows yellow-orange when fusing temps are reached.
Used according to the simple instructions, it can not harm the microwave. I've used it dozens of time without harm. It will, however, get you addicted to fusing!
Temperature is somewhere close to hell. It gets HOT but if you take it 45 to 60 seconds at a time you'll be fine, Assuming it's about 5 to 6 inches outside dimensions your fusing will take about 3 minutes. It is very simple... you need either 90 or 96 COE glass - don't mix them. Find your colors. Get your fusing papers together and have fun. I recommend watching a few you tube videos from Debbie at Glaze Glass. Enjoy.
Yes, you can use CoE 96 or CoE 90 in a Microwave Kiln. However, using CoE 96 together with CoE 90 in one project will result in fractured and broken products. CoE 90 also is difficult to fuse in a microwave. In summary CoE 96 is the most ideal efficient and durable glass TO use in a microwave.
I use them on my mirror everyday to write different inspirational quotes! They wipe of easily :-)
Yes. They wash off any hard surface.
I personally haven't used them that much to test it out but it is visible. Id say more of a pastel color than a vibrant color. But you could always just color it in big letters!
I did not have any issues wipping these off my windows when I used them. You should be fine!
Probably depends a bit in the surface. My kids have used them in wood, walls, and similar surfaces and they have wipes off. We use baby wipes. I don't remember on cloth.
Crayons markers are made in USA! Whoo hoo!
No
I have not tried to mix them. They have a "waxy" kind of texture to them so I'm sure you can but you may need to mix with your fingers rather then the pens themselves. Hope this helps.
It is a round thick tip, not chiseled unless you wear it down like that.
I used this on my car windows and it "melted" off by the next day.
Yes. Light weight ties
Melt the ends to seal the cut site. I also melt any holes I punch as well. Woven nylon fibers will always fray.
First, this is a flat webbing. I used this to repair computer backpack bag Shoulder strap because of strap width and matched material. Nylon webbing stretches, poly does not stretch or compress like nylon material. Try either a slim, narrow gauge bungee cord ... If you are looking for webbing across a pack which my computer bag has.
After you place your order send us an email letting us know your order number and that you do not want any splices.
I am sorry but the largest tension lock that we have at this time is 1 1/2". Yes a triglide slide can be used to adjust straps.
Yes we do carry this in white. If you need help finding the listing please email us and we will be glad to help you.
The webbing is just like any type of nylon webbing. It is very strong and sturdy, and I bet it would hold the dock well and last for a good amount of time as long as no chemicals come in contact with the webbing. I used it sewn together and it worked well under pressure.
Not especially soft or rough. Its made for strength. Note that it's relatively narrow and depending on the weight you carry, it may dig into your skin somewhat unless you add a pad of some type. Make the pad soft.
Yes it's strong enough.
The description says it's a soy/paraffin blend. I used it to make candles, but I'm no expert. It was the first time I made them, and I didn't have any problems.
It weighs about 10lbs.
They are 10 pound slabs
Soy burns cleaner than paraffin, I have used this wax to make my own kindle candles to start my wood stove. I have also used it to make candles and scented wax tarts to bring a pleasant scent to the house. I would highly recommend this product.
Lisa, I haven't purchased this wax, but my guess is the melting point is 130 degrees, which is the dividing line between "low melting point" for containers and "high melting point" for pillars. You've probably found this out by now. You can add a hardener additive to make this work for pillar candles. $18 for 10lbs of wax is a little at the high end if you're going to be making any number of candles.
60 lbs
I've made candles twice and each time used a variety of jars I had on hand - I prefer the 8 to 16 oz jars for this purpose and end up with 6-8 candles. They burn nicely.
So sorry, we used it almost a year ago and I didn't note it. I can just tell you that we would purchase it again!
Yes it is. And easy to work with. Was my first attempt at candle making and they turned out great! A couple of them had some imperfections which were erased easily with a heat gun. Hopen this was helpfil.
Hi, actually yes. It does show wet spots. Started with a big one, after a day or two was reduced but remains a big spot.
The soy is in flakes, it melts very even and nicely
Yes
I would be careful put wax in the microwave it might get to hot. not that much just take your sent cub dip it a few times in your wax and see if it to your liking are not.
Not sure. I used double boiler.
444 soy wax is a container wax with a soy based additive that reduces frosting and allows the wax to hold more fragrance than a pure soy wax.
Yes. There is no scent.
96
These wicks are 5" long.
I use mine with soy wax in a 8oz mason jar (about 2 1/2") and it's slightly too small. Once it gets low and I've burned it long enough ( about 6 hours) it finally catches up and creates a full pool.
We bought them for soy and that is all we use.
these wicks are 5" long
White
Heat to 185F, then add dye and scent. Stir for 2 mins. Best to let cool to 135F to pour.
Yes
Yes
It is soy wax. The brand i get is Golden Foods 464. It's 98% soy wax and 2% is additives.
I believe it will work great. One good thing about soy wax is you will burn all of your wax giving you your moneys worth!
This wax is meant for making container candles and not pillars. This is because the wax is soft and flows when the candle is burning, if left outside a container it'll spill everywhere and make a mess. For pillars, try paraffin or palm wax, or some other pillar blend wax.
I purchased this item and received 10 lbs of soy wax flakes. It notes it is a "10 pound bag" and that is true! The picture must be a sample. My bag looks exactly the same, except much larger and with the proper label.
If this is your first time making soy wax candles, what you may want to do is just buy 2 pounds of wax from some place like Michaels. This way you can see if this is something that you will enjoy doing. One pound of wax should make you two 14 oz candles with some wax left over. So 10 lbs should be more than enough. For the first time I would do the following; Melt a pound of wax or fill to top measuring line (I prefer using a Pyrex 8 cup measuring cup and a microwave oven, but use something with measurement on the side.) Remember that measurement before and after the wax is melted. I myself use cups measurement and find that two cups of wax flakes reduce to about one cups melted more less. If using a micro to melt the wax; what I do is running it for 3 minutes, wait 3, then run for another 3 till melted. That way the bowl doesn't over heat or crack. Though I've never had this problem, but better save than sorry. Cleaning wax outta a microwave has got to be a pain. When wax is melted put aside to cool. Which should take about 30 min. Real simple method to check if ready is a touch method. If the sides of the measuring cups feel warm to lukewarm then your ready to pour. Remember this is a test pour so don't add any scents to the wax and remember the measurement of the wax in the bowl before you pour! Pour the wax into two of your 14 oz containers. With this and the amount left in the measuring cup you should be able to figure out how much wax is needed to make a normal batch that your looking to make. I hate math, gives me a headache. So a really easy method to figure this out is to take the remaining melted wax that's in the measuring cup and pour that into a separate container at the wax can be remelted for a later use. Pour the two 14 oz containers back into the measuring bowl. Check the measurement on the side of the bowl and double that. That should tell you how much soy wax flakes are actually needed to make a least two 14 oz candles. To be honest, it's a hit or miss method till you figure things out over time. I myself make four 8 oz candles a batch and use seven cups of soy wax flakes and 2oz of scents after flakes are melted and cooled before the pour. I hope the 14 oz jars your using are wide mouth so it easier to stick the wick to the bottom of the jar. If your looking to sell, I would test a couple to see how they burn. Great thing about jar candles is if you mess up you can remelt on the stove and restart again. If just for personal use, I would suggest ordering some tin containers. Those can be used over and over again. So you'll get your moneys worth Hope all this helps. Best of luck!
I'm not sure it's sold in us but I'm not sure if it's made in the us sorry I can't be more help
Hi , I don't know about other companies however, candlescience online soy wax is produced in the USA. Good Luck, have fun!
Yes! I use my microwave to melt mine. I boil the jars, i pour my wax into, in a pot on the stove while the wax is melting. Always best for some reason to boil them. I think it makes a difference on how the wax cools down. Ive tried just pouring the wax straight in the jar without boiling. And the wax didnt settle right at all, as it hardened.
It is wonderful. I pour at the slushy stage to reduce shrinkage and pitting.
No it has a 2% soy wax additive in it, hope this helps :-)
To be honest, I really don't know. But I did a little checking on the web and found this web site. http://www.wisegeek.com/how-do-i-choose-the-best-paraffin-bath.htm "These treatments are called paraffin baths for a reason. Soy and beeswax may be options for those looking for a natural treatment, but these waxes also usually get hotter faster than paraffin. Colorless, odorless paraffin is also typically a good medium for holding many kinds of scents, oils, and herbs." Hope this helps.
It depends on the size candles you are making so I'm really not sure what exactly you're asking. If you're pouring 16 oz candles, you can make 10. If you're pouring 8 oz candles, you can make 20....
I really don't know. I returned this clock. the second hand made a grinding noise from the 35 second mark until the 10 second mark.
It has the standard -- a large hole that goes up to smaller opening above it... The "large" hole is about the size of a dime.
there is no settings. However, as long as you matched your local time. It works very well.
The one I received arrived defective. I didn't have a chance to find out how it would fare in the shower. I would advise against this clock based on the number of comments about defect.
white
It's matte - it looks cool.
I bought the Silver Quartz wall clock and it is one of the most beautiful clocks I have ever owned. It is not only a beautiful piece but it is completely silent and keeps perfect time. I will recommend it with 5 starts.
Approximately 13 3/8"
Yes, you place the tape and then you are able to remove the top backing when you want to remove it. It is a very secure bond and sticks almost any thing to any thing. I love it
This tape has high tac properties, but I've only used it for paper to paper. I've not tried it for hanging something of substance.
Tape's width is 1/2 inch, and yes it has the Scotch's double sided thickness. Unnoticeable
No you would need foam squares for pop up like that.
Yes
Yes. That's the same size as my bobbins and they fit like a glove.
Approximately 7x3.5x1.25 inches, (this includes the latch protrusion of about .125" on the width.)
I believe only home use machine bobbins. I have two home sewing machines - a Janome DC3050 and an old Singer 401A. Bobbins for both those home machines are a good snug fit in these cases. Those industrial Juki bobbins look quite a bit larger. If the Jukis do not fit in any other regular bobbin case (maybe take a bobbin to a store, if possible, and try them out in some other brands of bobbin cases???) they probably won't fit these cases.
Yes. They are flat on top. They can also be hung.
I used a quarter which is 1" to see if it would close. It does. The foam gives in the width and the top closes with a slight clearance (not touching the top of the quarter). I hope this helps.
Yes the lid lock click close and no mess when turn upside-down. I have these pretty bobbin box for more than a year now. Sturdy and really serving its purpose. My bobbins are well organized. So happy with the purchase so far. The plastic is not fragile to break like other bobbin box.
Etta -by "sitting on it's side", do you mean lying flat? If so, then no, they don't fit that way. The bobbins sit "on end, in other words "straight up"! Hope that answers your question. Each box holds 26 bobbins; they stay nice and snug, don't unravel, etc. Colors are visible through the clear lid; I've found them to be most helpful in keeping me organized. Since each box holds 26 bobbins, plan accordingly, especially if you are working with more than 52 colors. If you do lots of sewing, you might need 3, or even 4 bobbin boxes.
Yes, they were exactly as pictured. They fit my bobbins perfectly. I was very pleased with the price and the product.
Yes! I have a Bernina and the bobbins fit perfectly. Best bobbin box ever you will love it.
This set includes 2 box. It's great !!!
The larger faces in this mold are 1.5 inches wide x 1.75 long, and the medium sized ones are about 1 inch diameter, and the smaller ones are 1/2 inch diameter and 3/8 inch diameter. They are all pretty small.
Not big. The largest is about 1 1/2"
I actually believe that Sculpey has a little mold such as this one, that is just arms and legs. Search here and also look at your local craft stores such as Michael's, AC Moore or any such craft store. Good luck.
Contact Grace Company customer service. 1-800-264-0644
Yes when you order it. You tell what machine you have. Then when you get it it tells you what settings for your machine. I also have that sewing machine. Good luck
contact the grace co, they will let you know, each regulator is factory set for certain machines 500.00 is a lot of money to waste if it doesn't work with your macine.
I'm not familiar with these. Check out Grace Companies website for compatibility.
I use the stitch requlator on a Juki tl-98q on a homemade frame. had to modify the rollers to work on my track but otherwise was a simple modification works great should work on the hinterber frame but you should have some one with good mechanical skills look at it.
No the stitch regulator works by speed sensor on the castors on the carriage the sewing machine sits on . The carriage also sits on tracks that allows it to roll.
It is a couple plug ins that you disconnect. Most equipment is attached to carriage.
Yes the "sticky" is clear. I'm not sure about it holding the weight of a glass rectangle - my experience is only with paper crafting. If the glass is being adhered to something itself and the tape isn't holding the entire weight, it might work. If packing tape came in narrow sizes, I'd think that would hold. Sorry I can't be more specific for your project - it's excellent for my cards and scrapbooking. Good luck on your project.
It will be seen. It works great as far as sticking, but if you are worried about it being seen, it is not the tape you want to use.
yes. This tape holds very well. Love it.
I do not think it will hold something of that weight. I think this product is suited for paper bonding of various weights. I think eventually gravity might pull it down, if you use this tape.
Yes it would. I've never had problems with it sticking to any material that up have used so far including glass. This is awesome stuff.
On regular or fine it works fine, however, I have never tried with a very course glitter. If the coverage is not enough you could always add some additional glitter with some liquid glue. I always use a spray sealer on the glitter after the glue dries. Good Luck.
On the spool, the outer side is covered with the wax paper, but it's sticky on the inside. You can still easily cut strips before using, but be careful because it's strong! I also found that after a bit of cutting, I had to clean my scissors using GooGone or something similar because the adhesive would build up on the scissors. LOVE the product though... plenty sticky and perfect for so many projects.
I would imagine that it would hold up to the type of moisture in mixed media projects. I use to attach all sorts of things to cardstock but, given its intense holding power, I think it would hold chipboard to MDF. I have used it to hold photos to metal with good results.
It may. You should use an adhesive remover like Undo to remove you tiles.
I would not think it would. There is a tape that is made for hems. It used to be called Stitch Witchery but not sure what they calle it now. You can get it at most retail stores in the fabric department. You have to iron it on and it bonds one side of the material to the other. When the heat hits it, it basically turns to a glue, and that can be washed several times.
Yes, I think so if the jacket is cloth and not vinyl or leather. It works well if it can "grab" something to adhere to and it "grabs" cloth well. Remember, though, that it may slightly discolor fabric so keep the TM under the patch and don't allow it to bleed out from under it. Use a small amount at first and add to it if you need more.
Well, it didn't work trying to adhere leather to leather. Not sure.
Possibly but since the leather is cracked and peeling you probably need a leather hydrator/conditioner as well
Doubt it.. It looks like gum when it dries
White
If you apply it very carefully in very small amounts so that it doesn't ooze out over the edges of the lace, yes.
Yes. I have used it on a couch, a backpack, a fitted sheet and many other items. It does good on fabric.
I used it on my leather car seat, directly where I sit. I mended it about 4 months ago and so far the mended area doesn't appear to giving. I can only assume that if it will withstand me sitting on it daily then it should be able to handle an elbow.
It goes on white . I have only used it on jeans and after I let it dry over night and then wash them its not an issue. It's definitely not black at all. I might add I am using it on work jeans not real nice ones. And if it a big tear I patch the inside and use the tear mender .
I glue my leather belt and it worm really good. I had to try it a couple of times just because I never glue a belt before but after a couple of tries I got it good and it good as of now.
Yes, I found my sofa was much brighter after using. I did find that the bristles had to be used with care, as they are very stiff, so as not to damage the fabric. I will use again.
We have order 5 or 6 can's - the product is good and cleans my couch, it is smelly. 1 can did not work, but we were not able to return it.
Yes
Maybe.. I didn't think it worked very well
If you're not trying to remove a stain I don't think you'd necessarily have to scrub, but it would probably work best if you did.
Don't know... Works great on carpet and upholstery.
Contact the seller via the amazon link to request the conversion chart. I did that and they emailed it to me within a couple of hours. (Excellent customer service!)
No
1100yards on each mini king cone.
Yes this thread has a beautiful end result in most all embroidery machines.....Keep in mind to purchase a needle for your machine that has a larger Needle eye then most ...the reason for this is to keep the thread from fraying as you are using it.....some decorative threads tend to be softer and more fragile so as they pull with the tension of the machine they can break off eaisier....ask your favorite Fabric shop for the larger eyed needles....they are actually just as sharp they just have a more elongated eye for the thread......Best of luck with your sewing adventures.
It is Threadart Brand. For more information go to their website. I have had good results with this thread. Polyester is not as shiny as rayon embroidery thread but it still looks gread. I really like the way you can secure the thread on the spool.
A small spool with a locking bottom
It was very hard to find in lots of them. Use a needle end and lightly drag over the spool until a thread loosens and then you should be able to find the end.
clockwise
That's not a question
My mom's machine is a Brother and she said they fit perfectly
I used mine for applique my designs and it worked very well
If you type in thread art it shows you the comparison. Some of them don't have number comparisons. I typed in thread art colors compared to brother thread and you can download the color chart. I hope this helped.
Yes it works well with it. My husband has the same model, I bought for his new found hobby.
I think about 3 square feet per pour. I haven't layed any up yet as I had my wife make them up. she has done about a dozen pours and needs a whole lot more. Will be nice to work with. I chose the dry stack style. Coloring them different colors with cement dye.
They are about 3 inches wide. They are not intended to stack they should be attached to a substrate.
No. There is a coloring powder you mix in with cement.
They are single molds. I was unhappy with the results.
A full instruction is included on the package when you receive your purchase. You can also search youtube.
The mold manufacturing company has information about sealing your finished product. http://www.themoldstore.info/Sealing_Concrete.html
The regular grey mortar mix works great to achieve good colors (just add the pigments), mix your mortar to about "ice cream" consistancy, make sure to use a good release agent, vibrate them good after pour to let the airbubbles out, and dont try to demold them untill properly cured (about 12-18hrs at least) and you should be happy with the results.
Rocks measure approximately 6 to 9 inches long with varying widths/depths. I have yet to use them. I have made 3 sets in the mold so far and plan to make 400 to 500 of them for my project. Rocks are turning out wonderfully using standard 80lb bag sakrete with playsand and portland cement added 5:1. I have a lot of concrete to pour before I am ready for the rocks so I have time to make them as I go. I pour a batch of rocks with every pour I make in my project. I am acid staining the rocks also with a green and a dark purple. They look like real rocks though some are darker than I would like (when I mix the green and purple too heavily it turns dark brown). I am thinking that I should have bought more than one set of molds but I am very happy with the results I am getting.
I used sakrete 80# concrete mix and it worked great. It hard the rocks in it so it added to the depth and overall texture.
Hi Ana, I'd put the colors in my review of this set, my review is under Sue of CT. The color numbers are: E04, R20, E95, E50, E53, YR00, E11, E57 and a black multiliner.
Actually the one that comes with it is a 0.3 Multiliner.
Yes, Ciao and Sketch Copic markers are the same as far as tips go. The difference between them is that the Ciao/ while being pretty much the same as the Sketch ones/ just come in about 50 less colors, give or take a few. I never counted them to be sure. They also hold a little less ink then the Sketch. But otherwise they are the same.
The thread is very thin and difficult to work with. I could not get it to work in my serger and I can get a lot of different kinds of threads to work in my serger but this thread was a no go no matter what I did with the tension. I would not recommend this thread.
I use this thread for hand embroidering Japanese characters and English letters on martial art belts (satin stitch). However, the thread is very thin and I find that I need to double the thread or it would take longer than I have time for. It also tangles and frays very easily if you are not careful.
About 6.5" The thread is quite fine, not strong, and tangles easily.
I have not had any issues with this so far. I slow my machine down some and that seems to be the trick. Hope that helps!
I have washed in cold water on delicate, but I don't use dryer. I line dry.
Since I bought it over six months ago my memory is hazy. There is a very good assortment of colors and so far I have used several of the spools up. I sew out of my home and this is really good quality thread. For the price you pay you get a good assortment and a good quality thread that doesn't twist or break easily.
Kept breaking on my machine
Sorry I took to long getting back to you! They were a gift for my Grand daughter and I had to ask her!! They are plastic!!
Yes. I have used it to patch up the little Rios and tears in my little ones stuffed animals...dolly clothes..etc.
I checked on mine and each spool has 200 yards.
Thread is never listed by size anymore, not the polyester thread for sewing anyway. Hasn't for at least 20 years. But, this is probably approximately size 50. If it's heavy duty or very fine, it's marked. So, before you get all "FRUSTRATED", learn what is going on in the world of sewing today.
Polyester thread made today is the best, it feels like cotton but is stronger and more tensile.
I bought 2, but it comes 1 each or check with them about bulk cost, it should be cheaper. Hope this helps.
I use this for makeup brushes and I love it. Works very fast. Also great for cleaning gel liners and cream shadows.
It has kind of a citrus scent.
Yes, I have used it on oil, watercolor, and acrylic. It works great.
I personally use it for acrylic paint, but I would think it would also for latex. On the package it says for oils, acrylic and watercolors.
I would say no. My sister gave me several paintbrushes she had previously used for nail polish, and this did not remove an appreciable amount no matter what I did. It did, however, cut through old paint deposits she had not properly removed prior to using them for her nails.
Yes, you can. All connections are pretty much universal. I have used two different air brushes with this machine. BTW, for the money I found this machine excellent for the non pro artist and hobbyist. Hope this helps.
Wrap the air hose outlet with the supplied Teflon tape put it on thick this will This should give a quarter to half less rotation just play with it then hook it up and it should hold pressure
Definitely...I used it for applying acrylic, and leather paint. Cake decoration, tanning, make-up and even on my car(wheels).
It will spray anything that is thinned to the proper consistency for spraying. Most polyurethane water-based varnishes are sold with a consistency good for brushing, not spraying. You will probably have to thin the varnish with water or alcohol to a spraying consistency.
I don't think it will hold up. It will clog a lot. I have to mix my acrillic pair with rubbing alcahol to thin it. It's a great system though. Hope this helped. Your looking for something like task force or something heavy-duty like that.
I'm not sure of an exact amount of time, I've used it for around two hours sometimes more. But if you turn it off between colors or cleaning, I don't think it should get too hot. I do have mine off the carpet though, I would recommend allowing air to flow around it. But overall I haven't burned my hand on it or anything like that. I hope that helps you.
It's no trouble at all. I give it a quick cleaning with water and then a small amount of airbrush cleaner after each use. This process takes about a minuter and I am ready to go again. I do a deeper cleaning following the completion of a project. Hope this helps, I have had no problems with the airbrush or compressor.
It sounds like you need to adjust the regulator. There should be a black knob on the regulator that you can pull out then turn to increase or decrease the air flow.
I would look on youtube for videos of ppl using it. You'll hear the compressor. Here's a link http://youtu.be/rBPL0AORrvY?t=20m27s that's what it sounds like when I use it.
I want to say it was a .2 or .3
It depends on the which machine you have. The sewing area of the actual machine is the key. The large hoop does not increase the sewing space. It allows for you to move the hoop up and down without re-hooping the fabric. The other factor is whether or not your machine allows for re-sizing. For example I can resize designs 20% either way. Look in the embroidery section of your manual and see what the dimensions of your sewing space are. I know it's kind of confusing. I hope this helps. If not ask another question and I will try to help you.
You will have to use an editing software such as Sew What Pro to use it
It's a genuine Brother hoop
It works! I have it, and works as designed. It is an original part manufactured by Brother.
I am not familiar with an Innovis 12500 embroidery machine. I really am just am amateur, myself, & haven't used the 4X6 frame that much. I use the 4X4 frame mostly. However, if you are wondering if the 4X6 frame will fit your Innovis, you might try going to: www.brother-usa.com/homesewing to see if the 4X6 frame is compatible with your Innovis by sending Brother an email or ask a compatible question on Brother's website. Hope this was somewhat helpful.
Yes it will
I went by the part number (sa434) it worked for mine. I have a brother simplicity embroidery only. Also it stated I needed a new arm for clearance I ordered it (because it said the arm must say brother) i didnt need it. But safe then sorry. Hope that helps. Check your manual if it says you can use that hoop # you should be fine.
Yes. And in the software. Tell it that hoop so it will break the design in to 2 parts
Why, what do you need to know about it? Ask the question, I'll try to answer it.
The hoop is only 4 inches by 6 inches, so in reality you can only embroider something that is maybe 3 by 5 inches. You would need to be get a bigger hoop, or do the design in sections. Good luck.
Honestly, I haven't used it on earrings but my guess would be yes. I say yes because I left my wedding and engagement ring in this solution over night and the next morning, there was so much crud that came out of all the little holes under my diamonds that I never even knew was there.
It is safe for all gemstones including CZ diamonds. It is all natural ingredients.
Yes, but directions say to not soak them for more than 5 minutes.
It is safe for all jewelry including costume.
Wife uses this for all her jewelry and happy with the product. It's kind of messy, but I guess that can't be avoided. I use this solution in my ultrasonic cleaner as well to clean various things like my watchband and sunglasses.
It most likely will. Don.t expect an invisable mend though. It is a light brown dark tan material, rubbery in substance.
I have not found that the product dries out as long as it's closed properly. I have had this product for a long time now and it's still ready to use. Hope that answers your question. Have a great day!
The material of the bathing suit is so thin, be sure to spread just a thin coat of tear meander on the patch - this is to make sure no excess glue will seap through the fabric of the bathing suit. If any seap through you'll notice the glue!
Kind of in between. More like heavy whipping cream before it is whipped. It is milk colored but not when dry. Hope this helps
No
Yes, but the area that it's applied to will become a little stiff and rubbery
Will stain if not careful need to put another fabric under the repair
I had NO luck with thus product either!
Tear Mender will definitely man either leather or patent leather. I used the glue to repair a Pottery Barn recliner and the results are excellent. I can barely see where the tear used to be. The glue dries flexible and clear.
I'm sure you can use them for your serger. There is only one spool of each color and most servers required 3-4 spools. Also they are smaller than the cones traditionally used for a serger. I use them on my regular sewing machine.
I bought this thread a few months ago. I have a studio so I sew a lot and I am very happy with the thread and the price. I have had no problems with it at all. The package says Tkt:120 Tex:24 1000 m It is ployester thread and it is from coatsindustrial.com. Hope that helps
It doesn't have a start thread like plastic spools, but I didn't have any problem finding the beginning of the thread and I've used several of the spools.
I don't havevs Singer, but I have a Janome sewing machinev& a Simplicity serger & it works with these machines. I really like the thread, it is marked Coats Astra.
This thread is for sewing machine or hand sewing. It is not for embroidery. I have this and it works good for me.
Yes it can be used on your serger, without the spool holders. No, I didn't use another adapter.
It is 50s/3 standard weight.
I am not familiar with crocheting, I am sorry I could not answer your question
They are smaller than I expected. I would estimate they are approximately 3 inches tall maybe slightly less.
This thread would most likely work on your horizontal thread holder. I have this,and I believe the core is the same size as the inside of a wooden spool.
I bought these bobbins for my Designer Ruby by Viking which is pretty close to the Diamond and they work great! I never had a problem with them. I will definitely buy them again. Good luck!
I have no knowledge of use on Janome machines. I have Brother & Babylock and that is all I use. Maybe buy a couple locally just to try. But this is the best way to go if they work. Good luck.
YES!!! and they are wonderful. They last much longer than the ones you wind yourself. Good luck with them.
I use the prewound bobbins in my Brother Quattro and they work fine. You don't need to buy "brother" bobbins. I'm not sure if they are the L or the M bobbins. The ad should tell what machine they are for. No problem with off brand bobbins also.
You need to contact the company for that information or look online to see if your Babylock will accept L-Style bobbins.
They work very well on my designer 1. I will not go back to winding my own bobbins
I use them in pfaff 7570.. Works very well For regular sewing.
I don't know... Sorry!
I have a baby lock ellure and so I googled about bobbins and found that it would work in mine. I would suggest that you try that first.. Also I think that brother also makes baby lock Hope this helps. I am very satisfied with the thread and bobbin
Size 15 is different from the bobbins listed in this listing. We have them under different listing in our amazon store http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004JJSX1Q?ref_=pe_527950_34206950
The piece i received was AT LEAST a yard. I thought it would be a tiny piece, so i purchased it to cover a poster-sized corkboard to hang all my jewelry on. I used the leftover to cover the Inside back panel of a bookshelf (which is about 40" tall and 25" wide) and i still had some leftover.
I don't know about Frozen ( I have not watched it). But it is a very bright and absolutely stunning shade of turquoise. I made ballroom dress for myself to match my daughter's dresses for Dickinson in strand festival during Xmas.
No this is not stretchy and recommend a sewing machine to do a loose stitch
60 "
Yes! my fabric was all in one piece and I ordered 8yd. You will love this satin. I did!
Yes. It came on a roll. I order 8 yards. .
Yes
From center to center they are roughly 1 5/8" apart and they are 1 1/2" long. I hope this has helped.
The 1 5/8 is the center to center distance horizontally. Vertically it is 2" center to center. Don't know where the 3 came from except that on my keyboard, for some odd reason the 2 and the 3 keys are next to each other. Oh well.
3"
Not side by side. You would have to skip a dowel. I put my small spools every other and that works.
on the purple hat loom it is 5/8 " on the other looms it is 6/8"
My daughter was the same way, the purple one was worked great. (she's a young adult) You can make the hat smaller if you need to. I hope this helps
We are using these for our students ages 18-21 with disabilities, some of which are pretty extreme. They seem to handle it well and are making some very nice hats which we are actually selling. I think an 8 yr old can work this.
There are 48 pegs on the purple loom...BUT...it is only about a 1/2" bigger than the green loom that has 36 pegs. It just provides a closer knit, not necessarily a bigger hat. It seems to be a perfect adult fit with a nice close knit. Don't confuse it with the size of the yellow loom that has 41 pegs because the yellow loom makes VERY LARGE hats! This purple loom is my FAVORITE loom for knitting adult hats :)
I don't have the yellow knifty knitter loom, but in doing some internet research tonight I saw that the yellow loom is 11.5 inches in diameter and has 41 pegs. This loom is 10.25 inches in diameter and has 48 pegs. This loom would be a bit smaller and have a smaller gauge due to the pegs being closer as well as having more pegs total.
Yes
Not from Amazon. You might check the Brother website for parts
No, didn't fit the machine. Had to return and purchase one notched properly.
I don't know, but my manual had a parts list with my brother. If you do not have manual and can Download from the web. I just checked.
No, it doesn't. According to Brother website, 4x4 hoop for your machine 1250D is SA443
The flatback rhinestone! they have heavy-duty glue on the back of them. I love it I use all the time
it has a flat tool you can apply heat to any shape stone. So yes it can apply odd shaped stones.
We manufacture the BeJeweler. The precision tips will pick up and apply Swarovski hot fix embellishments since the are high quality and their dimensions are consistent. Other hot fix trims can be added with the Hot Spot tip UNLESS they are plastic. Sequins are usually plastic. Creativecrystal.com
I have not had any problems . But have only worked with denim.
The crystals I got with the iron are not Swarovski. I happened to also order Swarovski's at the same time. The Swarovski's were much easier to work with, and did not fall off of the material. I wouldn't use the ones that came with. That being said, see if the larger crystals match up with any of the tips that came with the iron. The size is written on the side of the tip. Good luck.
I think it's designed for hot fix flat backs, so I am going to say no. I did not have ANY luck with this tool at all, so I don't recommend the investment at all.
They should fix almost all Singer
Kathy, I went on line and searched the Singer 4423 sewing machine and the search took me to The Amazon sight, where the Amazon sight paired this machine with the 15J bobbins as a package, so I would say these bobbins do fit you machine.
all singer electric sewing machine is usually a 15 J singer regular sewing machine is just 15 look up singer.com they have a chat line or they have a 1800 number I looked it up they take a 15J
I got this from the internet. It is important to ensure that you have the correct bobbin. You should not use ... 15J, 85128, Plastic, As 15 with thinned edges. 66, 32522, Metal ... Sure Fit, Plastic. Centaur .... 2000, Futura, Plastic .... New Athena 2009, 15J, Plastic. Pixie Plus ...
Kahmun L: The short answer is Yes. The 1512 uses a Singer 15 bobbin. The 15J bobbin will work with a machine that takes a 15 bobbin, but a 15 bobbin will not work in a machine that takes a 15J bobbin. There are slight dimensional differences between the 15J bobbin and the 15 bobbin. Interestingly, the 15 bobbin in infinitely more common than the 15J bobbin. The 15 bobbin is ubiquitous where you have to look for the 15J. Good luck Kahmun L.
I bought these for my sewing machine that takes a 15J and they seem more like the bobbins that go in my 15 machine. Both bobbins are interactive but there is a slight height difference. If you have a fenicy machine that needs the exact bobin then you do not want to use these. I even found two bobbins that were not the same as the rest of the pack in height. I am not fimular with a 1144 but I am a 4411 which would work fine with these. I find these bobbins more a 15 then a 15J.
check your hand book that came with your sewing or embroidery machine and it should give you a number width between the top and bottom rounds of the bobbin and also some machines will allow plastic or metal bobbins and some only metal or only plastic , the ones i bought were for both machines.
If yours is the CG590 Commercial Grade then it use Bobbin Class 66. At Singer.com search for "CG590" and one of the hits is CG590 Commercial Grade (is that yours?). Follow the link to Features and Included Accessories. I don't know the difference between Class 15J and Class 66. Hope this helps.
http://www.sears.com/singer-bobbins-fits-models-2010-4613-4617-4263/p-SPM6124715205P These bobbins will fit.
Do you mean, "Will 15J bobbins fit a Singer 9340 machine?" The ad says, "Made to Fit Any Singer Sewing Machine that Uses Class 15 Bobbins". Your machine takes Class 15 bobbins. So, yes. These bobbins worked just fine on several of my machines that use Class 5 bobbins.
Adjust your thread tension to 4,6,&7, drop the knife set the red slide adjustment near the needles to R, set stitch width to R
No, mine takes size 11 & 14 depending on fabric. They're workhorses.
There are some good tutorials on YouTube for treading sergers, because you have to tread it in a certain order or the knife will cut the tread. I also found that tweezers help to get the tread through the small places. Mine came with strings already threaded through the machine you can tie your thread to the strings and pull it all the way through the machine that's supposed to be the easiest way. I had to take mine to a shop and the nice man charged me $25 to thread it. Good luck!
I got mine a few years ago but as far as I can remember, all that comes with it is a direction book.
No, it doesn't.
The cup opening is 4 inches across. There is an opening for a mug handle on the right side of the holder that measures aprox. 5/8 inch. The photo shows 2 openings but there is only one - for a right handed person.
It depends upon who you purchase it from. My Scrappin Spot ships all items with the US for free standard shipping.
You can detach the trash can from the cup holder, although there is a bracket that is not detachable which holds the trash can in place. This is a wonderful product and it's very sturdy.
Yes it can be removed... The company also sells attachments to hold tools as well. Hope this helps.
Sorry to say -- there is only one opening for a cup handle. So, yes it does make it either awkward to reach or difficult to arrange things to make it handy.
I do not know if it holds beer cans well. It holds other cans well - with extra room.
Trash can is removable. I use this to go on quilt retreats so no spills near fabric. Love it!
Definitely! It is big. It holds one of my bigger coffee mugs. It also has a slit for the handle to fit through! I really like it!
I don't know if you can wash it but it looks like you can wipe it down or clean it if it gets dirty.
I do not know, although it is very easy to make one up.
Don't know. We have a Toyota 6700 serger and it fit well into it.
Yes, it does fit the Brother 1034D perfectly. And it's a great protection for the serger in storing and transporting.
I have a Singer Ultra Lock and it fits with plenty of room left over. Unless your serger is excessively large it would probably work. However, since you sew I'm sure you have a tape measure, I would suggest measuring your serger. This is a really nice case and I have been really pleased with it.
I'm sorry I don't know.but if I 'm your same case, 1st serch your item Janome 7933 + overlock case in amazon site ,2nd you can find it if in stock. I did it same. This case is good. Good luck!!!
Sorry i cant be much help. I bought this for someone and don't know anything about the machine.
I don't know--mine is a Baby Lock Eclipse and mine fit!
Up to 3/4 wide.
go to singer website, there put in search area, Singer Athena - look at feet for your machine. they show you use an easy sort of clip to machine foot - on the feet look at the metal bar that attaches to machine - if this is like your - then yes the bias tape foot will work & attach that easy - if not you can probably get attachment that will adjust any foot to this type- just ask at Singer. Hope this helps - I love the foot - I made 14 placemats for Easter and used my bias tape maker & this foot.
If your machine is a low shank machine it will fit. It does not snap on it uses the machine's ankle screw to hold the foot in place.
Hi Sandy I went on you tube and found several tutorials. Good luck.
If you have a low shank machine with a snap on ankle it should work. I found my work was not as good as if I used the usual two step process for sewing on binding. But I have a friend who loves hers and has spent plenty of time learning to use it.
Bernina machines have a special shank on their feet. I have seen but NOT used an adapter for regular feet for use on a Bernina. Bernina does sell a bias binder foot made just for the machines. They are not cheap but they are designed to work with a Bernina machine. I bought this foot to use on a Singer and it works well. By itself, it will not fit a Bernina without an adapter.
only if is a snap=on foot
This foot is for a low shank machine. Please check to see that you have a machine that is a low shank and not a high or slant. Usually if it is a low shank machine and a Singer it will fit almost all machines like that. I hope this helps- here some information on low shank or high- measure from the bottom of foot to the screw. If is 3/4 of and inch it is a low shank. If it is 1 and 1/4 inch it is a high.
No, my machine is Elgin Supria JX-2050
There is a list of compatible machines somewhere within the description. I am not sure if your model Juki is on it. Sorry I don't have a more definite answer.
I don't believe it can be used as a transfer medium. I have had great success with Lazertran which is made specifically for your proposed type of transfer. The type I have is for laser printers, but they may have one for inkjet. I would be careful about running any primer or gesso in a printer because it may cause serious damage.
It dries matte..it has that kind of toothy gesso texture. It does seal & it is clear..I like this product!
I would say so. I used it on artist paper and even coloring books. It gives you a nice rough surface to paint/color on. Colors are much more vivid, also.
You can always use oil over gesso or acrylic. Just not acrylic or gesso over oil. I hope that helps. :)
This is a surface prep medium. Not to be used as a top coat. Also, this doesn't dry completely clear like you would think. I suggest a spray varnish or something like modge podge.
Yes.
Not sure, have not used it for that purpose. sorry!
It is an embroidery thread that works ok on industrial machines too on a lower speed (450-500)without breaking..
I'm not sure who manufactured it, but the color numbers are marathon numbers. There is a conversion program on embroidery.com, but it doesn't work with google chrome on my computer.
These are the larger, 1100 ft. spools, which makes the price really good since most of the spools this size cost over $1 each. I have had some problems with shredding since my review but I have 2 brands of thread and could not say for sure which is the problem. It is not a chronic problem so would not stop me from buying this kind of thread again. IN CASE I missed what you were needing to know, the base of the spool is 1.75" and they are 2.25" tall. Hope that helps.
It is not. Well, you can give it a shot with a test run or something but What you can do is search for maybe a waterproof ModPodge or something like that
This is a varnish and not to be confused with gesso. It will gloss but will not make a flat surface.
Hi-I just painted this on, UNdiluted, with a big brush. It worked fine (my painting was 4' X 3.5'). If possible, I wouldn't thin the gloss if you sprayed it. Then again if you applied several coats of thinned gloss it might work out to be the same as unthinned.
I am not sure I understand your question. Could you clarify?
I have not tried it. But, the term "enamel paint" used to only refer to an oil based material which generally has a very hard surface and is shiny. Lately. there have been latex or water based paints that refer to themselves as "enamel" too, so you may want to find out what type of enamel you are trying to cover with this product. If you can't tell, you could test it in a small spot and see how it covers. Generally, I keep water-based products away from oil-based. But, I haven't been adventurous and maybe it's time to rethink it.
Yes, I own a se 400 and it works great.
As far as I know, it will. It works great on my machine.
It looks like it will work for your machine. I went on Brother.com, put CS600 in the search box at the top, and was taken to a page about your machine. I clicked on Accessories, then Feet, and got a list of feet for your machine. SA188 was on the list. I'm not 100% sure because there were 2 choices for CS600 - CS600i and CS6000. I clicked on the first one but you might want to see for yourself. I loved when I found this page for my machine because it describes all the different feet I could get for my machine.
There is no guide with this foot. I don't think one will work with it. If you're talking about one that attaches to the foot not this foot.
The only difference I have found is that this foot seems to slide across the fabric better. I have quilted some VERY thick quilts with this foot and was extremely happy with the results. Hope that helps.
Probably...look on Brother website for comparability
Go to Brother web site to find the walking foot for your machine model. Also look to see what type shank you have. This is important. I think this walking foot will fit your machine but I would check to be sure before you buy it. I have Brother SC9500 and it worked for me.
you can look for the part # for your machine on the brother usa website. I don't have a 1250d so can't tell you.
I would probably use one of the fray-check items.
I have no idea but I would look for a different foot. The one I bought literally fell apart after less than a month of owning it and using it maybe 2-3 times.
The details state; "Fits the following machines: ..., SE400, ..."
I'm not sure. I use it with my machine which is an SE400 for which this foot is not listed for and it works well. The only thing I can suggest is trying it and see if it fits
Yes, the SA187 Open Toe Quilting foot fits the cs6000i machine - works wonderfully.
Hi, I looked up the SQ9050 machine to confirm that it is a "low shank" machine, so yes, you can use the SA187 foot. If you do a lot of free-motion quilting, you'll LOVE it. Hope this helps. K Laguna
I don't know for sure as your machine isn't listed under the ones they say the foot is for, however, they don't list it for my machine either and it works very well. Before running your machine with it make sure your needle doesn't hit any part of the foot. I use the stitch designed for free motion quilting as written in my manual.
It should fit any machine that is a low shank. Mine doesn't say it fits and it does.
No
SA 188 is an open toe walking foot and SA187 is an open toe quilting foot. If you are doing straight stitching then a walking foot is a great tool since it has feed dogs of its own and can keep the fabric from shifting . If you plan to do free motion quilting or follow a pattern with curves, circles, leaves, etc. then the SA187 open toe quilting foot is the one to buy since it allows you to move over the design. The walking foot SA188 moves in one direction only. Both are good tools to have for quilting. It just depends on the type of quilting you want to do. I use either one of the feet depending on the type of quilting I am doing.
I don't know. I called used mine on a Brother. Call a Baby Lock repair person or dealer and ask.
I don't know this machine but I am sure it will fit. Mine did not have it listed but it fit. Unless this machine has a different shaft, it should fit. If your machine came with the plastic one it should fit. Mine had the plastic one and I wanted an open one. Hope this helps.
No this foot gathers fabric for a ruffle and simultaneously serges it to another piece of fabric (as shown in the picture)
In the Brother 1034D, yes it does.
Hi! If you own a regular sewing machine there is no foot attachment to make it into a serger. A serger is a separate machine. When you do purchase a serger the basic foot is all you need to serge your seems, but there are many different feet per each serger for different tasks just like a sewing machine. Hope that answers your question!
It is just a serger, but sergers are nothing like a sewing machine. This serger is wonderful, especially for the price. There are sewing machines who have "serging attachments" but they really do not serge. A serger is a unique machine, and I use it for all my quilt blocks, when I do alterations, for decorative finishes on items, but never for seams, it finishes seams, and things like that. Hope that helps you.
I do not know,I was hoping to read replies to your question. I also need to know.
Sorry I can't answer that. I bought this item for my daughter because it was on her Wishlist.
You have to take the free Brother lessons, they teached me that I can handle any kind of fabrics,
Yes it works with the 2340cv. In fact I hart ever use my machine without it. It's wonderful and worth every penny!
1/4, 3/8 and 1/2
I did buy the pin tuck attachment and am under the impression the 7MM will fit the 400, but I have never used it yet. Hope this helps. Linda.
As long as your BROTHER sewing machine accepts snap on feet, you are good to go.
It would work on any low shank but there is a 5mm and a 7mm. It depends on your machine. I had this problem when looking at them. It depends on your feed dogs. Look at your book and it will tell you if they are 7 or 5.
According to the Brother accessory catalog, that Brother will email you, it does show it is compatable. You may want to verify with Brother before purchasing.
yo lo recivi muchas gracias
On my Brother Quattro 6000D I measure 1 and one half inches. I hope that this is of some help.
Best way to find out, is to go to the Brother website, enter your model number on the query line. It will give you a list of all feet that will work with your model.
A little late, but it looks like the correct walking foot for the XL2600i is the Brother SA107 Walking Foot, found here: http://www.amazon.com/Brother-SA107-Walking-Foot/dp/B001UZ118O
check on the Brother website, it will give you the model number
Brother lists the SA188 as the walking foot for the SE400. http://www.brother-usa.com/accessories/Accessories.aspx?Model=SE400&ACASCID=39
If you have a low shank where your feet attach on your machine this foot should work just fine. I have 3 different machines..1 brother, 1 singer, and 1 willscox and gibbs and this foot works on all 3 of my machines. hope this helps.
I've owed several Brother machines and the feet always fit my new machine, but I can't say for sure. My guess is yes.
Linda, I'm not sure, but it fit my $99 brother machine from Walmart.
According to Brother.com the SA107 is the correct walking foot.
I have used all kinds of batting, thin and thick loft, and this foot has worked well for me every time. I prefer the thinner batting, so I use that most. I honestly love this foot!
According to the brother.com website your walking foot should be an SA169 or SA188. The SA188 has a larger opening. I would assume it would come with the proper screw. Hope this helps.
Unscrew the foot on the machine and attach the walking foot there
The binder shown does not come with a presser foot. You receive only the plastic double fold binder. This binder works with the presser foot that's on the machine.
The width is approximently 1/2 " . Yes, I am able to put it on but haveing a hard time getting it started and staying consistent around curves.
No, it is no way to attached to regular sewing machine.
Yes.direct fit.
I own the htc30 Automach - I am unfamiliar with the 100 Model - if the chuck setup is the same they should work.
Yes, they do fit it.
I have NO idea if it will fit your machine. Your best bet is to contact a sewing machine store that sells Brother sewing machines. I have never heard of an LS2250PRW.....is it a regular sewing machine or an embroidery/sewing machine combination? Sorry I can't be of more help.
I bought mine for my Singer Futura. Not sure if it will work with your machine. I think you have to know if it is a long or short shaft.
I don't have a Brother CS 6000. I have a project runway limited edition. It is a low shank sewing machine. So, if yours is a low shank, the foot will fit it.
I use it with no problems on my CS6000i.
I used several of the stretch stitches on my Brother SE400 with this foot. One problem I did have was the feed dogs on this machine aren't as strong as my old one and don't pull the fabric through as nicely. My fabric slipped a lot.
yes
I am not familiar with your machine but I must say I could not in all good conscience recommend the cutter. Save your money.
You can ckeck at The Brother web site for your model# and the list of parts that fit it. I always go there before ordering here on Amazon.
I have checked some other sources and have to say that this side cutter will not fit the BrotherXR1355.
Anything with a stretch this will not work on. For 100% cotton, I can not speak as I have not tried it. But stretch and knits it does not work on.
I don't have the brother Quattro I do have sewing and embroidery combo and it works perfect on mine and I believe it is universal works on most brother but b4 you order it check the brothers web site for compatibility.
Yes it will work on a low shank machine.....but I don't like the end results of this foot. This is my opinion.....
if its a brother I'm sure it does. because my is a brother its fit.
I'm afraid that the soft fabric will be too flexible to accept and hold the ink. If I remember correctly, patterns that transfer are iron-on, and this requires the pressure of a pen.
Yes. As long as it is lighter colored stone.
In short the answer is yes, however since it is erasable on wood it is more erasable on paper depending on the type of paper and how processed it is and how much of a smooth finish or how much if any water proofing wax they used to coat the paper. You can draw out from anything, any kind of pattern but you should use the appropriate transfer paper for your project to get the best results :)
i just tried it on a regular drinking glass and I could not recommend it. Didn't work for me.
Yes
No, printing on it would mess up the transfer paper. What you would need to do is print whatever you wanted on normal paper, place this sheet of transfer paper between the print-out and whatever you and transferring to, and then trace over the printed page.
Yes, but only to an extent
I don't know if it would work on that - I tried it on glass and also a white plate and didn't really work very good on them. It's the type of carbon paper people use to use on typewriters to make duplicates.
You would use this transfer paper, much like putting carbon paper in a typewriter, to make a copy... or in my case to transfer my drawing on to wood. I'm not really sure how you would go about using a stencil with it. As for finding the stencils, I'd run it through an on line search. Happy trails.
That's exactly what I used, a dull pencil. Good luck!
No they are not. They're water based.
These pens generally work well. However, like most pens the tip can get clogged if I use a pen over some surfaces or media. I'm a mixed media artist, so sometimes I "draw" over acrylic or gesso or paper. Sometimes in those instances, I get a blob. However, it is due to the way I use them--not a problem with the pen itself. I have not had any problems with these pens leaking at all. They are top quality. And they only clog or make a blob because I use them on mixed media surfaces. I have had problems with "cheaper" pens clogging or leaking but haven't had that problem with these. Hope that helps.
Yes! All of these colours, as well as metallic silver and gold (which you can also snag on Amazon) show up really well -- surprisingly, the black marker shows up pretty good, too. The paint is a little shiny, so against a matte paper it's visible. Here's a quick test image for you: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/88630699/uni-poscatest.jpg
It is not permanent and it is matt. I wouldn't use it unless you were going to seal it with lacquer, but then it might bleed when you coat it. Some people wrote they used it on wood.
If they are unglazed, then yes. I'm not sure how well they will stay on a glazed surface, though.
I have not tried it but I would think it will work since they are paint markers, I love them! Hope this helps
These are opaque. I use them on canvas and in mixed media applications so I often have to apply additional layers to get a cleaner more uniform look. if you are planning on layering colors, be warned that the tips on the PC-1M markers are plastic and have a tendency to scratch the previous layer.
No, i never recived this item.
Here's what I found from another online source. I have used this specific set, but I think Uni-Posca also makes another set this is larger and is acrylic markers. These are ink, not acylic. Here's the info. If you use these, they are water-based and will interact with wet acrylic or watercolor. I used them in mixed media. They are lovely. Just remember, if you add water to them, they will move. See the info I pasted below. If you want their acrylic pain pens, these are NOT the paint markers. Set includes: red, orange, yellow, pale green, green, light blue, blue, purple, pink, brown, white, and black. These opaque felt tip markers can write on a variety of surfaces including plastic, metal, wood, glass, plastic, plaster, canvas and more. Paint can be scraped off from nonporous surfaces like glass, etc. but will adhere permanently to porous surfaces such as wood, paper, etc. Water-based pigment ink is non-toxic, lightfast and waterproof. The ink won't bleed through paper (unlike alcohol-based markers) and is excellent for vibrant signs and craft work.
I haven't used them on wood. But they work realllllly well on porous paper. So I would say as long as the tiles are sort of "rough cut"...without a coating on them, they should work really well.
54 sheets and both sides have designs. Very vivid colors that are beautiful. I got mine for art journaling and mixed media.
It is card stock weight. The paper is beautiful and I would highly recommend it.
Yes, it is double sided. This paper and images are simply beautiful. The price is amazing. If you get it, you will not be sorry.
It is not as heavy as card stock but could still be used as a lighter weight card
I don't believe this has PVC/toxins. I've seen a Tonic Studio demonstrator use an exacto knife on it without scratching it. Go to their Facebook page and ask about PCV/toxins. They're very good about responding to questions about their products.
It's made from a 12" x 12" piece of tempered glass.
It's a nice, heavy piece of glass. I don't think there is anything smoother than a flat, glass surface to work on.
Closer to 1/6"
The hole is listed at 1.2mm which is .047 inches or 3/64. This may be the size molded, however the hole collapses so it will stay on a fairly fine ear wire.
I did when I received my order.
They don't move at all because the hole is too small. I can't even use the ones I bought.
These safety backs are for French wire earrings not posts. They are made of soft plastic with a hole in the center that you slide onto the wire to prevent the earring from coming out of the ear.
I like the petals, they are more attractive. I've used the barrels (and like them, too), but I haven't heard of the clutch. I put the normal back on that comes with the earrings (if I'm wearing studs) and place the petal on after that. If I'm wearing a hoop earring, I place the petal/barrel on the end of the earring after it goes through the fastener. The petals and barrels work the same way, so I really can't tell the difference. They work on the same principle. I just happen to find petals instead of barrels when I was looking for a safety net for my earrings. Hope this helps.
Thanks for posting your question, The easiest way to view the available shipping times and cost is by adding the product to your cart. When you click the "proceed to checkout" button you will be able to view the shipping options. Note that you do not need to purchase th item when adding it to your cart. Here's a link to t his sellers shipping policies for more information:
I don't think so, i use in place of the metal ones on posts for pierced earrings.
Yes
Jill, they are not thin, but they are not as long as other safety backs I have seen. I have normal size lobes and when I put them on - I believe I could get two on them on an earring. Hope this helps.
Yes they stay in place.
Safety Backs are not needed for leverback earrings. The end or post of the leverback fits into a shield like holder that in a sense is a safety back. Hope that helps. NJD
Yes
My daughter is 9 and she just wears them as regular backs.
Yes, the letters can be anywhere from 1" to 5.5". I think you can make them even bigger if you need to. The letters on this cartridge are very nicely shaped.
A cuttlebug uses embossing folders, this is a cartridge that you use with their electronic cutting machines like the cricut expression.
The names of the different fonts are, Capital, Connected, Loop Dee Loo, Jack Sprat, Jumbo and Italic Monoline. The letters are thinner than the Classic Cricut Cartridge letters, so they are not so easy to use when cut small out of some papers. Hope this helps.
No
It has such phrases as Happy Holidays,Thanks, way to go,Spring, love u,thinking of you etc. The letters are very pretty and there are 6 different alphabet choices.
Any die that is not 10" wide will work on the baby...baby uses 6" wide dies.
yes you can arrange the fabric and only cut one circle size just make sure you have covered the correct area, and it should work well. did for me!
Don't understand the question? If you are asking if it goes with the Go Baby, I have the AccuQuilt Go and it does go with it. I hope this helps.
They should fit on both. GO! Circle-2", 3", 5"
I use for cutting out appliqued fabric pieces with paper backing attached. Have not cut individual paper with it. I do believe it would work.
Not sure but worth a try!
I don't know as I have only used cotton material or cotton blend for my wall hangings.
I have the go circles which are 2", 3" and 5" hope that helps
You would have to saw a little off the side. I did and it works.
Yes, this due will work with the go baby cutter according to the accuquilt site.
Yes, this die will work in the Go-Baby.
yes it does . Nicely
This kit comes with many different size adapters for different size of Hotfix stones. But the Hotfix stones you have to buy yourself and you need to buy HOTFIX stones-they have glue on the back that will melt when heated. Don't buy NON-HOTFIX because they do not have glue at the back of those stones. The NON-HOTFIX stones you can glue with Crazy glue but can be a big hassle
yes it does very well. I only use the smallest rhinestones. ss6 and ss10's and I have had no problem with it at all. Just be careful though the tip get extremely hot. I have touched it inadvertently a few times and you will get burnt. This is not for a child to use. But it works really well. I suggest after the rhinestone has released from the tool press on it slightly on your fabric and it adheres even better. Hope that answers your question.
My general response is yes. You can use this tool to affix rhinestones to virtually any surface that absorbs water. Leather, vinyl and pleather repel water and are not suited for hotfix rhinestones. Always test application on a fabric scrap to be safe.
The tips are beveled inward.
yes they are washable. Although the instructions don't tell you to do this. I always press on the rhinestone instantly after applying it to make sure it sticks well. Yes it is little hot but I find this way the added pressure of your finger helps to adhere the rhinestone correctly. Hope this helps
I looked over the documentation and it doesn't go up that high. I don't know how high it goes but definitely not to 750 degree as that kind of temperature will require special safety gear.
I'm sorry Laura, but I do not know. The tool was used to affix crystals to a motorcycle helmet, of which, only a few came off due to the heat of the day.
heats up very hot, I would supervise my teen
The tip of the tool heats up and is shaped to hold a specific size of jewel. When used to pick up a jewel that has adhesive already on the back, it heats the adhesive and provides and easy way to apply the jewel to whatever project you are working on. Hope this answers your question :)
Yes. Just about any type of rhinestone except plastic/paste. It several different sized heads to fit all of the various sizes rhinestones.
fabric is laid on the cutter with the fold near the top....( that makes it about 21 0r 22 inches long, doubled). It is placed parallel to the lines, so that the cut will be on the crosswise grain,not the bias.
It is my understanding that all of the newer ones do have angles marked, mine did, that was 6 months ago, but it isn't possible to tell from the description provided. If you would happen to get one without angles you can add them on your own with a nice Sharpie marker and one of your quilting rulers. I have done that on my older dies with no problem. Good luck, I use this one all the time. Worth every penny to me a great way to cut all those scraps as you go and in no time you have plenty of strips to use.
NO! The Cuttlebug is an embosser, and the embossment cards are approximately 4x6". The AccQuilt GO! uses fabric cutting dies that are much larger, and are usually used for quilts. Claire
It works with the Go cutter
No
Could you be more specific I don't understand the two colors of foam portion of your question.
Does not say anything about angled cutting lines on the packaging in the fine print, I would think Angled cutting (when cutting several layers at a time) would give inaccurate sizes of each layer. But only my opinion and I guess depends on what you are doing with it, I use it for binding and strips. The ends are straight with no angle as well. Hope this is hopefull
Yes, this is great. This die has saved me hours of cutting. Great.
A 4" tall spool will be the tallest you can accommodate if you want to close the lid.
No way to attach to the wall without doing some modifications. Might be someway to use Velcro to do it. If you wanted it on the wall, I would look for a shelve to put them on. So far, this is the best ribbon storage solution I have found.
Yes, it has slots for ribbons. I put two spools of the small ribbon in each space. I double up my usage and it works great.
I am not at home so can't measure or count. I want to say at least 15 dividers....so if the spool of ribbon is 1" you just take a divider out...or keep divider there and squeeze spool in. I love them. Stack nicely.
The dividers are adjustable. I like narrow ribbons so my unit has 16 rolls in it at approximately 1/2 to 5/8 inches each. Hope this helps
Sorry! I cannot respond to this question, as I only used a Kandi's Crafter.
It does get hot. I have actually burnt myself a couple of times. If she was strictly supervised and explain about where not to touch it might be ok. When I burnt myself it was due to simply not paying attention to where I was touching. Hope that helps.
The wand does come with setters up to 2mm, 4mm, 5mm, 7mm and 9mm (rhinestones) and 2 rhinestud setters but the 3mm and 6mm are not included in this set. I am not sure if the setters can be purchase separately. This is what was in my set however I did purchase this over 2 years ago and it may have changed since then. Hope this helps. You will love this item I use it for everything the kids want sparkles on.
2mm, 3mm, 4mm, 4mm flat, 5mm, 6mm, 7mm, 9mm flat.
I think I actually had found another size or two on Amazon and ordered them form there.
SORRY,I do not know. Perhaps you can ask Amazon.
It works wondrrful on glass.
This does not pick up the stones. Depending on the size of the stones, you have two choices. For larger stones, once the iron is heated you can place the stone in the tip, wait for the glue to melt (about 5-10 seconds) and then place it. Hold for a count of about 5 seconds. For very small stones, place them where you want them to go, and put the heated tip over the stone and hold it for a count of 10 to 12. For Swarovski stones, this is long enough to allow the small stones to adhere.
Accuquilt recommends the 6" x 12" mat which works in both the Go and the Baby. If you have a Go you might be able to get away using the 10" x 10" but you would need to measure be sure. Then place your fabric and mat perfectly on the die or you have have one end left uncut. If you will be using this die on a regular basis you'd be better off just buying the correct mat. The price on Amazon is pretty good. Using the recommended die always seems to work better.
I think the die itself is 6" X 12", but it cuts 2 squares 5" each.
No. It cuts a 5" square of fabric. Using a 1/4" seam, it would finish at 4 1/2" square. 5" square is the standard size for prepackaged charm squares, so this die would make the same size.
If you go to Accuquilt's site they have a chart posted for compatibility on the dies.
You have to look at the details for each individual die but this one will work in the baby.
This is a Rex. It weighs about 35 lbs. I keep mine in the closet when not in use and it is very easy to bring out and set on a table. I actually use a wooden TV tray as a table for this machine. It comes with extra needles and springs as well as tools. I LOVE mine. I do custom sewing and alterations, so I use mine on about 50 items per week.
Yes regular sewing machine oil will do the trick
You will need to adjust the tension & depth for different fabric weights. this machine seems very sensitive but once you get tension and thread right it does very well.
Everything about a blindstitch is completely different from an ordinary sewing machine...theory of operation, mechanics, threading, let alone the foot. This machine is use for specific purpose, particularly hemming pants or sleeves that require an invisible threading appearance, not general sewing
Yes. It does come with a knee lifter to raise the presser foot for sewing.
I believe that it was made in China.
That's easy. Usually from lint inside pedal interfering with contact points. Unplug, open foot pedal, clean out and close back up -
Hi. The instruction manual that comes with this is useless. I hunted online and found this: MSK-588_Instructions.pdf. It is 26 pages of helpful information. Good luck.
No, u need a surger for that.
Mine are not. Look online for you make and model - I've always been able to find needle specs.
Not sure, but I believe it was the die with 3 squares - 4-1/2" sq, 2-1/2" sq and 2-1/2 half sq triangles (2). Seam allowances are included in above sizes. Sorry I can't say for sure - I have numerous dies that get used on a regular basis, but this is a basic one that I believe came with the cutter. (You will love the Go)
The mat that comes with the Go is 6" x 12". We bought this as a group of quilters and we have just enjoyed the heck out of it. Accurate cuts every time. Each of us buys the dies we like, and everyone can use them. If you have quilting friends, this is the way to "Go" to cut down the cost!
I would say the mats that go over the dies would last for 4 or 5 quilts. one thing you can turn them over and around so even if you are cutting out the same shape say a Apple Core or Square you will have cut marks on different places. Also you will want to have the mat more or less match you die. there is one that is 20 by 10 it think and one that 10 by 10 and one that is about 5 by 10 or something like that. One lady I know used a old rotary mat she cut up. As far as I know the rest of the machine is basically pretty wear resistant. It reminds me of an old hand crank ringer on an old washing tub. Of course I am older than dirt so others may not remember them.
There are videos on youtube about the Accuquilt Go and many different types of videos. I think I watched them all before I purchased my Cutter.
I do not know about wool felt have not use it yet . But it works great on everything else great a lot faster cutting out a quilt hope that this will help you
Art, I'm not sure what you are asking. Is the question about electricity? The AccuQuilt GO does not use electricity, you crank it by hand.
Yes
The baby is smaller. Can't cut larger dies on it
You can special order custom dies from the AccuQuilt website, but they are not inexpensive.
I'm sorry I don't know. You may have to contact the company. Good luck
I think that may be the packaging size. Further down in the description, it reads, "This package contains forty 3/8 by 5/8-inch clips".
No. These clips can hold light weight fabric like a quilt square.
They have a hook,which could hang from a stiff wire or slender rod. You might be able to close the hooks up with a pair of pliers to form a circle if you wanted to.
Yes, they leave a definite mark. Suggest you clamp the item between two pieces of thick cardboard:that should take the impact of the 'teeth'.
They are pretty strong...not sure what you want to hold but I can hang multiple packs of embellishments with no problem.
Hello! This is a simple straight-forward sewing machine. Easy drop-in bobbin (you don't have to wind bobbin separately on top of machine). It does have different stitches to choose from, it's lightweight although not "toy-like". I would NOT use this for sewing a heavy fabric, like denim. It would be great for craft projects, sewing hems and the like. Hope this helps you! Your mom's 89 and still wants to sew..."GO, MOM!!!"
Yes, with guidance from an adult. I have used it with my four year old granddaughter. She likes to use it to make doll clothes.
not sure since i do not have mine, but the size was comparable to other sewing machine's stitches.
No it's way to cheap and flimsy for that. In fact it broke only after my second time using it.
I honestly don't know. I hope you can find out where to get it.
This machine is very slow compared to your average full sized machine.as far as age goes, parental judgment I think. If the child knows it can hurt them if they put their finger under the needle then I think they are old enough. However, I wouldn't let a toddler use it. I would let a school agEd child use it under supervision.
It has a switch you can move from Low to Off to High- in that case you don't have to use the pedal.
I don't know, but I used it to start teaching my 8 year old granddaughter to sew.
I tried some paper before. It is good. 4-6 lays should be Ok.
OK, I just sewed the edge of one of my towels and it works fine. I also just finished "making" actually simply hemming, a length of fleece for a new baby blanket. I rolled the edges and it worked quite well. When I got to the corners, I did try to do the whole 4 layers and it wouldn't, it was just too much. But the regular hem was fine. The machine only goes so fast, which is great for a beginner. For me, I probably could have sewn my baby blanket a lot faster, if the needle went faster. The control ON the machine, not the foot peddle, was a tad faster. But it was ok anyhow.
12x12
10 pages come in it. But can fit 20 pages if you do front and back with the paper and u should be able to add more plastic pape r holders as well if thats not enough.
Hi Monica, It is a 12x12 scrapbook album so you can place as many or as few pics that you want per page. Hope that helps. Gail
It is hard cardboard on both the front and back covers.
Hi Andrea. No, unfortunately it does not.
It's a 12x12 album.
No, only ink jet
The included directions state that the image will not withstand standard washing methods. It needs to be treated for water resistance. They recommend spraying with Scotchguard or similar product using light coats as one heavy one could remove the ink. Finished piece may be dry cleaned. If it was treated with Scotchguard it may be gently hand washed in cool water. I made Christmas ornaments so washing was not a concern. The fabric is rather light weight and very smooth in texture.
For a basic black outlines (like patterns) I use the lowest setting. For a picture I use the highest defined setting-the one that gives you the most vivid color.
Hi there. Fabric backing is pure white, but not real thick. I always use a white backing fabric under anything anyway.i love this product because once your photo is on there you are ready to go...no ironing onto another piece of fabric. I am working on a photo transfer quilt now, and all of it is Inkjet Fabric. They do recommend Scotch Guarding it,however, when you are done with your project. Hope this helps. You do not need Bubble Jet Setter or anything else, just Scotch Guard when you are done.
I'm not sure I just have an inexpensive cannon printer and it worked fine.
As another respondant has stated these sheets are not iron on. My sisters in law who directed me to this product both use it on their quilts to say who the quilt q\was made for or some other message and this is stitched on to the back of the quilt.
Yep, you can! I made pillows with photos on them out of this fabric. It worked wonderfully. Here's how it turned out. http://www.flickr.com/photos/7528267@N02/7205251998/
I'm not sure Scotchgard would help at all. The key to keep it from fading is the ink. You have to use Pigment Ink. Here is a Link to the Pigment based Cartridges you can get. http://laserinkjetlabels.com/pigment-based-inkjet-cartridges.asp
This is not an iron on transfer. This is 100% cotton fabric you sew.
I have never used a laser printer - always an ink jet. But if you do t mind experimenting I Would try one. Your printer will let you know soon enough. Rember Jacquard states they are compatible with ink jet printers. You could text Jacquard and/ or your printer's manufacturer. I have had great success with 6 picture quilts using ink jet printets. But I am dating enough to try a laser if you get no response from Jacquard or printer manufacturer
Weight doesn't change a thing about it.:-)
Hi there - I cannot answer your question. This is something I just don't know anything about. Best of luck!
I should clarify... 2 pounds of this pelleted, yellow beeswax equals a very well rounded 8 cups. Note: that is before melting it... that will be a different measure. Best to measure ingredients by weight and then you don't run into this issue.
No. Like many of the other reviewers I found the beeswax to have a strong plastic chemical smell. I use USDA Organic from J Edwards International.
It is the standard paintball caliber .68.
Sorry This was a Christmas gift. Only know that it was suggested by someone who is active in the paintball scene.
Just the gun nothing else...
Only what you see in the picture... Stock barrel and gun... Nothing else
It is a canvas like material. It has enough paper to allow it to go through the printer. It is not stiff enough to stand up without support. I have used several sheets of this paper, be careful not all printers, including commercial, will take this thickness of paper. Before purchase check the specifications of your printer.
I have a Kodak and I have to help it if you can get it started it might work I had some older canvas worked perfectly this is a little thicker and I have to work with it
Yes. I spray my prints with a clear gloss finish varnish and I have had excellent results.
No it is heavy canvas and would not work in a quilt. I would do a search for printable fabric.
I believe it's 8 sheets from looking on other sites that sell this.
The paper looks white on one side and dark on the other. It feels like parchment paper. The marks it leaves are black like a pencil mark.
It would definitely be more difficult than using it on paper, but I'm quite sure that it's doable. Now all of the drawing or handwriting would transfer, I think, but I'm sure that enough of it that you would able to use it to sew/ use as needed.
I was able to use it on my paintings after the base coat of the background was done with no problems. I had no problem painting over it and erased a few small areas with no problems as well. It worked perfectly.
I don't know--my experience is that it did not work for me at all, and I was trying to transfer a pattern to needlepoint canvas. It did not show up at all.
In my experience, the paper does not leave smudges on other parts of the paper. Water colors do cover the Saran lines on the paper. I had used another transfer paper and it contained some sort of wax which the water color did not cover. Saran was recommended to me by my water color teacher.
Yes. Both the white and gray /black worked but the darker color was better
Yes, you could use it on fabric. I would take into consideration the color you will be using against the color of your fabric. Have fun!
it does trace onto wood yes...do you mean so you can burn a design into the wood? If that is what you mean, it should work..
If you want to trace a pattern, you put the pattern over the Seral, it is like a carbon only is graphite paper...as far as mugs go I cant help you there, I dont know.
This item is available in white.
It cuts about a 99% clean corner, maybe not good enough for NASA, but certainly not a problem if you run your finger along it. I use it to round-off 10mil laminated items, and it has performed perfectly.
I have only tried it on medium and light chipboard.m It did fine on those.
No, this is only for card stock and laminate.It will not work on 18G aluminum its not strong enough.
Hi, thanks for your question. If you purchased this from one of our Marketplace Sellers and would like a replacement from them, please go to the order in your Amazon.com account. From that page, click the "Problem with this order?" button in the top right corner. On the following page, click the yellow "Contact Seller" button and select the topic most related to the reason you're contacting them from the drop-down menu. Please give the seller two business days to get back to you. If you'd like to request a replacement from the manufacturer, you can find their phone and fax numbers here: http://www.weronthenet.com/contact I hope this is helpful!
I cut regular card stock that is 110# for card making. I went down in my craft room and tried cutting regular matboard with it. I don't don't if 4-ply is different than the matboard that they use to mat pictures professionally, which is the kind I have. It would be pushing it to say it will cut that thickness on a regular basis. I got it to cut once or twice, but it did not give a truly clean cut. I don't know if it would hold up to that kind of wear and tear. Hope that helps answer your question.
10 would probably be the limit
No, the edges are uneven and frayed.
You get two options with this: On one side there is a 1/2 inch punch and the other has a 1/4 inch punch. Find the size of the corners on the Project Life cards and compare. I don't know where you could find those but if you have the cards, you can measure the corner with a ruler. There's a trick to measuring rounded corners so you might want to look that up.
I would think, nothing thicker than chipboard.
Only use it once. Paper is still stuck in it.
The title and description tell you that it's a 6 pack of canvases, but don't be fooled. they send only one and when you inquire where the rest of the canvases are, they make it sound like it was your fault for not understanding correctly and then blame Amazon for not listing the product correctly. Beware, they only send one single canvas for $64.96.
It is a package of six. Wonderful bargain for the price. Enjoy
The canvas is mounted on a support which is stretcher bars. The stretcher bars are standard size 3/4 inch.
Wood used on the Winsor Newton 24 x 36 canvas I purchased is pine. Secure and solid.
About an inch. I don't feel like a frame is needed but I like deeper frames a little better.
Unfortunately they're appx .75" deep. Def not the 1.5 inch deep you'd ideally want for hanging without frames.
Yes they are, are you buying the 6 pack, very happy with the purchase/
3/4"
Hi Gina. These are 3/4" thick. If you are looking for the 1.5" gallery wrap this is not the canvas for you. I order these all the time for my paintings but I frame them so it doesn't matter that they are the narrow sides. They do not however have staples on the side so you can paint the sides.
They are pretty thin! They are less than 1" thick. Definitely not the standard gallery wrap!
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
Yes if it's painted on a very smooth surface.
I have never used them on the container itself. I have made a label out of the chalkboard contact paper and then wrote on that with these markers. They also make chalkboard labels now that you can buy in stores.
Yes. But they will need a little time to dry.
Yes
I wouldn't suggest it. They stay on chalk really well. When you leave it for a month or so it can be difficult just to get it off the chalk board. (leaves a slight shadow, some windex to sitting gets it off)
i have a standard chalkboard but my friend who turned me on to these uses them on a metal cookie sheet she painted with chalkboard paint. Hope that answers your question.
No
Yup. I'm a teacher and I use them at school.
I used them on a black standard chalkboard. They look great and super vibrant. Just requires some white board cleaner or windex to get it off.
I haven't had any trouble with mine, but I'm not a heavy user
not sure what cosplay wings are but this is a light weight wire that is heat resistant. I use it for skeletal structure to build polymer clay sculptures (figurines). It is easy to cut and very easily shaped.
I don't know. It's a very flexible, soft wire used for making flexible body parts for cloth dolls. It is also kind of channeled and not very pretty. I personally would go for a heavy jewelers wire. Possibly Zebra wire. It comes in a variety of colors and can be easily shaped.
This wire is very durable, and can be bent back and forth many times without breaking. The actual number of times the wire can be bent before breaking is quite variable, and greatly depends on the amount of tension placed on the wire. Small samples of this wire in various gauges can be obtained at no cost to US customers from Blick Art Materials for testing its durability before making a puchase.
It can bend quite a few times, I wanted to break off a bit and ended up having to get out the wire cutters to do it.
It is somewhat soft and pliable - not spring metal
While it is very easy to bend and shape even without tools, it may not hold it's shape under the weight of the material you use to cover the lampshade. It might work if you twisted multiple strands together, but if someone bumped it or you dropped it on the floor, it would most likely bend. I use it for armatures for stop motion animation because it is so light weight and easy to bend with your fingers.
Yes I belive that it is way strong enough for that.
I think its the same size as 20 gauge wire, best bet is to look up a conversion chart online. It's very strong wire excelent for sculpting,sorry im not sure about jewelry use. It can withstand a lot of bending without breaking if that helps.
I would suggest you go to the hardware store or search on Amazon for wire cutters. Don't ruin a good pair of scissors. Breaking it would leave dangerous sharp edges.
I use this when making clay dolls that are baked. The armature is positioned after the clay is applied then baked. The clay is the supporting material not the aluminum armature. If you are going to use this for limb flexibility in a fabric decoration, my guess would be ounces. I don't think it will support anything with substantial weight. It is very flexible.
Yes. Ready to use.
They are great for all types, chalk, pastels, oil paint, charcoal even crayons :) you would need to attach a hanging bracket to hang on walls etc but easy to do! Hope this helped
When I measured the thickness of my canvas, it was 5/16", meaning slightly thicker than 1/8". The corners have the canvas folded over them, and are therefore slightly thicker, being 6/16". So in other words, the canvases are slightly thicker than 1/8" and less than 1/4".
I have not had a problem with the wet on wet. A couple have a little play in the canvas but can be pulled tighter. Hope this helps.
Depending on your painting. Some look good in a frame, some look great must hanging without a frame. You need to make that decision..I have done BOTH..
No. You will have to put the canvas panel in a frame.
It's not wrapped around a wood frame like you're typical canvas. I say it's the thickness of you're average piece of of cardboard.
I used these for a classroom of 2nd graders for an art project where we painted and used hot glue on them. They were perfect that that, so I am sure they would be perfect for your party
No I didn't apply tresor I just paint and that was all. I used this panels mostly when the paintings are going to be inside a frame. But I liked them and the price is right.
A small piece of ribbon hot glued to the back.
My wife says that they were great for oil paints
I think will be hard to cut the canvas unless you have the right tools but the edges will be damage. If you need small size better look for them that they sell them with good edge finish in different sizes. I never cut them. The size 9" by 12" is a nice size not to big or not to small. But they sell small size like post card or picture size in Amazon.
I think they are a great quality ive been using them for a while now and no one has complained they are you standard canvas panels at a great price. They have a bit of a rough texture which is great with oils or heavy body acrylic (what i use)
We use these as a Girl Scout project. They are flat like card board. I think they would look good.
There is no frame it is only a flat canvas. You can frame them after you are finished, or you can leave them, and paint the edges, and put a wire on the back. I think it is a great buy, I have them all over my walls.
I haven't noticed anything like that, it's very stiff.
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
The screen that is included is a 10x14 print area thats already streached on a wooden frame that measures 11x15 overallOk
It's meant to be. They even give you stuff to clean it. I got 2 uses out of it but it took a lot. Wasn't worth trying again
nope, you have to fill carefully by applying fluid to the screen and spreading from one side then the other using the red spreading tool.
It depends on how you plan to print. If you are going to use the emulsion or if you are doing the screen filler. I had to use the screen filler because I could never get the emulsion to work. I can fill 6 screens with the screen filler. As long as you clean the screen in between each print you should be able to do 12-15 with the one screen. If you have more than that to print you will want to clean the screen off and redo the image. The paint containers are small and require heat in order to set up and not wash out. It's way easier and cheaper to pick up fabric paint at your local craft store and use it with the kit instead of the speedball ink. Just let it dry over night.
You get red blue and black I would personally buy the opaque fabric paint for it to have a better look to it, but you could use it.
I believe so. I bought this for my daughter's Christmas gift and we haven't use it yet but I did do silkscreening as a kid and we used the same screens to print on fabric as well as paper. We used different ink for both materials.
i received blue black and red
110 mesh
You should have everything you need to make a print. I use an inkjet printer.
Yes, this item can be exported to Spain.
For laying the color i'm sure it is fine. For metal or wood, if you want it to last you must use the appropriate primer (Metal) or Bonder (Wood). It will only stick to a surface as well as it can bond to it. (I like my Martini, Shaken not Stirred). Anyway, I have just began to use it with an airbrush. It having such a broad range of colors, allows for simpler blends. Then I will use the stencil with the type of artwork I am using.
The opacity is good, when not mixed with water. Overall for the price I really like these paints. I used them to paint a rusty bird statue and it covered it nicely. The colors are great too. Just a note the tubes are only .74ounces, so if you want a really opaque painting you made need to go with larger tubes or their jars.
I would use a clear workable fixative as a final coat to seal.
Yes! Defiantly. I have used Liquitex paints for years. It is a brand to depend on for good quality and color.
Yes, it will work but the tubes are small. If you are making large paper mache I would look for larger amounts.
I've never used it on clay surfaces but I've used it on a variety of other surfaces. I'm pretty sure this would work really well on clay art. It's a very resilient paint; not too thick and definitely not too thin. It's got good bold colors.
Yes they are. Very good and easy.
Well, acrylic paint is like a rubber type of paint. Now there are many shower curtains that you don't want to get wet and they are in use. I suppose you could paint on it, but you would not want to have a pattern down were it usually gets wet a lot. You certainly can use it on a curtain that you place outside and it is for decoration and then have the thin clear inside panel. Seems like a lot of work in doing your art for this use which might not last. Also, inside of each tube there is not a lot of paint. This set is good for doing small pictures, but won't go very far. I don't think this is the set for you. The acrylic paint that is very rubbery is a bit expensive for what you probably need. Hope this lets you think a little, but I am guessing more if I was to want to do what you asked.
Dear Nolte, Thank you for your inquiry. I went to the Amazon website to place an order for this product, from Blick Art Materials. I did not have any problems entering an USA address for Billing & Shipping. I apologize for any inconvenience, looks like the issued has been resolved. Thank you, Karen S/Blick Art Materials
was sent as a present to my sis-in-law, but from what I saw, quite large....how large were you wanting it for???
Yes, I dont see why not, unless you want a horizontal surface.
Fully assembled and standing it is 60" tall, 28" wide at the base of the legs, and 42" deep at the base of the legs.
No, just 11x14. Also, when the back support is in the upright position, the drawer is uncovered.
It is a great easel for the money. Very stable. I think it would be even more stable at a lower height. Using in a sitting position.
Per the item details in the ad "Item Weight: 11.9 pounds "
Approx 20" in length 9" in width and 5" in height
Yes, it can be used outside, but like any easel it should be anchored securely for protection from the occasional wind gust. I made up a can that can hang from the side with wire to hold my brushes. Happy painting !
The total outside dimensions with the legs and holder is 6 1/2 by 16 by 22 inches. The size of the box is 4 1/2 by 13 1/4 by 19 1/2 inches.
empty w/o paints, brushes, etc. = @12lbs...
Yes. And they're very good quality. I have several sets of these paints, as well as separate tubes of different colors not sold in sets. They do range in opacity. Little tip, make sure you screw the caps on tightly otherwise the paints get a little cottage-cheese like. Also, after not using them for a while, the caps tend to stick so you have to muscle them off. Worth the effort though.
Yup!
yes it is.
The measurements are in inches, just double-checked the one I bought.
About the thickness of a sheet of paper
It's more like a mirror
No
yes, but one side has adhesive on it.
good
My daughter is the mascot for her school. I used this on plexiglass as part of a prop. We used the full size & only had to trim millimeters off the edges with a blade. It handled very well. The prop has been tossed around by teenagers in all kinds of elements and has held up beautifully. I'm not sure about how it would hold up outdoors long-term. I can say I tried many other products & was most pleased with this product. It was easy to apply, had a smoother finish than any other (no bubbles), & has a true mirror finish you can see yourself in. Hope that helps!
absolutely no.
This product is highly reflective. But, inasmuch as it is also flexible, it's more like a fun house mirror. I taped a section of it and fashioned it into a cylinder to use as a reflector for anamorphic drawings. Worked well for that purpose.
It is hard to secure the film in a way that is optically flat. The film transmits some small amount of light, therefore it may not be as relective as a good mirror. The adhesive side is less refective, as you might expect.
Well Cindy, that is something I haven't ever tried....give me a minute to run it through my Big Shot and I will let you know. How's that? DRUM ROLL....for dramatic effect!!! I used an embossing folder by Darice mainly for the style of design and it worked beautifully. I ran one piece through several times and it looks OK while having a slight curve in it like most paper or card stock. Then I ran a second piece through once then back to the starting position because it is easier to remove the folder from that position and it looks great too, without quite as much curve. The flower design is embossed in the plastic very well with no tearing or milky look around the edges, that I was concerned about. I chose this folder because the design has several sizes of daisy like flowers, some swirls formed from dots and also a couple tiny hearts. Besides the curve I can see no difference in the results. None of the designs in the folder caused a puncture in the plastic especially the dotted swirls. I believe you would be very happy with the Cuttlebug results too. So go for it...and by the way, thanks for asking, I love passing along information that I have learned so others can increase their knowledge and fun in their creativity. Don't forget you can stamp on this with a permanent ink too and color it. Have fun!
Grafix Dura-Lar .005 (5 mil) will work great to make gift box windows. It is the perfect thickness for such an application. The .003 (3mil) is a bit too thin, .007 (7 mil) is fine as well, but .010 (10 mil) is overkill. Your choice between .005 and .007 is a personal preference, either is sufficiently durable as a box window. Dura-Lar is an excellent product. Good luck.
I am sorry but we do not have a static cling film or even an adhesive backed film that is availble in a light grey color.
What a pretty project. I'm not sure it will stand up with the heat. You can give it a try. What's the worse that can happen?
No, this will melt.
There is a sheet of tissue paper between each sheet in the pad but no peel off protector.
I found this to be stiff, I was using it to make acetate covers for me greeting cards and it is very hard to even score to bend.
Yes
I would say that the .005 would be the minimum thickness if it were secured well on all sides, it still might have a wavy look. The .020 thickness would be the best choice for that application in my opinion.
The film bends easily.
No. It's the same on both sides, perfectly clear. I use Gallery Glass paints on them to make stained glass paintings that I put in my windows. It works wonderful for this as they adhere to the window beautifully and are easily removed. Good luck. This is a good product.
I used it in my espon stylus and it worked fine. Bill
Yes
It is strange that the Sharpie is smearing. Are you using a traditional, alcohol based Sharpie? Are you letting it dry before touching it? Are you trying to apply something over it? You might consider the Sakura Identi-Pen as an alternative. We have had good luck using it on this film.
What is a "colorless blender marker"?
I'm sure your silhouette can cut it but it's not as thick as the stencils you buy.
It can be creased but doesn't hold a fold by itself. I guess it would if it was inside a book or something. I hope that was helpful.
I have used stamping ink and it dries. I have never tried printer ink. Sorry I can't be of more assistance.
I shimmed it with a folded piece of paper and it worked fine.
I'm pretty sure that will work.
you need a new emulsion sheet every time you want a new design. if you are looking to make multiple prints of the same design, you do not need to change the emulsion sheet.
No.. I can be done with a sharpie also
The only concern is if the transparency is for ink jet or laser printers. If you are using a laser printer, be sure to get a transparency that is rated for laser printers. This is because the fuser in the laser printer will heat the transparency and toner and may MELT the transparency. For ink jet, the transparency type is also important so that it will capture the ink better. Ink jet transparencies are smooth on one side and somewhat rough on the other. The rough side is where the ink is deposited and absorbed. If you print on the wrong side, the ink will smear.
I don't believe it matters where the image is printed from. The image is copied with light onto a light sensitive sheet. Unfortunately I was never able to get past applying the imulsion sheet to the screen so i could transfer an image. I would not recommend this product.
No, it does not *automatically* print all spectrum of colors. If you want photo-quality, you will need to do a four-color printing process. Programs like Photoshop and Gimp will separate the colors and you would create a screen for each of the basic printing colors (Cyan, Magenta, Yellow, and Black). You would use each screen to print the next color. After all four colors are printed, you will have a photo-quality screen print.
It is smooth.
You can, it doesn't bleed through too much. But what I always do is slide a piece of printer paper under the page I'm writing on, just in case.
There is a sticker that comes off easily, but no logos; plain black front and back cover.
No
Bright white
It is all blank pages
Its is thicker then other books & I always put paper between my pages when copying my pages so no there are no marks left, This is a very nice book & good quality.
No
NO it does not have perforated sheets.
No.
I wouldn't use this for your purpose, this product is padding compound. It is used to make note pads typically, you cut out say 50 sheets of notepad paper (all the same size and shape, jog them in a jogger if you have it to get all the page edges even. Then take clamps to hold them together, Then along the top edge of the pages you paint one solid stipe of the padding compound and let it dry, Voila, you have a note pad from which you can tear one page at a time, or stick a magnet on the back and you've got a pad for grocery lists that you can put on the refrigerator. For your purpose I would use adhesive Spray Mount, and spray the whole sheet and stick it down on the cardstock. Now when you assemble your art journal you can use the padding compound to bind the page edges like a book, instead of painting it on the top edge, you'd paint what will become the spine of your book. Hope that helps.
It should. I use it to make estimate pads, etc. and it works very well. I don't see why it wouldn't work as long as all of the pages are held tightly together when you're applying it and while it is drying.
No it's pretty much permanent after it dries. Youight be able to get it to a gooey consistensy if you soaked the book or paper it is on in water
If you're talking about the 8oz bottle, yes it does......
Probably well. It works well in repairing damaged binding. You would of course have to have a delicate touch with your delicate dried flowers, but the adhesion should last.
I suppose it would depend on your application. Often people are looking for a padding adhesive when using NCR Paper which is not the intended purpose of this product. If however you're looking for a permanent type of binding or application then I don't see why this wouldn't work.
Its a flexible adhesive, exactly like you would find on pads of paper. It builds up thickness rapidly, stays flexible and will peel off if picked at. As the humidity rises, it becomes more flexible, not a stable adhesive for applying another coating or layer of material. If you are going to go to the time, effort, and expense of gilding, this is not the right thing.
I haven't used it on a 100% silk fabric. It is pretty thick, so I am only guessing that it would have to be put on very thin. Sorry I couldn't have been of more help.
I have not used it for that, but as that sounds like book binding I would say yes.
I'm not really sure, but I repaired about 30 books and had lots left over. By the way, it is an excellent product.
This set comes with the following markers: 0.03, 0.1, 0.3, and 0.7. Hope that helps!
Yes they do.
Yes they are replaceable. And it's very easy.
Black
The pens that were included were 0.03, 0.1, 0.3 and 0.7. I've heard of people getting the wrong set though. Set A should be these sizes. Hope this helps.
The drawing paper is white. Cover is black.
I haven't used markers very much so far with this sketch book but what I have used hasn't bled much. I could see it bleeding through if you were using a heavy amount. Hope that helps.
It is a hard cover. It's very sturdy and protects the pages very well.
160
Hi! Glad to be of help. The dimensions do not include the binding, and each page is perforated for easy tear-out.
The pages are blank.
I've only used pencil on mine.
Stonehenge is the brand name. It is a printmaking type of paper. It is popular among colored pencil artists. Hope this answer is helpful.
Yes it is! But beware the Stonehenge that comes spiral bound (available here on Amazon.com and is cheaper) is not the same quality as the larger sheets that you and I are used to buying. Hope this helps!
Prismacolor
250 gsm so maybe 166.7 pound, if I figured this correctly.
It appears to be a cellophane type. I ordered it as a gift for my adult daughter for Christmas.
The sheets are 5 7/8" (or 15cm) squares.
it is glossy.
red, pink, orange, green blue, yellow, purple, three of each.
I would not do watercolor but I did heavier washes of acrylic just fine- you need to gesso first as the pages are thin-not as thin as Moleskine but 1 layer of gesso and I mixed acrylics and matte medium and it was fine!
yes! it's just heavy so handle carefuly: not fragile book but don't toss or open-close roughly. mine opens each page all the way to the last.
You can use charcoal. Or anything. It works pretty nicely. Though it may smear on to another page. It won't bleed through.
The paper is of good quality but I would not recommend using fountain pen. I prefer a heavier smoother paper for that.
the paper is very thick, ive used it for various art projects, using many different types of ink, paint, pencel, and it has never bled through.
No the paper isn't textured but if you wanted to use a fountain pen it would bleed through. The paper is very thin and meant for sketching with graphite. I tried a fountian pen on it because I wanted to use it as a journal but ended up just using it as a sketch book. Still a huge book for the price!
The paper is of good stock but if you are a protectionist as I am I would not recommend this for fountain pens.
This item ships from Amazon warehouses. Please check shipping policies at Amazon.com
Should be good. I use it for sketching. The paper is good quality but it is what I would call heavyweight. The cover is good also but be aware that this is a big heavy book so corner protection can't hurt. If for some reason you drop it the corners would be damaged.
The book is entirely black with no writing. The one I received did not have a full dust jacket, rather it had a band that was removable.
It does not state anywhere on the packaging that they are non-toxic, so I would stay on the safe side and not buy them for kids.
Hi Kathleen. Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, these markers are only sold by the set. We do not offer open stock. I apologize for any inconvenience.
promarkers are made by Letraset and cost more, 100 ,markers is a pro art production.
I like the Pentel, Rose Art, Stabilo, and BIC markers. BIC has two sets of 36 fine point and ultra point. They are alcohol based with a slight smell and they do bleed through, but the colors are great and you can also put a piece of paper behind the picture to absorb the bleeding. Rose art has great color and might bleed and come in a 100 box. Pentels are nice but a little expensive as are BIC.
Since I don't know what heat set means, I'm going to assume they don't need to be. I didn't do anything special to them lol.
No, they don't smear at all and they don't bleed through paper. My daughter uses these all the time.
Negative, bullet tip. Not ideal for "fine" coloring or highlights.
No two colors are exactly the same.
No
My daughter used them on every possible surface, and they do work. I don't know if they are especially made for wood, I will look on line to see if there is a brand that is especially made for wood.
20 inches wide
Rebecca, this metal mesh should work for you. I have used it to mold strainer filters into delicate shapes and they held the shape after several washings.
I haven't tried burning this material, but I do think it will not hold up well with a direct flame. You probably need stainless steel for that.
Its about same thickness as a screen for a window
All aluminum non magnetic
The roll I got you can put your finger through it with no problem. It's for molding clay not anything sturdy. Very soft and. Flimsy.
this is very flimsy. will not hold anything. it will mold to the fruit. imagine an aluminum foil with double thickness.
No Coating its just a wire mesh. I used it to fill in spots on my motorcycle and then painted it. It is pretty thin but will form any way u want it to
Hi Sharon, with out knowing the project your planning to use the wire on I can not answer your question. I can say from my experience that this Stainless steel wire worked great when I was making odd shape filters. It held its shape after many handlings. ..........Ron
Hello Jean, Thank you for your interest in our products. This is a 10 foot roll. Regards, Cindy Blick Art Materials
,I tried it for you this morning. It will be in but it takes some effort. It will probably suffice for your needs.
My boards did not arrive damaged HOWEVER; the shipper should package them with styrofoam corners, in order to absorb any trauma caused by sh/hdl.
I used a box cutter. I had to score it multiple times to get through the entire board.
Hi Mrsxtal, I just measured some I recently purchased. It is about 1.5 16ths of an inch, or slightly more than 2mm. It feels very rigid for that thickness, and is pretty tough to cut with an exacto. Quite a bit easier with a rotary. It is NOT fully 1/8 inch like Elizabeth answers below.
Hi the thickness is .082 inches
4 Ultra fine point, 18 fine point and 2 (blue and black) retractable fine point.
Yes, I think they would bleed. My daughter uses them on paper.
Yes they are. It's a great set
No they will bleed; your lines will become blurred
I don't know but you can go to the Sharpie website.
Yes however, sharpie does make a tip smaller than this set
No like all sharpies they will bleed and blur
Medium tip.
it is foil with no paper,the foil is pretty thick,both sides have different colors
6 inches... Or to be more specific it is the standard 5" 7/8 inch origami paper.
The sheets of paper are about 6 inches X 6 inches and there are about 20 or more pages in the package. I am not entirely sure, it's been a while since I ordered my last set :)
Yes it rotates 360 degrees going left to right or right to left turn. I use mine a lot.
There's actually 3 different stands with the same picture posted, go figure. My recommendation would be to get the Master Floor Stand listed for $64 (the one you have pictured). That's about what I paid for mine.
Yes. The stand has a center pivot point that lets it turn 360 degrees - all the way around. You adjust the knob on that pivot point to keep it stationary, or let it turn.
Whilst I like my floor stand, which I bought for cross stitching, I find it can be a tad unsteady at times. Therefore, I feel that the floor stand would be too flimsy to hold a knitting loom steady while you worked.
Not sure what you are asking, but I'll try to describe the floor stand. The U shaped holder adjusts to different size frames - rectangular frames work best. The frame is held in place by two bolts on either side. I did have to drill holes in my frames to match. But the difference in use is incredible! I had the earlier model that held the frame at the top with a wooden clamp - my frames kept pulling out. Even with the bolts, I can flip to the back of the project with ease. I highly recommend this frame.
I use mine with the 11x17 q-snaps and they work great! Just check the side knobs periodically to make sure they haven't loosened. There is easy access to both front and back. Just a note, but you would need to use the 17 inch wide q-snaps minimum as the frame won't go down much smaller. I find that the 11x17 gives me the perfect working area
I don't think the images displayed that detail clearly enough to be able to make that distinction accurately.
I do not do latch-hook work so I don't know if this stand would work for that or not.
the width of the frame hold come out to 27 inches, if your frame is wider than that, it clearly won't be support by this one...:((( Good luck in finding what you need..
I would have to say yes as it is meant to use stretcher bars, hoops etc.
It's on one side only with the other side being white. It's a great set for small origami like cranes
This is beautiful paper but personally I would go for a smaller square for the earings.
Mine isn't cut unevenly, if yours is you should return it, they are supposed to be square.
I mean, if you want it to be "permanent, microwave safe, uv resistant and have remarkable resistance to dish washing and to normal detergents", then yeah, you have to bake it.
More like spray paint
Yes it would!
This product must be baked in an oven after applying. You need to use emamel paint on your trunk, which only needs to dry in air--not an oven
My daughter used it on a glazed ceramic cup and it worked great, it hasn't washed off, very much intact.
I've never tried. Sorry.
In my opinion there is no problem putting the porcelaine back in the oven after touch-ups. Just put the object in a cold oven and set temp and timer as usual. I let my paint sit for 24 hours before baking.
They are supposed to only be used to write things on porcelain not to paint the entire cup. My daughter used these for a wedding plate for newlyweds. I would say you could write on at least 4 to 5 cups depending on all that you write. I hope this helps.
The tip on this is very fine; however I would say it is probably slightly thicker than a ball point pen. You could probably achieve that thickness if you use the pen very lightly with small strokes.
Not that I know of. A kiln would be too hot for the paint.
Yep.
ah ha - the great question. the answer is "it depends on who you ask". i think truly it has not been tested for food safety, because if it had they would put it in big bold letters all over the place. it is non-toxic so it's probably safe, and the safest you'll find for painting and not glazing over top. definitely not meant to be cut on with a knife.
bottom tray is adjustable to 32"
Yes, it will hold 8.7 lbs. Just make sure it is well balanced and in a place where it is not easily bumped into.
Yes! Can adjust to extremely large canvas
I'm sorry I don't know as I gave this as a donation to a friend of mine's kid's school. I am thinking to maybe glue a little piece of rubber to the bottom of the leg. Just a thought.
No. It can only hold stuff less than 2 inches.
You can adjust it to fit a tabletop but I wouldn't recommend it. I use a smaller wooden easel for the table.
No, it doesn't, I don't think its meant for such a fluid medium.
Which part are you missing? I managed to lose one of the bolts that hold the "canvas holders" in place. My hubby went to the hardware store and found one that would work, but it took a bit of detective work to find something that would fit. Best of luck to you. It's a wonderful easel.
We use to put a hold up a large white board. I can handle the weight, but the white board is taller than the stand. I have to hook something on to it to keep the white board on.
No it is not
If you have a sculpture that has any height or thinness in area I recommend using something inside the structure to support it like wire or crush aluminum foil to help it hold its shape. Here are some directions from the website: "If an object has a variance in thicknesses, an armature should be shaped in order to "bulk out" the thick parts - tightly crushed heavyweight aluminum foil is the best material to use. Cover form with a 1/4" thick layer of clay. Bake for 15 minutes at 275F (135C). Add a second 1/4" thick complete layer (like a skin), which can be built up slightly to show contours. Re-bake for 15 minutes at 275F (135C). Then, apply a third complete layer, adding finishing details, and re-bake for a final 15 minutes. Try to keep all parts of the sculpture of an even thickness of clay. Layering the clay is the best method to avoid cracking and maintain even thickness in a medium or large sculpture. Over baking will cause hardening of the clay, and burning can cause bubbling and cracking."
Yes, but if it's their first time using polymer clay, I would suggest trying the Sculpey III variety. It's easier to mold and comes in smaller/cheaper packages, and multiple colors.
- Bake at 275*F (130*C), 15 minutes per 1/4in (6mm) I've also baked sculptures in iterations; completing a small portion, then baking for a shorter time at a lower temp to harden it just enough so I don't accidentally scratch or mush it. Soft sculpey will still bond to baked sculpey, so you can experiment with this for a "build-up" approach to sculpting, and many other uses. Something to keep in mind before baking: Anything thicker than 1/2in (12mm) should be bulked out with foil and/or armature wire, or the interior may not bake through. Personally, I have never had an issue with thicker pieces. Tiny little details are another issue though. I do a lot of mini-sculpts (10" figures), and I have burned many small noses, fingers, ears, hair, pointy bits, and more. I started adding tiny bits after I'd baked the bulkier mass to help prevent this from happening, and it works fine. - What kind of paint? I've always used acrylic or gouache paint on sculpey, and it works great.
You can add an amount of sculpy on your plastic action figure and bake it at a low temperature I would say about 250 F for about 35 minutes depending the amount of sculpy your adding.
I have no other clay to compare it to, but I have to say that it is dry as received.
To be honest, I've never tried to repair any pottery or ceramic items. However, instinct tells me that it probably wouldn't work that well. If I were you, I'd STICK to using 'super-glue'. Pardon the pun.
Honestyly, I don't know but what I do know is it is incredible , works well, hardens very well and is beautiful
Once it's been baked, it should hold up fine to melted wax without changing shape.
I've bought these Sculpey boxes at Michaels, Walmart, and Blick's besides online and they never come wrapped or pristine. I can't say whether boxes I've ordered online have finger marks but in stores they often do. If it's just one or two I'd say they were just checking it wasn't dried out before sending it. Personally, I find it normal and as long as it wasn't dry and crumbly or missing clay I wouldn't worry.
After it's baked let it cool then you can paint it with enamal paint. Not all clear sprays are safe to use. Clear sculpy is good; you have to brush it on.
No, nothing adjustable. This is really meant for setting on a table, pretty much directly in front of you. Thanks for the question.
16x20 is about it I think, because the easel isn't very tall.
No problem. This will hold your sign very well.
Unless the board is unusually heavy, it should be able to; I am using an 24x18" board myself and it works well.
it depend on the size,Will hold boards to 20-inch by 24-inch
I'm using it with a 17 X 23 whiteboard and it works very well. So, you should be fine with your poster frame.
It depends on the size of the poster board. But it would work for displaying a poster board.
It does not say in the box but I've painted up to a 16x20 canvas on it.
No clip at top , it just leans
No, the biggest it will hold is 16x20
Glass is a hard, brittle, noncrystalline, more or less transparent substance produced by fusion, usually consisting of mutually dissolved silica and silicates that also contain soda and lime, as in the ordinary variety used for windows and bottles.
You might just want to make sure you have 3.......that should be fine. Hope that helps
not very well, sharpies are too permanent
It transfers colors! I used the pen to transfer logos onto wooden nickels. (Just make sure it's laser printed and not an ink jet printer.) you can also use xylene (got mine at lowes) if you're going to do mass amounts. The pen did about 75 wooden nickels for me. Whereas the xylene did 100 front and back with about 1/4c.
No it will not work. Of course it depends on the tile. But if it is a ceramic tile or a marble with a slick smooth surface it will actually just wipe off like using a crayola marker. It would need some texture or some sort of porous surface.
Yes.....I made photo copies of pictures and then transferred them onto a picture frame mats....worked awsome. Hopefully that helps :)
No on the inkget . . . I find with any transfer methods that Laser is the only way to go
Only one. These blender pens work the best. Other pens I have bought do not blend the ink I use.
Product Dimensions: 6.2 x 3 x 6.2 inches
6-1/8in according to the description
They are thicker then card stock and felt sheets. About the same thickness as a card board box. But much more flexible.
No. It require's boiling temps to really melt. I still wouldn't recommend leaving it in such a hot place, but from my experience with hot temps like that, it doesn't melt.
It is non-toxic according to the labeling, so sure, 100% ok as far as what is listed. Also, if you want a non-toxic filler that is cheaper, also use or mix this with different areas using a hot glue gun and a cheap pack of home depot or loews hot glue gun sticks, making sure they are the right diameter to fit in the gun.
Yes. It can be used to make cosplay and costume armor, but 4 oz is hardly enough to make a whole arm. Depending on the design, you might be able to do that with about 16oz. Personally I would suggest 32oz.
It becomes white again.
Around a 100/120. It's like scrabble, some of the letters come in a larger amount - I guess it's based on how commonly used letters are.
Inch and a half
There is definitely purple included in the box. I'd say the blue is more of a light blue then turquoise.
Upper case but we found that not all highly used letters were duplicated enough
No, inside is an empty open cylinder. There's no container that'll crack
Thank you for your interest in our products. Standard shipping within the US takes about 5-7 business days. Rush shipping is about 3-4 business days.
Thank you for your interest in our products. Unfortunately we do not ship to Singapore at this time. We apologize for the inconvenience.
To set your own password is relatively simple. First, you need to set the correct letter sequence or password. Once you have the Cryptex opened all you need to do is figure out what password you want to have, make sure it is the allotted letter amount/length and then set your new password. To do this you simply change the letter dials to line up correctly, while the Cryptex is opened, with the password you want. Note: You'll notice when the Cryptex is opened there is a slot cut out of the inside chamber. This allows for any combination of letters to be made into a password once the "locking" piece is inserted into the Cryptex opening. Beware, it would be wise to write the password down before you put the two pieces together so as to make sure you don't accidentally create the wrong pass code. Like I said, once the two pieces are disjointed from each other all you do is adjust the white letter dials to the correct letter sequence you desire to be your pass code. Mine isn't a word. Just a random sequence of letters that doesn't mean anything.
This is a beginners airbrush. Not very well made, but EXCELLENT for learning airbrush. I would not use this to spray a car as it is not a HEAVY DUTY spray gun, which to spray a car evenly and smoothly, would demand.
I would say yes. I use it at 25 PSI and it works just fine. so if your compressor can do the 25 PSI consistently then you are fine. It all really depends what you are going to use it for and for how long.
Yes
yes
Swaping colors is the same as with any top feed you have to empty unused paint into some other container but after that its just a matter of spraying some cleaner through the gun and loading new color. Hope this helps.
Yes u can
Well, I didn't count, but there are a lot!
They're about an inch long. If you're purchasing them for a race bib these are great.
Yes, as long as the head can be pinched shut. I use them for watches.
There are 22 per package. Nor sure where you saw 12. I will see if I can change it but only see 12 inches not pieces Thanks
Not this particular size as they would break very easy. Perhaps one of the wider diameters would work well.
The exact number is 22 according to the package.
Sorry, don't remember, maybe around 20?
12 per pkg
I can't give you a definitive "no," but I can say I wouldn't chance it. First, I wouldn't imagine you'd have a good chance of getting a uniform color (assuming that's what you'd be looking for). Front-loading washers typically use significantly less water, and obviously, they do not allow clothing to sit in a bath of water. Second, since I believe the only way you'd likely get any sort of quasi-even dye distribution would be to pour the dye into the detergent slot, I'd be concerned with the difficulty of fully removing the dye from the mechanism thereafter. I can say that I have a front-loading washer and I opted for a large pail of hot water in my bathtub. It made for easy clean up and it allowed me to monitor the dying process to ensure I had achieved the color I was looking for. Hope this helps.
Very green. Like a peacock green
Yes. I always dye in a large plastic bucket. I don't know if the dye stays as well doing it this way but I only use my washing machine when the dye job is complete and the fabric has been well processed and rinsed. I have been dying clothes this way for years. And yes, the colors fade a bit with each wash.
In my case the answer is yes, it did bleed when it got wet in the washer. I have not washed this item since so I don't know if it continues to bleed after the first wash.
I dyed a white cloth (cover for my Kitchen Aid stand mixer). I did not use the entire bottle and dyed it in a plastic sink tub as opposed to a washing machine. It ended up a light blue. I guess it would depend on the size of what you are planning to dye ans what method you use. Hope this helps.
I'm an artist and mixed aquamarine and teal--it was OK but not a true turquoise, but darker. The teal if done light almost IS turquoise.
The bottle states 2 pounds but teal is a very strong color and you can dye much more than 2 pounds, especially if some of the items are polyester as the polyester does not soak up the dye like cotton, rayon, silk or other fabrics will.
No
Not this one, you may want to go look at Walmart. The Walmart in my town had some by the laundry detergent and there was a green. Maybe if you mixed a little black??
You didn't say "Suede" WHAT? Obviously anything that cannot be laundered in water cannot be dyed in a normal fashion. If you are talking about shoes or a purse, that would be different. You would need to paint or dab the dye onto the leather (probably several times allowing it to dry a day or two in-between). BUT, if it is real suede, it is skin and skin from different parts of an animal's body had different properties / densities. If you see a whole skin you would easily see what I mean. I am guessing that if you have something made of pieces of suede, that different sections could be cut from different parts of the skin - or may be cut from an area where the skin changes in density right through the section, etc. Having said that, I would not try to dye a suede item unless you are prepared to accept "splotchiness" where the density of the color may vary after dying. Other than the things I have mentioned, I personally WOULD try to dye a suede purse or shoes if that would re-purpose the item rather than you discarding discard it. NOTE: I am currently dying areas of a very expensive black leather purse I found at GoodWill that had areas where the "blackness" was worn away to a tan color. I was dabbing the dye onto those area, but I am now going to use some very, very fine steel wool to "break" the finish of the leather a bit so that the die will soak in better than it has been doing. Thereafter I plan to buff and buff and buff the purse to make sure that none of the dye will rub off on my clothing and thereafter I will use wax to seal it. With suede you cannot buff it or you might destroy the surface and make it shiny. I do think that you could test the dyed suede by using a very stiff bristled brush (not steel bristles) wrapped with flannel so that you have some bumpiness to the surface of the brush but so that you also have some fabric that could reveal whether the dye is transferable or not. In any event, I would let the item dry for several weeks in room air (don't force dry it with a hair dryer, etc.). If some areas are stiff (and this is true of any leather that has gotten wet and stiffened) you can knead it with your hands - also rolling it and pulling it on straight angles and then on diagonal angles. I know that this sounds like a lot of work - so you have to take that into consideration too. And obviously, you can only dye darker than the existing color of the suede. Good Luck!
It is like gamsol brush cleaner or turpenoid.
Yes indeed...works pretty good!
Yeah you can
Yes.
I vaguely remember using some mineral oil to clean my brushes some years ago but I'm not certain what it was (if it even was linseed oil). The product work very well, i have some in a mason jar mix with water (it has a very strong smell) in it. I also have this metal grate-like thingy to help clean it. I'd certainly say it's worth the price though, hope this helps
Hi. It can, but probably not recommended. It might feel a little weird - oily, in fact, as it is slow to evaporate. For hand cleaning purposes, if one needs a solvent, the traditional lacquer thinner is more effective, and more cost effective. I would recommend a prompt followup after using solvents for hand-cleaning, with a final washing with soap and water, and you should be tidy and good to go.
I've used it for both hinging mat to mat and print to mat as per the description.
Due to the nature of this product there is no transparent version. However, Lineco does make clear archival mounting strips: B000KNNIQU.
Hello P and R! The Linenco Self Adhesive Linen Tape might work for the application you noted in your question. The tape is flexible, strong and creates a permanent binding. I believe that it's flexible enough for the accordion blind but it will depend on how heavy or thick the fabric is that was used to make the blind itself. I use this tape when mounting photographs and it works great for that application. It's definitely worth the try.
I would say that this tape will help with the Diploma mounting. Certainly you could put a strip down three or all four sides and while it does not have high stick factor, in other words, it's easily removable and you can move it around fairly easily, the fact that you can place this tape on all sides of the Diploma if need be and it should hold it in place quite nicely.
The drying could have a negative impact on the performance of the adhesive even if you get it back to a more fluid consistency, so we don't recommend trying to rejuvenate it.
I would think so depending on the thickness and weight. I wouldn't expect it to hold on an Enc. Brit., but smaller paperbacks should be fine.
Yes. This tape attaches a photo to the matte. You attach it in 1 spot - the top - to create a "hinge" so that the photo can expand and contract independently of the matte. You can find a video showing you how to do it if you search the web.
Yes.
I am not qualified to answer this question since I don't know about the interaction between any oil on the back of the canvas and the sticking power of this tape. My guess would be that it might not be a good application because the sticky back of this tape is quite forgiving - i.e. I used it to place wedding cards in an album so you could flip them and see the back side. I was able to reposition some cards several times without tearing paper. I have some "canvas" printer paper that is much sturdier and that might give you the stability you need with an adhesive of your choice ( to create a patch of sorts).
It just peels off. You sort of have to start at a corner or edge and use your fingernail to "start" it enough that you can grasp the backing and peel it off.
To use the sketchpad? No! It's pretty simple paper, it's not like tissue thin or anything so it's a great sketchbook to use if you're just learning to draw- you can use front and back if you mess up, and it's not so expensive that you'd feel like you're wasting while you're trying to learn.
Pens and ink do not; I can even do light washes and it doesn't bleed. Markers (prismacolor/sharpie) will bleed a lot, sometimes through multiple pages.
No it's just a sketch pad no pictures in it.
No they do not. Graphite, charcoal, pen and ink, pastel and conte crayon are fine to use on it. You can go to Strathmore.com for a chart of the different mediums to use on their various papers. Hope this helps! God Bless.
No, some of my pencils marks bleed through. Watercolors would go right through the pages.
A marker did not bleed when I used it on this paper. I was able to make thin lines and fat lines with no bleeding.
Yes, a big improvement on older versions of this sketchbook is that the pages are perforated.
Cream/white. Not stark and not too warm. Like regular high quality sketch paper is
The tooth is referring to the texture. It is a nice fine texture that does well with ink, charcoal and pencil. It is just rough enough to give it a great surface to sketch and blend but also do fine line drawing.
The Sketch 400 is fairly smooth. I think watercolor and acrylic may be rougher. Good weight in the 400 sketch though. I have had other papers that were not nearly as good.
This is really just a very gentle soap, unlike, say, Dawn dishwashing type detergent. I put a little in the palm of my hand and then place the bristles and ferrule of the brush into it and work it around gently. After cleaning and rinsing so water runs clear of paint and soap, I put a little more of a soap/water mixture on the bristles (wiping off excess) and put brushes away as usual. This sort of conditions the bristles for when you use them next. Swish 'em in water first again, and you're ready to paint!
Absolutely!
Would depend on use of brushes etc.. Great for someone "playing" - . Finding , for me - need of stronger cleaners . Then I'm painting "a lot"... It's ok ..Good luck ..
It should - it cleans oil paints
So sorry, I don't know all the properties of the product. Fortunately I have never been caught with makeup on my white shirts (good reason not to wear white shirts). An ultrasonic cleaner (they are inexpensive) or toothpaste are both good for cleaning jewelry. I suspect you would find this product too mild to do much more than detergent or the various liquid soap products for that purpose. I would not look to this as a "miracle" product, though other responders may find that is so. Good luck!
The legs take up quite a bit of room.....I'll say roughly 2 ft wide between the front legs and about 3 to 3 1/2 ft deep (front to back). This is a rough estimate since I'm not at home to measure it. I suppose you can break it down after each use, if you have limited space.
The legs fold up. In fact, the whole thing folds into a handy carrying case. One of the configurations comes ready to use as a table top. In fact, it's shipped that way. You can take the legs off if you want, but it's designed to collapse so that you don't have to.
It's adjustable. You can use pretty much any size canvas.
No, it's just the easel.
Yes. I would. Although there is a wooden palatte u could use as a board for smaller sheets.
Hard to put up - legs don't come in easily- everything falls off and damages paint and paintings- DONT BUY
Flat is 10" x 7", and folded is 5" by 7".
I wouldn't put these through the printer. Texture may not take ink evenly due to nooks and crannies. Fab for watercolors or brush pens.
The paper weight is 140 Perfect for watercolor.
Yes they came with envelopes, same color and type of paper.
The one that I bought came with envelopes. If you look at a close up of the box in the upper left corner it shows the cards & the envelopes.
it is more ivory than standard printer paper, but just as white as the white Lettra envelopes I have. I would say also the cards themselves are more ivory-shade than the envelopes. So, compared to white printer paper, they look ivory. I hope that isn't confusing. :)
I think so, the paper is really thick and good quality
no but it is nice paper and a good weight...the cards are really great, I like using watercolor pencils on them with some ink really great hand painted cards for any purpose
These are 5 x 7 inches.
The Grafix Company does manufacture this film in the 8.5" x 11" size, as a package of 100 sheets (not as a pad,) under their item number K05DM0811. It is an item that can possibly be special ordered from Blick Art Materials, and may be readily available from other retailers. It is recommended that you contact the Grafix Company (1 800-447-2349) to ensure that this film will be suitable for your specific purpose.
Sorry but i have not tried to transfer to any other thing. I use it with colored pencils.
I printed mine on a normal laser printer. Just don't forget to reverse the image in the Printer Setup on your computer.
yes, notecards have texture, envelopes do not
They come in the box flat, but there is a fold crease on them as well. I have enjoyed using them
same thing.
Oh yes, in fact this is my favorite type of paper to use with acrylics. I did need to let the paint dry and then place heavy books on the cards to train them flat, otherwise you'll get some curling. But these are good quality and can handle any paint.
Yes
No, they are watercolor paper cut as a card to paint on not insert photos (unless you glue the photo to the card)
They are cold press.
You should depending on your printer setup
The paper envelopes are not as thick as the paper cards; not "watercolor" paper so water might seep through. Would not recommend for water color application.
Absolutely! I glue thin, magazine paper to them with regular gluesticks. For a photo, you may want a slightly stronger glue, but it should work beautifully.
The product is most certainly NOT for a professional painter. This works for someone never painted before/ just started. Also do not use it for oil paint Even though it says one can use it for both. Additionally, if you like to buy for a starter buy it from Michel"s store it only cost $9.99.
There are 24 brushes in the pouch. Six of the slots could easily hold fountain pens and another eight slots could accommodate ball point pens. The remaining slots are to small.
Yes these are long handle brushes
Yes, the whole package was made in China.
they were a gift for my grandson and he loved them
I wouldn't see why not. They are made for different paints and make they finished product look great.
There are 2 types.....the ones with the black handles are nylon I think and the ones with the light handles are natural (I think)
There is a No. 8 but no No. 1 and 5 brushes. This set only has even numbers sorry.
Yes
You have to call customer service for the specifics.
The ArtBin Double Deep 4 sides all slope in slightly toward the bottom of container. The front is indented so the handle lays flat, and the back has 2 molded plastic protrusions that serve as feet that do not go to the bottom of the container, when container is placed on end with handle at top (as if you were carrying it by the handle). The inside of the container has 3 molded tracks (1/8" high) from one side across the bottom and up the other side to hold supplied dividers. OUTSIDE-LID: 14-1/8" side to side x 15" front to back (not including protruding hinge of 1/8" on back of lid). OUTSIDE-FRONT & BACK TOP BELOW LID: 13-1/2" side to side OUTSIDE-FRONT & BACK BOTTOM: 13-1/8" side to side OUTSIDE-FRONT & BACK: 6-1/4" top (including lid) to bottom OUTSIDE-LEFT & RIGHT SIDES TOP BELOW LID: 14-1/8" side to side (not including protruding feet of 3/4" OUTSIDE-LEFT & RIGHT SIDES BOTTOM: 13-3/4" side to side INSIDE DEPTH: 6" (less 1/8" for molded track to hold dividers) INSIDE WIDTH-TOP SIDE TO SIDE: 13-5/16" (less 1/8" x 2 for molded track to hold dividers) INSIDE WIDTH-BOTTOM SIDE TO SIDE: 12-3/4" (less 1/8" x 2 for molded track to hold dividers) INSIDE-TOP FRONT TO BACK USABLE SPACE: 13-11/16" INSIDE-BOTTOM FRONT TO BACK USABLE SPACE: 12-5/8" Hope this helps. I tried to be as exact as possible.
yes, as someone else answered..inside is 6 inches...just measured it.
The dividers in the satchel are tall as the box, so items won't mix. The dividers are so tall, if you don't snap them perfectly, you will have trouble closing the lid. It should work for this. My daughter uses hers as a seed package box.
The ArtBin satchel is great. It does snap tightly shut and I have not had any problems with it opening will in transit or storing. I use mine for quilting and I am very pleased with this product. I will order again when I need another one.
Sorry but the answer is no. The most you can get is two long compartments.
Outside measurements: approx. 14 1/2 x 14 1/2". There are protrusions on the back added into this measurement. It is 6 1/2" tall. Inside it measures 13" x 13 1/4" and this is from the inside protrusions and inside sliders that hold the plastic divider pieces. Hope this helps.
The bottom is flat. The center divider is six inches from each side. The rest of the dividers are four inch divisions, one of sixteen, four and twelve, four of four or eight and eight on either side of the center.
This box will accommodate the 5x7 folders standing on their sides (making them 5" high) either front to back or side to side. The only thing that would stop me from using this box to hold pictures, cards, etc. is that because of the 1/8" divider tracks, the inside bottom and sides are not completely flat. This would cause bending/indentations on the bottom of the pictures that happen to be on top of the divider track.
I think the artbin container is too small for your cones. It has interior ridges to hold the dividerd that makes the interior height a max of 6 inches or a tiny bit under. You might want to buy the thread tray as a separate item, though. It is very capacious. For a larger bin with a similar snap lid, try looking at the Sterilite large bins. (I typed in art bin in the search block and then clicked on "large bins" in the left hand margin to find these.) Good luck!
I would not.
No the extra fine tip is just one pen.
Nope. It's a felt-tip.
Not the paper i have used, planners, mixed media, Bristol water color paper. They are great. They are ink.
I don't know how to answer this except that the pen creates a very fine line. In mm, I don't know.
1 inch
I ordered one pen. I did not purchase a set.
You might be able to fit it in diagonally. But horizontally I don't think so
yes, but my box had a smell to it which went after a while
Yes it does. Its very good for arts and crafts. Hope that helps.
I don't think so. This is basically carbon paper meant for paper crafts. There's probably baking specific products out there. Good luck!
I haven't tried it yet as I am just ordering it...but the packaging says it does. :)
I have never done that. I think it would work with white transfer paper, though. Why not just try it? I use many kinds & colors of transfer paper for many different projects.
Ifyou are asking if there is a border around the paper, the answer is no. Otherwise please clarify your question.
you don't need to purchase a stone, it comes in the set (it's that gray thing on top of the package in the pictures). pull them across the stone (the opposite motion of carving) with the angled side down. So with the NIJI on the handle pointed down. keep doing so until you have it about as sharp as you like. then for flat blades flip and lightly pull once or twice across the other side of the blade to remove any small burrs, and you're good to go. Curved/circular blades (U-Gouges) you drag through the groove on the other side of the stone. Triangular blades (V-Gouges) you can sharpen on the flat side of the stone, and burr them on the corner of the long side of the stone.
I would have to say yes on balsa wood.just do not put to hard on the handle
each tool is about 5.5 inches in length they are for small precision work. not a tool to be heavy handed with.
Actually the tip broke off the first time I used this set. This set is not made well at all. Hope this helps.
Hi there. While I can't compare them, I have had my Curvey for most two years now and love it! I have sewn many quilts with mine!
Yes
no
The SINGER 8763 Curvy computerized sewing machine is capable of sewing heavier fabrics such as denim, canvas, twill, duck cloth, etc. It is recommended that you also use a needle that is designed for sewing heavier fabrics, such as a SINGER needle size 16, or possibly size 18, depending on the weight or thickness of the fabric being sewn. The instruction manual also includes a Needle/Fabric/Thread recommendation chart for your convenience.
here's a link to all of the accessories available for the 8763 http://singersewingmachine.com/store/search.aspx?SearchTerms=8763
Yes, it's very easy to remove. There's a little storage box in there for attachments.
Probably. It is a standard size sewing machine.
No
Brigadir, Thank you for your email. They are not for 220 power voltage. Sincerely, Gerrie
The SINGER 8763 Curvy sewing machine does not come with a " quilting foot. However, a SINGER Quarter Inch Piecing Snap-on Presser Foot is available for purchase on Amazon.
They are paper and they are pretty small.
Based on the label on the backside, all but Ivory Coast are in the pack.
Each sticker is 1 inch x 1.5 inches
There are 120 flags, but they are much smaller than what I thought they would be.
I believe they were 1"x1" perfect for kids passport activity
About 1 in by 1.2 inches.
Depends on what you're trying to stick them onto. I've used them for scrapbooking projects and on skin. Both work well! If using on skin, apply to clean dry skin.
I would go with studs. These are really meant more for paper or hard, flat surfaces.
Individual adhesive per GEM, time consuming, but look super cute!
Its nearly impossible to take the paper off in the back to expose the glue. If you want to use these u need a hot glue gun to glue them onto whatever u need in this care your shoes.
It is not too big but I don't this the adhesive will stick to skin very well. It is on a long sticky strip and you have to "cut" it piece by piece.
I think it might b ok for just the wedding day, I don't think they'll last long term. I would do the heat set/ hot fix jewels for better adhesion. And avoid the inner parts of ur shoes where ur feet might hit the other shoe when u walk. Happy wedding planning!!
The product description says 5mm.
Yes, it is.
Not sure if Amazon can do that or not, but you may want to have the box. As a giant roll of canvas, the box protects the material from damage, tweaked ends and dirt. It does come wrapped in a light plastic "bag" but I am not sure it's durable enough. They have greatly reduced the size of the box by several inches. I know this does not directly answer your question, but maybe something to consider.
yes. Mine came primed. It should say in the description. Just to confirm.
I truly am not able to answer in ounces, but it is not a flimsy canvas. I find it comparable to a Fredericks pre-stretched canvas that can be purchased at Hobby Lobby etc. I use the roll in 8 foot sections to paint backdrops for my photographic rental-studio. I did not stretch the canvas, simply painted it while tacked to the wall. I have taken them down, rolled them, and rehung the canvases several time without any problem. I hope that helps.
The Canvas is 7oz. Which is equivalent to about a #14 duck. As far as artist canvas goes, its on the thin side. Probably best for small works, as it may be too thin to reliably stretching it large scale.
Sorry I do not know the exact weight of the canvas. I can tell you I am very happy with it. It is a heavy duty product, and I believe it will suit your needs just fine.
Yes, it comes rolled. It is heavy enough where it will flatten itself out quickly.
It was a gift for my daughter. She says she has but it is hard astuc.
I think it is only inches. Tomorrow morning I will look and confirm.
The ruler marks measure 46 1/2 x 34 1/2. The mat itself measures 47 1/8 x 35 3/8. It is a very nice cutting mat, I use mine quite often.
Yes it has a support wing that folds out to give it support, but the cabinet door would have to be closed or it would be in your way.
Marjorie...feel free to click on our name in order to purchase it...yes, you can definitely order the cabinet without an extension...thanks!
Hi Suzanne, Here is the image link of the product when it is closed, http://www.clickhere2shoporders.com/img/arrow/98701.jpg David
Carol Byrnes, The Arrow Bertha ships RTA, meaning ready-to-assemble. You have to assemble it yourself. Thank you,
I don't think so but you might want to contact seller to be sure.
Yes
If I recall..the assembly was not difficult
No.
Thank you for your inquiry. Yes, we make custom inserts. Please contact us at cs at clickhere2shop dot com for further assistance.
Yes, you certainly can. You can purchase them at http://www.amazon.com/Arrow-ARR-9801DL3-1-Custom-Insert/dp/B00947MWRE/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A2RP4VCLOBWX64 . Once purchased, simply let us know which sewing machine you have, so the insert can be cut accordingly.
yes.
I have ordered two, one was as pictured and the other was orange and brown. Hope that helps.
Mine was fine. No rough spots that I know of.
No it doesn't come with anything other than itself.
One wreath.
1
I ordered and was only sent 1. I promptly returned.
I ended up getting a dozen.
Just one wreath - found the same wreath later in a craft store for 2.99.
12
Yes, I used this to make armor for some costumes. I used an iron to do it (place the foam between some newspaper on both sides for 10-15 seconds and shape how you want) it holds its shape pretty well
they are all 1/8th of an inch
It can be heated. I used it to make craft foam armor for cosplay. A really easy way is put the foam between 2 sheets on newspaper and run an iron over it for 10-15 seconds the foam should be bendable and once that's done it holds it's shape really well.
I've left good indents into the foam. Its pretty thin and if you want it to last for a long time this might work. I would suggest glue two layers together and carve into both. I use it to make cosplay armor and you can easily use a ball-point pen to dig into the foam
They are not stickers. Its foam sheets. :-)
Most likely they are, but I'm not really sure.
I've never tried spray painting these foam sheets but I know that there are paints made specifically for use on foam products so I would probably say "yes, you can".
Probably but it could depend on the amount of detail and type of punch.
Yes sharpies
As many as package indicates. It's well worth it. You'll not find for less elsewhere
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
No
Just one....it has 10 wells to fill the paint.
I don't have it in front of me to measure it but yes they are plenty wide enough for a man's fingers to get into.
165mm or 6.5 inches
I'm curious as to why you would ask such a question. However I am sure that is none of my business. More relevently, they each hold something like a tablespoon.
The size it's about 6 or 7 inches Long and about 4 or 5 inches wide. It's a pretty decent size. Hope this helps.
yes, my mom is a leftie and she really likes these. She really likes that they are sturdy.
No this tray does not come with lid. This is however small enough to easily cover (if necessary) with a piece of plastic wrap or foil.
one
Its perfectly sized for little hands. About the size of a medium sized plastic plate. No more than 10 inches long.
Yes , you could use for oil or acrylic , they are very shallow and does not hold large quantity .......pretty standard for palette seprators
Yes - they already have glue on them - you heat them up and then attach! We used them on bob shoes!
Yes and machine washing too!
Look at the product info and it will show you a picture of the exact size. If u need to be precise here is a link, hope it helps. http://www.firemountaingems.com/encyclobeadia/beading_resources.asp?docid=8248
Yes, any rhinestone that says hot fix on the package or in the description can be used with an applicator wand.
The label on the package states: Swarovski Elements."
The 20ss is the measurement, which is metric, it is not quite 1/4" diameter. Hope that helps.
Yes. We have alot customers purchase hotfix on accident and you can use the Gem Tac or the E6000 glue on them. Thank you TamisPlace
I don't recommend these. They don't apply well with my hot fix gun. I bought some at a local bead store and they stay on wash after wash. These don't. I returned them.
I would try it on a cheap veil first. I imagine that if you use the E6000 glue with them it may work. However, I say trial and error on a practice veil.
They don't come glued. I used E6000 glue and it works really well on everything. The "hot fix" part is the back of the stone which is made in a way that once the glue makes contact it allows for it to fix it's self really strong.
What this machine does is soften the clay before working, it saves you time of hand kneading. Then you form the pieces and you should dry them as specified by the manufacturer of the clay (dry air or baked). This machine makes the same as your hands, but with less effort.
Hello. Other than inserting the handle into the hole, it comes put together.
Not heavy at all but it's pretty much worthless for conditions clay. Wish I could return mine but I opened it and tried using it. Stuck with it now.
No I have not used with gumpaste
The roller opening is 5 1/2". That is as wide as you can roll your clay
Mine does that same thing. It was a waste of money.
You have to select free shipping at checkout, an option if you purchase at least $35 worth of amazon products.
It is painted a light yellow with fuzzy orange stripes. I would prefer natural wood but the paint job is very nicely done.
The egg is a little larger than an extra large size chicken egg, but much heavier
No, the darning egg has no handle. Only the darning mushroom has a handle.
If you go to brother-usa.com and put in brother cs6000i, it will give you a list of accessory pressure feet that fit your machine. The sa133 blind stitch foot is listed.
Horizontal is for hemming pants. Vertical can have the needle position in left or right. Horizontal is only left needle position. Also horizontal has a seam guide.
Don't think so
Sorry I really don't know.
I put this into Google "treadle sewing machine cabinets for sale" and got lots of cabinets. I don't know if they are compatible with the new machines, but there is a Yahoo group called Wefixit &lt;http://dir.groups.yahoo.com/group/wefixit/?v=1&t=directory&ch=web&pub=groups&sec=dir&slk=1&gt; and there are many retired sewing machine guys there that could answer your question as to whether the old cabinet would work with the new machine. I'm guessing the shipping for the cabinet would be expensive, so try Craig's list, estate sales, and antique stores.
Yes, you just have to push the piece of the unit (the long straight piece) that fits into holes at the back of the walking foot until it reaches the width you want. Just measure the distance from the needle to where the "hockey stick" rests on the quilt or the bed of the machine.
there was not a screw with it but it fits snugly into the walking foot and didn't move on me when I used it.
I don't have the machine and foot with me but you should be able to get fairly close to the side of the foot, maybe 1/2" or less.
It doesn't matter which Brother machine you have. I fits on the back of the part that hooks onto your accessory feet or the back of your walking foot. I think this part is standard on Brother machines. This quilting guide is great for making wide straight lines.
Hi, This fits in my older Husqvarna walking foot and my Brother PRW 420, so it should fit in almost any of them. It is just the metal thingy that goes in the guide holes so that you can adjust the measurement for a straight sewing line. I don't know why Brother doesn't include them with their walking foot. Hope this helps.
I'm sorry I don't know. I have a Singer sewing/quilting machine and it doesn't actually go on the sewing machine, it attaches to the walking foot. Actually, it is supposed to attach there. But with mine, it fits in the hole on the foot, but is so loose that it won't stay in place. I have been advised to buy a small rubber washer to hold it in place, but haven't found one that will fit properly yet.
Use the Brother website for your model's information. If you don't see this product there, call the Brother customer service and ask them specifically if this will fit, and if not, which one to use.
I believe so if they are not too thick.
No
It will fit any low shank machine. It fit my 900d that was not listed.
I don't know for sure, but may very well work. I've bought a new machine, a Husqvarna, and it seems to fit on that, so I would give it a shot on the same make machine.
It does if you can get it started. It's a tricky little foot to use. Check out videos on Yuotube. They make it look so easy, but it does take practice. I've tried it several times, and only got it to work once. In all fairness though, it might have been the material I was using. I'm sure it would work better with thin materials. I make outdoor flags, and wanted a fast way to get a rolled edge. Bottom weight material doesn't want to roll easily. I ended up buying the Brother 1034D serger. That makes fantastic adjustable size perfect rolled edges on thin, and heavy materials. The SA126 is a pretty cool foot if you can get it to work with the material you are using. Hope this helps. Good luck.
I only went by the machines listed when I bought the foot. I have a brother Ultd embroidery/sewing machine.
Yes this foot works just fine with the Brothers CS6000I machine. It's a little tricky to get going, but it does work. Check it out on youtube. They have a lot of video clips showing you exactly how to use it.
I do not have the specific model that you requested, but both of my machines are Brother and work fine. This is a tall foot, not a short angled foot. I was not happy with the unit, because while it is advertised as a 7mm foot, I have only ever been able to create a 3 mm rolled hem. I really needed a wider hem for the projects that I create.
I am not sure but it lists all the machines it will work on when you get ready to purchase.
You'll definitely need to hold it open. I'd suggest a large binder clip or something of that nature to keep the pages flat while you're working on it.
Nah, they are woved to the book. You would need scissors to cut them out.
Yea and no
Yep!
yes
Well I've used charcoal and different kinds of pencils and it has always worked fine.
They were blank
About 109 sheets of paper; so that makes about 218 usable pages.
The paper is pretty flat, with a really really fine texture. It's thick enough that marker ink doesn't bleed to the next page (though it will bleed visibly from the other side of the sheet). It's thick enough that you can't see the next page through it. Hope this was helpful!
It should not darken the chalk. However, you should always to a test piece prior to application.
This spray is not for use with pictures or labels.
Yes, if you have prepared your chalk drawing right. Here is a link to a complete tutorial on chalk drawing. Best of art to you! http://inmyownstyle.com/2012/07/how-to-draw-like-an-artist-on-a-chalkboard.html
Matte finish.
Yes but it's not meant for paint. It's great in making your darker shades of color darker after tracing over it once sprayed on canvas.
I have not used mine yet but sounds like it would be what you needed. It work on plenty of different media or types of paper but hard to say about the paper in the diary without knowing for sure what it is.
I my experience fixative will be absorbed by the chalk and then run and streak. Perhaps a Dry Erase Board?
I've never tried it on shoes. I use it for my art and mixed media projects and I like it. Goes on easily and dries well. I also use the glossy finish for projects I want to be shiny. It is a high quality product and I love it, but I just read the label and it says nothing about canvas material. However, it does say "for displays, crafts, decorative painting...." I have used it on art canvas with good results. If I had canvas shoes, I probably would use it on them. It protects my mixed media (which contains materials sometimes) very well. Hope that was helpful....
Yes it does.
Hi Jenny. I wish I could give you a positive answer but there are so many variables when spraying over a painted surface. The best I can offer is that I feel pretty confident that it would work (but no guarantee). My suggestion would be to spray several coats of the spray and it should certainly dull the surface. The product dries quickly, usually within a few minutes so you can respray without too much waiting. Best regards, Harve E.
I think the matte finish would be too hard to keep clean & it probably wouldn't stick very well to the existing polish.
No
Yes
It does have a very strong odor that's why I usually do the spraying outside. I also do this because it is toxic. I have used it with charcoal drawings and it works great! Hope this had helped you
No. don't do it. this is for paintings not glass
Sorry, I have no idea...but I don.t think I would try it
I would say no! More so for decoration, keep to the outside below the lip line of mugs and you're good!
Yes, but they will fade over time.
You can use these pens on any flat surface, I've used them so far on my remotes keys, to label my camera batteries, I have 8, etc. etc..
The paint will stay if you "bake" it-- let the mugs air cure for 24 hours. Once dry, place them in a cold oven, shut the door, and turn the oven on to 325 degrees for 40 minutes. Turn the oven off but let them cool while still inside the oven. (There are different methods of "baking" the mugs, but this is the one I used on a wine glass. You can run searches on Google or Pinterest to find other methods. There is also a marker remover made by the same company that you may want to purchase just in case you need to re-do....Hope this helps!)
We never thought of baking. Once it dries it's just hard paint. I don't think it would be a good idea but who knows!
The 200s are fine point and the 300s are broad point.
Don't know if mine were fine or medium point, but they worked great for me
I don't know about this particular brand, however Nancy's Notions has one that appears to be generic. I understand that Brother and Babylock are mfg by the same company. This one fits my Brother 4500 machine.
I'm not sure what model that is. Maybe a Brother dealer or their website could help
No, I have a SE 400
I would think it would fit any Brother machine but Brother should probably be contacted to ask that question.
Mary, Your best bet is to contact Brother and ask them or your euro pro dealer. I've dealt with brother USA and had good response from them. I think it would help if when you contacted them to know whether your machine is a low shank, high shank or slant that will help them help you. best of luck
It cannot be screwed on to xr7700 as there is no hole on bottom right of needle plate. But you can tape it down if you want. You can see here - http://papillondigitaldesigns.com/2013/09/brother-circle-attachment-sacirc1.html
Trisha, Buttonholes can not be done on this machine. This is an Embroidery Only machine. Thank you,
No you do not need the Internet, some designs are preprogrammed and for others that you purchased you will need a USB.. Hope this helps...
No there is not.
That is correct. There is only one hoop for this machine, which has a maximum embroidery space of 5.5"x5.5".
Yes, one other hoop works with this machine. Small Hoop for Janome Memory Craft MC 200E Embroidery Machine which is a 2 x2 hoop.
If you invest in embroidery software you would be able to resize a design. If not just make sure you purchase files within 5.5 x5.5. There are files smaller that 4x4 and larger than 4x4 that does not exceed 5.5 x5.5. The embroidery library has many designs in many sizes. Plus each month embroidery library offer a free design. Hopes this helps.
You should have a manual that explains it all. If not, call Janome customer service and ask them. They should walk you through step by step. It's a little complicated to explain here, and you should be in front of the machine when they explain.
Yes. It has two main fonts. One script and one print. I have played with it a little. It turned out nice
If the design fits into the frame the machine will stitch it. It's based on the dimensions of the design not the amount of stitches.
No, the image may only be resized. To edit designs you would need embroidery software .
I had never used this on paper before. I have used it to repair the surface of castings. In response to your question I took a piece of origami and sprayed it. The spray did not do any damage to the paper. The paper was left with a mild sheen. One coat did not make it stiff. Maybe more coats would make it stiffer. It did look like the paper had a protective coating.
It's mostly to cover blemishes on your resin or make a shiny coat for things.
Yes, it can be used to coat the coasters. As for using indoors, I do it all the time but I don't have kids around and after working in an auto paint shop, I don't even notice the fumes. If you have a vented stove you could lay some cardboard down over the top and use that as a spray booth, or a ventilated bathroom.
Yes it will cover imperfections in the epoxy resin
I've used this on smooth-sanded ABS and PLA plastics to give it a shine. I use it mainly to smooth the wavy texture of a sanded 3d printed item, which I then sand again. It's very versatile.
It's clear epoxy resin
I'm not certain about that, but I must say it did not work well for what I needed. I needed it to spray over something which was already resin'ed and it didn't do a very good job sadly :(
I have not had trouble with drips or streaking! I love this stuff.
That is not a mold release spray and does not go on the mold at all, anywhere. This is a clear resin finishing spray that you spray on your finished cast piece.
The sheet is white, and it's for an inkjet printer.
I always cut my pieces out before shrinking them so I'm not certain how much a full sheet would shrink. Most things end up being about 50% the size of the original piece, however.
I've only purchased the inkjet in white. It doesn't come out shiny after you bake it, but then just apply a glaze on top.
I used mod Podge without issue - just a very thin first coat and then a second coat once that was dry.
I found no glaze was needed, they're a little rough but I found a tip to use wax paper to rub them with (using it almost like sandpaper) once they're set and that seemed to work well.
Yes I do.. Thank you, Denise
No it should be ok, the texture is always a bit grainy-ish. I think you can soften it down with stuff like modgepodge or however that thing is called.
It's only about 1/4 "wide. I use very thin ribbon yarn , cross stitch thread or colored twine when I use this punch. There is another Stewart punch however that is not longer but is wider holes that I use for ribbon.wish they put names on each punch. All I can say is that it's border has a fence type border in that it's border looks like upside down v's. Very pretty and fancy and regular ribbon feeds easier
Good Question... I took a piece of card stock9 65lb) and doubled it. Went through like butter. Then I doubled that, which would be four pieces and it would not punch. Hope that helps you out. Its a great punch.. Bonnie
I use it only for cutting cardstock. I don't think it would cut ribbon or lace. I believe it would tear the material.
No. Nothing that thick. It wouldn't even cut through the cardboard piece on the back of a tablet of lined paper.
The fine tip has a more bigger tip, so it is better for making patterns o doing small detail on projects, while the ball point is even more finer much like a normal pen, so it's more suitable when you want to write a sparkly letter or do a lot of fine detail.
This glue pen is so good for fine lines, I have always got two in my desk. I would say be careful when their is not much glue left in the pen, because it has a habit of coming out in a blob of glue instead of your fine line. Each time you use the pen, just wipe it first and test on a piece of paper first before you start using it. Hope this was helpful!!
I don't know for sure, but I would think you could use it with fabric as long as you don't wash it. If you want to wash it, you would probably have to use a washable glue. Aleene's has one but I don't remember the specific name of their glue that is washable.
Yes it is and is great for putting glue just where you want it and to then apply glitter.
Mine jammed after i folded a piece of printer paper twice to make the work faster. After I unjammed it (which is really hard to do) i stuck with regular printer paper and construction paper.
No, only paper
No it does not cut tissue paper cleanly
No
Don't understand the question
I doubt it- unless it is a thinner, stiffer felt- your best bet is to look for pre cut felt circles from Amazon or local craft stores. Other than that you could use the appropriate size circle template and cut them by hand- slower method, but an alternative..
With the 1" Martha Stewart circle punch: it will punch 3/4" from the edge of the page to the outside edge of the circle.
They are super fine- perfect for professional effects and glitter coverage. Not for kid crafts.
No, it's not edible.
It depends. The martha stewart glitters come in a huge color assortments (even though some are just a mix of other colors). The containers' size is small enough for the kidergartener's hand to hold and shake. However bear in mind that MS glitter is very very fine. So I'm not sure how that will translate in getting the glitters off their face, hair and clothes. Other option is to google spectra glitters. Theirs is more economical and larger in size (0.04 hexagon i believe) and the colors are brilliant, although less color options as compared to MS glitter. But being bigger in size may makes it easier to dust off.
Absolutely these are meant for craft in particular..each color will find its use somewhere or the other and there will be no mess cause of the strainer type cap underneath the top cap
I THINK IT WILL BE JUST FINE. I use it on things that heat up, like candles. It will be fine I'm sure.
Depends on what you are doing, but I don't know how well spray would work. I have used the Martha Stewart glue pens for outlines and dots. Or used regular glue spread thinly over larger areas (using a paint brush). I haven't used spray adhesive, so I can't say how well that would work.
You need solvent resistant glitter for nail polish. These WILL melt in a nail polish bottle.
its fine glitter. you could try for stamp embossing, but i think you would be wasting whatever glitter you use.
Not a lot. The picture makes it look bigger but you get maybe an ounce per bottle
Hi. I haven't used it for that myself, but it does stand up well to other glues and adhesives.
It is fairly small and would fit right inside a 1" x 1" diameter. I wouldn't call it a "tag". I used it as large confetti.
I no longer have it handy. But when I punched the tags, they were a lot smaller than I would have liked to use as tags. They were maybe 1.5" in length.
Use a 1/4 0r 1/8 inch punch depending on what you are punching. I use the 1/4 ch on thick paper to crochet around.
I am sure if you are asking for the dimensions of the punch itself or the snowflake. But the snowflake is 1"x3/4" and the punch is 4". Hope this helps.
It depends on the size of the beads. While the sides do have dividers, they aren't flush with the bottom so if they are smaller than say a pearl, they will slide around. Other than that it's pretty safe
They are attached.
Approx. 16" x 13.5"
I can't say. This is the only Artbin product I own. I would just check the measurements and see if it will fit that way.
The overall dimensions are 22" wide x 33" high x 19"" deep (back to front). Hope this helps.
These were used in our art gallery. Depends on the thickness of the mat 20-30
No assembly required. Just fold open.
No assembly is required.
This print rack is 22" wide and stands 33" high.
No, I wouldn't recommend this product for that purpose. It is more like a fabric that a backpack is made out of.
It would hold the weight easy, I just not to sure on it being too tear proof, I was able to rip it apart after making a small slice in it with a little effort, I would look for something that is tear proof
It is heavy. I'm using it to repair a pair of snow pants for snowmobiling.
I would believe so, it is thick but not to thick, but you will have to use grommets if your going to screw it to pvc pipe, this way it wont rip so easily. look up brass grommet set a get the proper size for the type of screws your going to use. hope this helps.
Yes
What I ordered came as one continuous piece. I very much doubt that you would need to sew it together. It's basically like buying from a Bolt of cloth at a fabric store, It should all be one piece.
The fabric is a matte finish, and while it is very dark, I made a bike cover that was out in the sunshine all the time, and it did fade noticeably after one year. If you are using it inside, you may not have the problem. Even with the fading, it is still very strong, not deteriorating at all, and it has now been almost 3 years.
No, not at all. It's very thick.
As the description says, it is 58" wide, you purchase whatever length you need. I made a cover to go overour bikes on the back of our RV.....after one year, it has faded a bit, but still as strong as ever!
its not to heavy, extremely stiff, I wouldn't think it would compress compactly.
It's made of synthetic material. Hope this helps.
In general, you can machine wash down pillows and blankets. Though there isn't any specific instructions in the description about how to wash the pillow, I think you can wash it like any other down pillows.
Made in USA according to the tag. After having these inserts for several mnths, they are shedding feathers around the seams. You will need a good pillowcase (ticking) or impermeable cover like leather or suede to prevent feathers from poking out. They have stayed full and shapely even though i sit against them.
Yes. I actually wish I had gotten those instead to make the pillows a little fuller.
Not that I've noticed!
Yes
Mine says "made in Taiwan"
The walking foot does not come with the machine but must be purchased separately. You don't necessarily need to purchase the Janome brand of foot if another brand indicates it will fit your particular make and model of machine.
On a basic zig-zag stitch (#8 on stitches) the largest number is 7.0 which measures about 1/4" across...it may vary on different types of zig-zag stitch...hope this is of assistance.
No, it isn't. But I haven't had any problems sewing both denim and silk charmeuse.
My research indicated that is was the exterior casing design.
I am just starting to make quilts, I know this is a quilting stitch. I am not sure if the machine will have the capability. I think it will on small projects with a special foot.
No
See other answers..Can move all the way right and left. I love the machine.
16 lbs. Yes it would fit in a suitcase.
I have found a surgeons knot will hold it, but just to be safe put a drop of a type of jewelry glue on the knot.
I believe this would be way too thick for chips. You would need a very thin stretch cord.
if your asking if 10mm beads will be able to fit on this size string then yes. i just tried putting 8mm beads on it and it goes on easily. if your asking if this string will hold the weight of 10mm beads i would also guess yes. i dont see why it wouldnt be able to hold them
Yes it should be
Hi April. Yes I can ship 2 of the 1mm clear stretch magic large spools right away once the order is placed. Did you order the original ones from someone else - I'm not finding you in my sales records. Let me know if you have any more questions or problem processing your order. Thank you - Janice
Yes but honestly practice is going to be needed before you get a straight cut. I believe a second person would make it a lot neater too. I've not taken the time to master this yet.
I only tried it with 100% cotton
Check at joanns, they sell the machine
130
I sent mine back it wont cut straight.
From my standpoint, this was a piece of junk! It couldn't cut anything so threw it away after a number of tries. I would have taken it back to the store for a refund but it was long after the return policy. I kept hoping I owuld find the secret to making it work but never did.
I have not tried fleece with the cutter my guess is it will have alot of fuzz which you will want to clean often off the blade(depending on the type of fleece) sorry I couldn't help ya.
it automatically feeds- has a foot pedal that starts the feed
only if have stabilizer under it, be very careful guiding it through the cutter
it would. the problem I had was keeping the width uniform
I bought this machine to make double fold tape. After running it through the first time, just fold it and run it through the machine again. However, after the third one, I swore I would never ever buy this again. The last one survived only a few months before it started making a weird noise like a cog wasn't catching right. Do not waste your money :)
It comes with only one, but the extra ones through Amazon are about half of the price anywhere else.
Ron, Thank you for your email. Here is the link to our site to view the tips that we offer. http://www.wawak.com/products/search.cfm?KEYS=Simplicity+Bias+Tape+Maker+Machine+ Sincerely, Gerrie
I always cut my bias strips with a rotary cutter and clear quilting ruler so I can get consistent sized strips. You do need to seam the strips together so there may be some inconsistencies where the seams meet. I gently pull the strip as it goes through the machine when it comes to a seam.
I live in the U.S. and it is only 2 prongs. All I know is that I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the item. I think you may have to ask Simplicity this question.
Yes, it did. But I must again warn the public against buying this. I'm a firm believer in second chances, but the third machine lasted only a few months.
No. I have not had any problems with mine. It's a great tool and I use mine for fabric used for rug weaving.
I had the same issue. I contacted Wilton - they own the simplicity brand. There is a 90 day warranty and they did replace it for me. Their customer service is excellent
In looking at the Amazon site, there is a bias tape machine tip for 1/2inch, 15mm equates to about 0.6 inches so I'm assuming this would be the nearest fit. That's all I can suggest, sorry I can't be more help. Sue
This machine plugs into standard household plug and does not need a 220 heavy duty line.
I ordered one back in May of this year and love it. It is well made and has held up to all of my abuse.
yes, just refill with marbled comp books available pretty much everywhere. It just slides in. hope this helps
Not indestructible but firm. The cover is pretty thick and does a nice job of keeping the notebooks protected.
Covers a standard composition notebook size of 9 " x 7 " which comes with 200 pages Those are the ones with the black and white covers. You can get them on sale usually in the fall when back to school sales are happening.
I ordered one back in May of this year and love it. It is well made and has held up to all of my abuse.
yes, just refill with marbled comp books available pretty much everywhere. It just slides in. hope this helps
Not indestructible but firm. The cover is pretty thick and does a nice job of keeping the notebooks protected.
Covers a standard composition notebook size of 9 " x 7 " which comes with 200 pages Those are the ones with the black and white covers. You can get them on sale usually in the fall when back to school sales are happening.
1.5 inch in diameter and 0.75 inches tall.
I would guess a tablespoon
i use them to store beads which they do very well, except when i knock them all over the floor. i'm not positive, but i don't think they are water tight.
Yes they have individual screw top and yes they can hold powdery substance securely. Those are wonderful little invention
Not sure what asking. They are all clear, including outer plastic holder for the small round containers. Would not withstand someone stepping on box but seems sturdy enough and I have several and use all the time. Really like them.
Yes they sit well on top of each other.
No the jars are not stackable, they fit in the box in a single layer.
approximately half an ounce. I filled a container with water and poured it into a medicine cup. It gave me three teaspoons or i5 ml. Online conversion translates that to .507 ounces (US)
1.5" x .75"
We do not ship International Packages. Sorry.
This product works like a harm in all cases. The great thing about un-du is that it can remove pstal stamp r sticker and in a m inute when it is dry again u can reuse the sticky item removed. I love this product.
Works great for getting price tags off cardboard, paper, plastic, glass. It worked great on anything I have ever tried it on. Fantastic for getting off those pesky TJ Max tags and price tags on anything. I would not be without this product. We keep on in the desk and one in the kitchen.
In theory, yes. It was invented for use with "scrapbooking" and is supposed to be safe for all surfaces. But, it's not to say that when it takes off what is stuck to your picture, that it may already be damaged by what the adhesive was. Again, as I always say when you're working with "treasured items", if you have a similar pic with the same situation, test it on that first. It has just never hurt anything on which I have used it. Hope this helped.
I have never had this happen and I've used it on many paperback covers. Try letting the liquid soak into the sticker for a little while. Then use gentle pressure. Don't dig. Good luck.
I haven't tried it. But it was really good at removing the photos that had been in the magnetic albums for 30 plus years without damaging the photos. And they were fused to the album.
Start with drops, undu goes a long way. The amount depends on the surface and the amount of glue in the sticker. Some glues react really fast l, some need work.
It means the product has low volatile organic compounds which can be hazardous to a person's health.
I used it on an adhesive attached to old photos and it was AMAZING.
I do not know. I use this product for correcting mistakes in scrapbooks.
I haven't used it on plexiglass, but it hasn't been a problem on anything else so far. I will say that it's not the "wonder product" it's been made out to be. Doesn't work any better than Goo Gone but costs much more.
No, there isn't; it only the pad inside of a thin plastic packaging.
As far as I know it is compatible with both the Tim Holtz Vagabond and the Sizzix Sidekick. Hope that helps you.
I think it's silicone rubber. Why not call the Sizzix company. I'm sure they'll tell you.
This is only necessary when using XL dies that have fold-lines that are impressed into the paper. For regular XL "cut-only" dies, you don't need this.
I think Baby Lock is made by Brother (or vice versa) and think they would work, but I'm not positive. I can tell you Amazon's service is wonderful and if you bought them you could try one to see. You would know in a minute if works for you or not. I've never had a problem returning anything to Amazon. I have found these bobbins are so tightly wound and slightly overwound, it helps to pull a yard or two off before using them. I would suggest you call a Baby Lock Dealer as ask if they carry them for your machine. Hope this helps a tiny bit. They work great on my Brother ULT 2001 and my Pfaff 7570.
I would think so , I use them on my Brother ULT2000 and Baby Lock for embroidery. Dona
Yes...size L prewounds will work. I have a PR1000e and they worked fine. I do think our machines like cardboard bobbins better.
Yes. Clear plastic bobbins. Work great !!!
I'm not sure about the Designer SE, but they work like a charm for my Husqvarna Viking Topaz 20.
They work just fine in my designer diamond and I know people who use them, trouble free, in the Ruby. BTW, I find them more economical to use, in the long run, than winding my own. Wish I had started using them earlier
I use them in my brother 2002D ,don't know about viking. You would need the shorter bobbins
No these are size L. I believe you need size A for the 770.
I use them all the time in my Viking designer 1 and Designer Diamond Deluxe. They should work in any machine that uses a size L bobbin.
They will fit perfectly. These are size L bobbins. They are well-constructed and work very very well.
68 caliber which is a standard round for all paintball guns
No, it is not filled, because they can't ship them with pressure.
I replaced my stock 10 inch non-ported barrel with a 14 inch rifled trinity barrel which was insanely accurate up to 50 yards
Product Dimensions: 24.6 x 13 x 10.6 inches; 11 pounds Official shipping weight is 12 pounds
There is a fake 30 round style magazine made by trinity for the project salvo. I was going to buy it for mine Bc it looks awesome. But I needed the original with the Allen wrenches in it Bc I have the e grip and it requires me to push a button with the small Allen wrench to change full auto settings. There is also a different non collapsible stock that you can purchase for it. Try rap4.com or tippmannpros.com. The mag is on amazon. Hope that helps. I've put about $1500 into my project salvo. I love every minute on domination it brings.
Take to paintball field they have the machine for the right fps or u cam buy the machine for test fps for paintball guns
the strap for it can be tightend to what evr size you want, but i do not recommend this harness because i have many problems with it. some of the problems were that when the pods were all in, they got directly in theway of my elbows. also, it was very loose around your waste besides where the straps are. so yeah hopefully that helps (i know its alittle late but yeah)
Absolutely. Most paintball fields have some sort of tank fill service, either they will fill it for you or it is DIY. Keep the tank and keep reusing it.
It's a fantastic starting weapon. Only complaint would be the weight of the gun when ready for the field. Luckily for you the barrel can be twisted off and the front railing can be taken off as well. That's where all the weight is. After that the gun is extremely light and easy to meanuver
This item is very easy to use and clean. If you are okay with pulling the trigger fast then it will work for. But since you play more hyperball another unit on amazon meant work better. one is the 2012 Spyder Victor Paintball Gun Marker MEGA Package. and other is just the Tippmann Gryphon .68 Caliber Paintball Marker. they both have it so you can finger roll the trigger to fire more shots.
You can clean them with sandpaper.
The stumps and tortillas are used for blending with chalk or oil pastels. just do not push too hard and blunt the stump/point. Even for works well with charcoal.
The bag I got had 3 different kinds of paper (as well as different sizes). A few harder ones, but also a couple made with a softer paper which I use for more delicate work. I use all 3! A real artist friend (I'm a wannabe artist) told me she sharpens them in an electric sharpener, then sands the edges smooth. But I haven't tried that yet.
I have some distributed by Michael's that are made in China. The others were cut open and place of origin is unknown. Good question. One I usually ask before I buy.
No
Graphite, charcoal, and chalk
They are paper rolls. Just strip them like any other stump or tortillion.
Essentially, its a stick of rolled up paper. Where it comes to a point, you can rub it on materials like charcoal and pastels to smudge it. Its used for blending and smoothing dry mediums that are otherwise difficult to work with. You can use things like your fingers, tissues, paper towels, etc. instead, but I find that stumps give me more control and precision. I would definitely recommend trying them out.
There are 4 stumps and 6 tortillions of different sizes.
No they are not. These are Blending tools for charcoal and graphite. They are wrapped paper and blend very good for creating smooth textures.
most new machines for home use are low shank machines, what make and model is yours? It would be easier for us to tell you if it would work. It makes Quilting a breeze as well as working with slippery fabrics.
Yes it would
Yes it will. That's the machine I have and bought this foot and it works great.
This is designed for a Low Shank machine. I currently have it on a 1958 99K model, but it also fits my 1907, 1915, and 1927 models as well. The height of the attachment, is approximately 1 1/2 "
Yes, it's exactly as pictured. The part that attaches is in fact metal.
I have an older Kenmore, I believe low shank machine, and it works beautifully.
Joyce - I'm not sure if it fits Singer 7258 (suggest you contact Singer.com for answer to that), but I can tell you that it fits straight shank machines only - not slanted shanks - but there is one available for slanted shank machines. BTW, I use mine on a Brother machine and it works fine. I love it!
Check out the you tube video at http://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=related&v=-NP_i3K1iyA. It shows installation and uses.
If it has a short straight shank it will.
Yes it will. This even fits on my mother's Singer 503A Rocketeer and it sew like a dream!
Yes, but they make a slight jingling sound--as if thy aren't quite right. But they seem to work fine.
Yes, they are metal. But if you want them for your Pfaff Grandquilter Hobby 1200, don't bother. They are just too large to be able to fit inside your bobbin holder.
Don't know. I use them in pfaff 1209 and 7570 models.
I don't know about the 130 but they fit in my 230 ... Don't know if that helps though ...
I would only get them and try them if the price is low enough.
Yes they will
I have the 440 QE and it fits perfectly. I do think Bernina makes each foot to work on every machine. I have emailed them before and they get right back to you. So you could check directly with them. It is a great foot for quilting. I use it all the time.
I don't know what you mean by the 8 series. I looked carefully (zoom in to the photo) at the fitting shape matching it to other feet that I have for my machine......I love it for quilting and now all my seams are the SAME quarter inch.
I don't know....I have a 580. Look at the part where the peg fits...that seems to be the deciding factor. Mine works fine. If you can return it if it does not fit I would say buy it.
They are after market but work well. N means new series. Don't know where he cut comes.
I have both a PE770 and a PE780D and these needles work for both machines
if that machine takes 130 needles, yes.
The Schmetz needles have the "flat side" which is usually able to be used in all machines. so if your normal needles have a flat side, you should be OK.
Sorry, I can't help you.., I have a Pfaff Creative 2124 and they work great. My advice is buy a pack - reasonably priced and give them a try. You also might check with your Pfaff dealer to see if all bobbins for Pfaff machines are the same.
After working with these for a while, I would not recommend them. When I ordered 50 cheap bobbins, they were not exactly the same as the Pfaff brand bobbins. I have had them break from too much pressure from winding very fine thread on them. Also the disks on the side are thicker and do not work right on on the winder of my Pfaff Creative 2170.
I'm not sure. My machine is a Phaff 7550 and they work great. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
no they will not I just went through researching this for my wife and even though amazon lists many pfaff machines that use the 90339 the c1100 pro is not one of them. the pfaff factory told me that the c1100 pro has its own unique bobbin the pfaff part number is 416431001 . we found them at a pfaff dealership for ~$6.80 for a pack of 10 PS not all pfaff dealerships are that savey on bobbin selection for their machines. I went through 2 know nothing dealerships on the phone before I found one who knew what I was talking about.
I have a Pfaff 7550 and they work just fine. They are exactly the same as the ones I've gotten from my Pfaff dealer. Hope this helps!
It doesn't appear so based on this website: http://www.sewingpartsonline.com/bobbins-pfaff-10-pack-9033p.aspx
I don't know. I was able to Google my machine to find a part number for the bobbin. Good luck.
I don't know, but they were supposed to fit my Ambition 1.5 and they do not.
I would guess NO. they work on the older phaff's from the 1960's, 1970's.
Tha way to tell is in the machine book it will give you a letter my Pfaff 5.0 takes a L for them to work. What brand of machine do you own?
It should work. I used it for my brother foot.
No
It fits. Thank you.
Hi. It is the old style, so it should. I have an 803 and use this all the time.
It works on my Bernina 930 just fine
Look at the shank of you Bernina's pressure foot. On top where it fits into the machine. On the old Berninas that area used to be round like this foot. I think the Bernina 330 is newer and needs a straight almost square back. Then you will need the Bernina pressure foot #75 or 77 depending what you want to attach.
I have an older model Bernina and this adaptor worked for me to attach the low shank Big Foot. It works great for machine quilting.
Toni, I have a 1230 and I ordered this adaptor. According to the info I read in my research this adapter fits the 1230. I have not used it yet but it does look right. Hope this helps.
No. The adaptor doesn't adapt other Bernina feet, but rather allows you to use some feet from other manufacturers (say Brother or Singer) on an old style Bernina. Those feet attach to a shank with a screw, and this provides a shank that fits the older model Berninas.
No. This is so you can use regular feet from other machines, notice the screw mount at the bottom. It depends on the shank size. For example this machine would never be able to use a Singer slant shank style due to the tilt. Snap on need an adapter that states it is for snap on feet.
It should. Usually the parts for a Brother and Singer will fit either machine. I have a Brother older model and the feet work on my Singer. I have the Pin Tuck foot but I haven
try this video on youtube.com SINGER Presser Foot Tutorials - Multiple
I only have 5 grooves on my pin tuck foot. So sorry !
I would call singer themselves to be sure of the exact number the foot has to be for your machine. I believe singer took over brother sewing machines. Call early in the morning at 8am to talk to some one right away. I want you to know that singer has not been the best with customer service in the past couple years. They have really let their quality slip. I am sorry to see this in singer but they should be able to answere your question. The best sewing machine is a Janome.
This foot creates small pin tucks. Essentially it takes a piece of fabric picks it up and stitches through to create a small ridge in the fabric. It's a decorative element that you see on blouses and dresses.
I'm sure it will, it's a standard clip on foot. Works quite well, you just need to experiment with needle position a bit...
I'm not absolutely sure, but if your machine is a short shank and uses snap on attachments, it should fit. I looked at your machine on the internet and it looks like it is both of these. Celeste
Yes it will fit. Both our machine have the same shank. I just used this today on my Singer 6160 and it was a breeze!
Yes, Claudia, it should fit a Singer 4228.
I am not sure. However I have two singers 7463 and a singer fashionista and it fits both. I hope this help.
Sarah, I tried to research your machine and find a good picture of it, which wasn't easy, but I believe it uses "short shank, snap on" attachments, in which case this invisible zipper attachment would work. Celeste
i don't know about that model. I have a Futura 350 and it fits my machine.
I do not know, but I would not recommend this item. It has too much variation in movement from one side to other causing item being sewed to not zip.
You would have to go on line and find out what type of shank you have to your sewing machine. If it is low shank you should be fine.
The shipping will increase. You can cancel if you think shipping is too high after your purchase.
Fits Pfaff models: 130, 280, 360, 290, 800, 875, 905, 933, 955, 1006, 1007, 1010, 1037, 1047, 1051, 1067, 1069, 1071, 1147, 1151, 1171, 1371, 1467, 1469, 1471, 1472, 1473, 1475, 1520, 1530, 1540, 2010, 2020, 2027, 2029, 2030, 2040, 2140, 6085, 6091, 6110, 6112, 6120, 6122, 6150, 6152, 6230, 6232, 6250, 6270, 7510, 7530, 7550, 7560 and 7570. these bobbins work as well as the metal ones. I own a Pfaff 6091.
I don't know. Mine is a 6220. These are kind of cheap, though. I've had them break in half while winding the bobbin. Wouldn't recommend.
I can't say specifically about your machine, but I've had 3 Pfaffs and they've all used the same bobbin.
Will work on Pfaff tiptronic 2030
Yes it would. Also, although, this was advertised to fit a serger, it is a tight fit. I would prefer something just a little more roomy if I had it to do over.
I am currently on vacation and it is not here with me, but it is big enough to accommodate my serger.
It is 14' high, 13" wide and 12 Deep. I own a singer serger and it fits fine
I gave it to my daughter for Christmas for her Janome serger and it fits perfectly.
I own a Janome MC9500 and this foot worked beautifully. No problems.
do not deal with PrecisionSewing...get the foot from Janome for your particular machine. The foot I got was for a short shank and is of no use to me.
I was not able to make it work Janome.
I know that it works for the Janome 9000 series but not sure about your model. I would contact Janome directly with this question.
Pretty sure the even feed foot does work on all Janome mavhines
I am fairly certain it will work.
I do believe it will. mine is a Janome walking foot and it looks similar
This works ONLY with Janome HIGH SHANK machines.
It doesn't list machines by model number but does state it is for "Memory Craft Embroidery Machines". I am not familiar with the 3000 HD.
Hi Pamela: I am pretty sure the Baby Loc Ellisimo Gold ll will fit . I have my regular full size singer in my bag for taking back and forth to my quilting classes and there is room left over. I bought this bag because it has a special bag for your cutting board. I hope this helps. Jean Colavecchia
Paige, if you decide to buy this you wouldn't be sorry. I was really surprised by the quality. I've used mine for 4-5 months, in and out of the trunk of the car, around walls and doors, bang into everything. The size of the machine trolley is 20"L x 11"D x 15"H. These are my measurements taken on the inside. With the sewing machine inside I've still got plenty of room to shove all my quilting projects and accessories inside. That's not counting all the other pockets. But look for a lower price, as mine was $25.00 less expensive.
I am not sure but I think sp.
Mat/Ruler Bag Measures : 25 1/2" W x 20" D x 3/4" H my mat has plenty of room I wish there is a slightly bigger mat than a 25 i hope this helps
I wouldn't think so. The spools are small. I bought this to carry to embroidery class with me, just to have a compact way to carry many colors. Also, for anyone interested, there is a nice variety of basic colors, but no purple. That's the only color I've been lacking while in a class.
Each spool is 200m (converts to 218.7 yards). They are not large, normal size spools; instead they are roughly the same diameter but are shorter (about half the height of a standard spool).
It was your primary colors. Reds, orange, pink, (3) blues, (3) yellows, brown, (2) tans, white, silver and black.
If you have the manual for the machine it may tell you. If not you can download the machine manual free if you search for the machine brand and number. As for fitting, I didn't know if it would fit mine either, but I took a chance and ordered anyway and it fit. I think these are pretty standard which is why you won't find but two maybe three on here for sale. It's the same at stores if you can even find them. I would think chances are good that it will fit.
not sure but has a fairly adjustable hole in spool.
Did not fit
If that model number is for a stand Singer then yes, it is nor for a serger.
I will say yes, the one I bought was for an older singer machine.
Yes
I don't know if any machine actually NEEDS the Fmq bobbin case (I've Fmq'ed miles on my Horizon without one) but using the new case definitely made my last attempt a lot smoother.
This looks like the bobbin in my machine. I do not have any trouble with uneven stitching or loops in the bobbin thread after it gets started. However I have had to order several new bobbin cases as the needle does puncture the plastic if it gets out of sinc.
According to Janome, this is the model number of what will fit the MC 6300. http://content.janome.com/index.cfm/machines/Sewing-Quilting/MC6300. From what I can tell, if it fits the 6500 and 6600 it fits the 6300 as well.
It is my understanding that it creates less tension on the bottom. I've quilted many many quilts with the regular bobbin case as well. Its my belief this low tension case gives better results
I don't know if it fits the Janome DC2010. On the Janome website it doesn't list this particular machine for this bobbin case. Maybe ask a dealer for assistance. Ken's Sewing Center in Alabama sells on Amazon and they are very helpful on the phone. I've bought several items from them for my Janome.
I have a6600 and it works fine with mine
No it does not. But, if you have your manual for your Janome it will tell you how to replace the bobbin case.
Mine Came with one.
The. Adjustments are independent of each other
Yes it does.
Yes, it comes with both.
It has a hem gauge
Yes, its an ok foot for the money, but I wish I had bought the moe expensive one, I think it would pull the fabric thru at a more even stitch.
It does have the word 'Singer' on it but it comes in a generic box. It works well.
I do not know if it fits the Singer9910. It does fit my Singer One.
My Singer has a short shank and it fits. Hope that this helps.
Type in your machine in search and see...that's how I got mine and if it fits get it! It's wonderful - sorry I can't give you a specific answer.
It really worked well. I had to do a project for church using Minky. It was wonderful to sew with the walking foot.
Yes
I am sorry but really can't say for sure...when I bought mine I typed in my model number in the search and then it was listed in the description. It is not a universal foot so don't know if it will work for all Singer machines.
model 636 needs a slant needle walking foot #421333-s
We use the "even feed/walking foot" on a singer and a brother sewing machine and it works great. According to us, it really is a universal foot.
It is overlay on pressed wood
Hi, Barbara...there is an insert you can have custom-made for your Bertha. Unfortunately, we don't sell them on Amazon, but we do have them on our website. If you would like to purchase a Bertha, please go here:
The Highest stop of the platform is at a level with the top of the cabinet surface. If your machine is agree arm style, you need to set the stop for regular sewing (flat surface) below the surface level of the cabinet. When you maneuver the lift to its maximum height, you can use the free arm status of your machine. The plastic insert for flat sewing will accommodate most machines. I have purchased two of these cabinets and have been very pleased with their versatility!
Your machine should fit, but here's the official answer from Arrow: "The opening and platform of the cabinet will accommodate sewing machines that are no larger than 22-9-16" wide, 11-3/4" front to back, and 14" tall. Please measure your machine and include knobs, plugs, etc. that extend beyond the body of machine." Hope this helps! If you would like to order a Bertha, please go to:
Hi, Theresa! When measuring your sewing machine...please remove the embroidery unit and any accessory trays from the free arm area. This allows the machine to move up and down the platform and fit correctly. The custom insert (optional accessory) is used to cover the gap between the machine top and sewing surface of the machine. Hope this helps! If you'd like to order a Bertha, please go to:
The things you see in the pics are bins, not drawers. They attach to the inside of the doors. This is a very nice cabinet, my wife loves it.
I don't know about a "sewing kit organizer" The trays that you attach to the doors works to organize your sewing notions (sissors, needles, etc)
I am sure "Arrow" company will gladly send you a set of instructions. Maybe you could also on their web site find the necessary instructions.
Scott, Besides Cherry, the Bertha is available in White and Oak. To order a Bertha, please go to:
I would think so. I put mine on but don't have much other good storage. If you have other adequate storage then I would leave them off and you wouldn't have your items showing in the trays just a nice clean door.
The bag supports my 24 lb metal machine. The bag is suitable for car travel,not for shipping. No additional straps on the inside. A lighter machine may need to be anchored.
Sorry, I don't know. Check the dimensions of the machine against the dimensions of the bag. I'm not familiar with that particular Brother machine and how big it is.
I am not at home to give exact numbers. but bag is excellent! I think it is good for any (again ANY) sawing machine, including overstiching machine. Zipper is deap, you will be able to put in/out any machine. pocket is also big (but not bulky) for additional items, as electric cords, etc.
I suspect it is a substitute since it has no insignia markings and came modestly packaged. But it works great.
Probably. It works wonderfully with my sapphire 850.
Make sure you put the foot dogs down (the things that move your fabric). Set your stitch length to "0". Practice on a scrap. I used fabric with batting between (similar to quilt). Practice how fast you move it to gauge your stitch. The foot will bounce up and down, but that is what it's supposed to do. Good Luck!
This open toe is the correct foot for the Viking. There is one by another company with a shorter bar on the top, the part that sits on the meddle screw is not the correct one. This one is good.
Yes it will work in the Lily 555.
Yes it will. Thanks Sewingmachineoutlet
All I can tell you is that it fit my husqvarna viking emerald 183.
If you r Viking has a clip on for feet and is a low shamk. It works on my sapphire 830.
I would check your machine manual, I have a husvarna Viking, So I can't answer this for you
I don't know, but would check the Viking website for more info. Good luck!
I've had a Kenmore and these bobbins will work. These are the most common of bobbins.
I have a DC2010 and they work perfectly. They should work for yours as well :)
These appear to be a universal bobbin. I am using them in two Brother machines with good results.
No.
They are the same as a class 66
these are generic bobbins and dont fit snuggly in machine. i have a different brother and bought these because they said they were the same style. they made an awful noise rattling in my machine and my stitches were less even. refer to your machine's manual and buy name brand. its worth it
These are made in Hong Kong and take several weeks to arrive. They work in my Kenmore very well. I believe they are made to work in Janome, Brother and many others. Cost and quality are very good, just slow shipping.
If the Janome bobbins are all the same, they will work. They work in my Janome, but I don't know the model number.
i don`t know i`m lucky that it had my machine on there kenmore. i just started sewing so i`m really sorry i can`t help you. look at the page that they are on and it says what kind of machine they fit. i hope that helps. iv`e only been sewing a couple months
Whether they fit or not, these bobbins are crap! Not worth a cent. I have a sewing school and thought I'd buy them as they'd fit my machines, which are also made by Janome. They were warped, broke easily and were yellowed, like the plastic was old. Do not buy these! By these other ones on Amazon, Link: http://amzn.com/B0038RAYL2. They will fit in your machine. I don't work for anyone who makes bobbins, just in case you want to know. I am trying to save you from a bad purchase. Your machine, as many machines now, use a class 15 bobbin. But, make sure, if you buy a bobbin labeled as a class 15, that you do not choose one that has a flat top/bottom. There are some class 15 bobbins that have a thinner edge and they are smaller than the ones I recommend and will not feed well when you use them. I hope this helps you.
I have a big kick but my friend who own a cuttlebug does use my magnetic plate and just has to add and subtract cardboard sheets. So plate A then magnetic plate then die with cutting side up, cardstock and sheets of cardboard or or plate b and/or c. you will just have to experiment with your machine. My friend and I consider ourselves quite the ticket when we get the right sandwich. Good luck and have fun.
Nope, I've had my Cuttlebug and used Spellbinders with it, without this magnet, just fine for over two years. I only bought this recently cause I thought it would help keep things in place. The Spellbinders dies even include instructions for CuttleBug sandwiches. You can also find hints and tips on youtube for this. I love using Spellbinders with my Cuttlebug.
I have the Big Shot so can't specifically answer your question. I can tell you that this magnetic plate is quite worthless. What I do love is the new Sizzix Magnetic Platform. Much more expensive, but worth it.
Yes!
It is very thin and yes can be cut
It is about 1/16"
hi yes it does. you may need a piece of paper for a shim to get the right fit.
Yes it does
No younger than 8 due to complexity of setting up and operating machine. Wonderful beginners' machine, but still requires maturity of handling machine with care and respect.
I have only used this machine on lightweight cottons so far. You may have to adjust the tension if your jeans are very heavy.
No it does not. You have to use the bobbins that comes with the machine,but if you want my advice, stay away from this piece of crap.
There really isn't much of a users manual. But if the tread is stuck is most likely the threading of the needle. If you work the wheel back-and-forth and The thread is threaded correctly it should work fine.
A LOT BOBBINS MORE THAN ENOUGH!!!!!
The SINGER Pixie Plus craft machine does have a top drop-in bobbin. You might find it helpful to view the video clips (they can be found on the left side of the screen) on the Amazon site. Here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002FJWP52?ref_=pe_527950_119438850
It comes with it
The light is always on when I start the machine. I've never had any problems with flickering.
You can log onto Singer Sewing Machines web site, and type in the Pixie-Plus Craft Machine and they will show you the parts you can order.
I'm not sure you would want the pen for doing glitter. It's got the tip of a ball point pen and a good amount of blue watery glue comes out. Best for use on strips of paper. I use a glue stick for glitter...........or........ colored "glitter glue". Martha Stewart does have another glue pen with a wider felt tip that might be better for your loose glitter, but it will take a while to dry. Personally would use something like a 3M clear -tube glue stick or get the Glitter Glue tubes with the colored glitter already in it.
The bond is great on paper. I haven't had any peeling corners after several years. I honestly have only used the glue pen on paper items, pictures, die cuts, acrylic gem stones, fabric flowers, that type of stuff. I don't know what your trying to glue together but hot glue really shouldn't be used on paper, it is far too hot and will leave a lump where it is applied. The glue pen is also acid free so it won't cause browning and the paper wont break down over time. Hot glue can crack over time and break apart. If you can provide a bit more information about your project and what your trying to glue together, I can try to help with what adhesive you should use.
I think it would be, maybe give them a paper plate to practice on first, so they can get the feel of the flow of the glue. If they squeeze the blub that makes the glue come out too hard it will glob up or I guess puddle would be a better term. It's like writing with a ballpoint pen. I usually squeeze the blub, write on a plate or piece of paper for a letter or two and then continue writing on my protect. Also, you don't need much of the glue on the object for fine grain glitter to stick. The glue comes out blue then dries clear so you know exactly where you wrote. I did almost 100 Christmas cards in less than an hour. How this helped!
It isn't refillable
It is not refillable
I have never used it for embossing but don't know why you couldn't, I am using it for small felt parts that are difficult to blanket stitch
Try pushing down on it, up and down, several times. I think that is how you release the glue.
Hello, Steve...I would not recommend this product for that use. I think this job needs a stronger product like Weld Bond or Tacky Glue that comes in several kinds: Clear Gel, Original, Extra Hold, etc. my first choice for wallpaper would be Weld Bond. You could build a house with this adhesive. Hope this helps. Have a great Monday....Linda
Yes, perfectly!
There are no refills, you just throw it away when it's empty. It does last quite a while though.
Hi Kathleen there are 3 tips included with the punch they are stored on the handle.It is one of the best tools I have bought I use it to punch holes in templates for my machine embroidery designs.Would recommend it I would be lost without it.I bought 2 one for home and one for my kit that I take to workshops.Regards Carol
The three hole sizes are 4mm 3mm 2mm hope this helps
Works great and on most materials. Use a self healing mat under your project. &#128077;
It will cut through cardboard, fabric, thin wood and leave cut marks on my table. I'm sure it will cut through felt. It's a handy gadget. I'm as is fixed with the results. It has various sized circles to use which are kept in the handle for storage.
I'm pretty sure it will. I tried it on heavy stencil plastic and it went right through.
No. The bottom of the drawers measure approximately 9 1/2" W x 13 1/2" L, and they are almost 3" deep. The sides of the drawers flare out so that the measurements are approximately 10 1/2" W x 14 1/2" L. They are quite sturdy, and can hold some pretty heavy items like jars and tools, and they slide out easily, so that they can be carried as trays to a working location.
I love this thing. The product description has the correct dimensions.:)
Metal top
Deep enough,yes,but not sturdy at all.And,if you DO get this? It is a nightmare to put together,very sharp edges and the plastic,being very brittle,arrived with several of the drawers chipped and the edges were broken off.After I did put it together,I just kept it,even tho it was not worth even half of what I paid.I would NOT recommend this item. Save your money,and buy something that you can see BEFORE you buy it.By the looks of the item,you would think,"Ooh,perfect!" but,it is anything but..I sliced several knuckles open putting this thing together,because I just hate to just give up on things.So,if you get this thing?Have lots of bandages around.Some peroxide too,probably..
The drawers do not have lids, they are all open on top.
The wheels are a breeze to put on. They are on pegs that you slide inside the legs. You don't have to put them on there I guess if you don't want to. It was very easy to put together even with the wheels.
I don't know if that fits this machine. I don't have that machine.
I don't know I ordered it for a 9110 and it did not work. Good luck.
You have to compare the end of the cord to the shape of your socket on the machine.
It did not work for me. But for the money I thought I would give it a try.
Any
The product description said that it will fit your 7462 singer machine. But I really don't know I got it for my brother's sewing machine. But if you read the product description for the cord it says that it will.
I am not sure. Reference your machine's user manual and checking the part / serial number. I would suggest going on Singer's website (I think the address is www.singer.com) and download your Singer's user manual, if you do not already have one.
My machine is a 7470 and this cord fits it. I'm not sure about your model.
7/8 of an inch
Fits Singer models 2302, 2303, 2304, 2315, 2330, 2440, 2502, 2503, 2504, 2515, 2517, 2530, 3270, 3314, 3317, 3343, 4528, 4622, 4830, 5017, 5028, 5040, 5050, 5417C, 5430, 5430C, 5705, 5710, 57815, 57817, 57820, 57825, 5802, 5805, 5806, 5808, 5810, 5812, 5814, 5816, 5817, 5818, 5820, 5825, 5828, 5830, 5838, 6100, 6102, 6104, 6105, 6106, 6110, 6120, 6130, 6136, 6146, 6152, 6156, 6174, 6184, 6210, 6211, 6212, 6214, 6215, 6217, 6221, 7136, 7146, 7184, 7186, 7211, 7212,7444, 8770, CG500, CG550, CG590, CM17, FM17, FM22, HD102, HD105, HD110 and SM14. Also will fit low shank screw-on models you can check this one out for the 160 Hi! I found this on eBay and thought you might like it! Check it out now! SINGER Rolled Roll Hem Hemming Foot Fits 160 Limited Edition L500 http://r.ebay.com/5b3x62
I'm fairly sure the Singer 9420 is a slant shank so this is definitely not the right foot for your machine. If the 9420 is not a slant shank, then there may be something wrong with the foot itself. I have an upright shank and the foot does sit very slightly upward using this rolled hem foot, but definitely not at any severe angle as to cause an issue feeding fabric through.
I don't know. It fits and works well on my Singer.
Yes
It might. You have to press the hem first and I think if u put the wire into the pressed hem and then let it feed through the gap, it just might work. If u look on utube for how to sew rolled hem with singer rolled hem foot, you should find out how this foot really works. Best of luck to you.
The description says it will fit any home machine. My suggestion would be to look at how your presser feet attach and see if it looks like this one. It's only a couple dollars so it may be worth the risk of trying.
Sorry I have no answer to that . Mine is a singer
Sorry, Pam, I have no idea. I plan to...hopefully. ..use it with Babylock and Brother. I've never used one before and am excited to try it. Good luck. Or, get one and send it back if it doesn't work.
I believe it makes an 1/8" hem. I love mine. I made curtains and it was the perfect size for the hem.
I have a Singer Curvy 8763 and the controller works great. Look under product details and it says which machines it is compatible with.
There is none. You need to look for Part#988275-003. Thank you.
I do not know. I only use it with my singer.
It fits. Thank you.
I don't know. I have a singer Confidence and it works. You have to check the part number with singer then compare with what's on Amazon. That's what I did.
No
yes
I have a 6180. It works fine!!!!
Yes
I doubt whether it will work.
Well, when I first ordered mine, it said date of delivery would be May 30. Then I got an email that said it would be JUNE 30. I wrote the seller, and told them to cancel the order because I didn't want them in a month, I want them now. Never heard back from them and order has not been cancelled. I looked up on the internet about the shipping company and it talks about how slow they are. I'm not accepting the order if it comes after tomorrow. This seller is awful.
I like Boye hooks because of the pointed head. Bates are kind of square and not good for small stitches. Use what with you are comfortable with.
The aluminium crochet hook set was the best purchase I made they are of great quality and strong, remember when you crochet you can't make pressure because your fingers aft the end of the day r going to hurt
2.0, 2.5, 3.0, 3.5, 4.0, 4.5, 5.0, 5.5, 6.0, 6.5, 7.0, and 8.0 mm. To find the Letter sizes, you'll need to google a conversion chart. My set had 12 hooks.
Hello, thank you for your question. This item is sold by a seller. I would suggest contacting the seller directly regarding your order. For your convenience here is a link to use to contact the seller:
I bought it for my daughter. She told me they are much stronger than the plastic hooks. But acutually only some of the 12 are useful.
We only have the film in the 8 1/2 x 11 size.
Yes they work the same as shrinky dinks. I used colored sharpies and it worked great
Hi, You sure can! I did a little research and found most posts were in favor of using Judikins Diamond Glaze, which I sell separately. Sincere thanks, Lani 650-355-8964
Non permanent smear. Ive read you can use color pencils but that you have to texturize the sheets with sandpaper.
No, I do not smell anything or see any smoke. I get the best results in my toaster over.
This product will not work as a wrap.
No
If placed on an oven at 250 degrees, it will begin to curl Nd shrink in about one minute. After about 3 or 4 minutes it will stop shrinking and flatten down, having shrunk to about 1/3 of original size. It has not melted, just shrunk.
I am not sure, but I don't think so.Sorry
It is stiff enough to stand upright when held vertically from the bottom (it does not flop over). I wouldn't call it 'extremely sturdy'. If wiggled it does make a quiet thunder like noise. Once heated it is a hard plastic.
They do not. The trays nestle and cover each other, and I use a separately purchased covered tray on top. The trays fit snugly, nothing should escape unless you dump the bag over.
I use the trays that go in the case to store my jewelry but it's kind of a hassle taking the trays in and out of the case to get to a sold jewelry piece. What works for me is I have the trays on a shelf with each tray labeled on the side and the case packed away for use when I need to bring my jewelry to a show. The trays are sold separately from this case so if you don't have them check around your area for anyone selling them for cheap then I'd check amazon :)
Hi Vanessa...no it does not. I found the jewelry cases cheaper in the sporting goods dept. at WalMart...look in the fishing tackle area.
smaller than I thought but works great for about 8 to 0 treys
I have 12 of the standard trays in this case.
no trays with the case. just as a caveat, i found the case a little flimsy. the feet weren't sturdy enough when the case was full and buckled under. i ended up returning it.
They come in sturdy plastic trays of 20. They all fit nicely together in a box, but there are no screw on caps that come in the smaller sets or singles. I love them.
The Pan Pastels come in 4 trays.
Colorfin is the company that developed and manufactures PanPastels.
The Pan pastels are very soft and are applied with small foam applicators. They need to be used with Art Spectrum sanded paper for good results. They cover a large area very quickly and blend very nicely. Pastel sticks can be used with them for adding detail which is hard to do with the pan pastels. You have to experiment with them at first to get the feel of them but they are very nice and produce fantastic paintings. This youtube video might be helpful understanding Panpastels, "Misty Sunset" Painting Tutorial with Johannes Vloothuis
It is soft Pasten used on paper ant not made for fabric.
2"
Same thing. Colorfix is the name of the company that makes them.
Hi Beverley. Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time we do not process International orders through Amazon. I regret any inconvenience.
Yes, the applicators as seen in the photo are included.
You might want to check out Dick Blick online.
I basically use 24 and 26 gauge wire. The tools should be fine with larger gauge, but I would suggest getting a more heavy duty cutter for larger gauge.
They would qualify as regular sized jewelry tools, but probably small as regular tools. As a basis for comparison, the needle-nose measure 4-3/4". All appear to be the same size as sold in most beading stores.
Set includes ergo chain nose, round nose, side cutter, nylon jaw flat nose, crimping plier, knot cutter, knotting tweezer, split ring tweezer, scoopeez and a leatherette carry case.
It is what I used to teach myself how to make sterling silver jewelry, which can be quite unforgiving. It took a little practice but I love this set. It has been one of my best purchases in tools toward this venture.
I am not sure but it sounds like you are holding the pressure on the crystal too long. Before I try to attach the crystals I try to experiment with a couple on a similar fabric to get the feel. One thing I really like is using the special sticky paper and make my design then I have a small mangler and heat the whole picture on which also prevents the crystal from melting. Oh by the way, if you use the sticky paper make sure you have something in between the garment or you will glue the front and back together, happened to me. Good luck.
2mm/6ss, 3mm/10ss, 4mm/16ss, 5mm/20ss, 7mm/34ss, 4mm Flat and 9mm flat.
Are you using the right crystals? They should only be the "hotfix" or have adhesive that will activate with the heating tool. I bought some crystals from the craft store thinking they would work but when they kept melting I realized they actually had adhesive stickers in the back. After that no more melted crystals
Depends, if you are buying it from Amazon.com or Amazon.co.uk is the biggest clue. Only stuff bought from .co.uk will be 240v. You can get inverters though that let you step up or step down the power, but they can get pricey. Good luck:)
ss16 tip will be too big to pick up. You could try adding the crystal on the 16ss tip youself but will only add even more work. I'm kind of new to all of this but I'm wondering if you can place your crystal and use one of your flat tips right on top of the crystal. In my learning process I have learned a lot and one of the things I have learned is the the smaller the crystal you use the more sparkle, bling (I hate that word lol) you will achieve. I have learned an ss10 is good and use and ss8 as a filler. This rhinestone setter actually has an ss10 tip. Also, its a bit tricky at 1st but after the 3rd try I decided I actually liked it. Its just a bit tricky in the beginning. For some reason a crystal will get stuck so have a needle or toothpick handy so you can pull out the crystal. Today I'm going to be using glue on another project and hope for the best. I'm not sure I was of any help. I wish you much luck.
Not sure how you want to use it, but it works fine as described in product description. I use it for attaching Hotfix Iron On Studs and it does a great job. It is just a tiny iron and only needs 110 volts to work.
Sounds like a short. Send it back
Sounds like a lot of fun. However, This wand is designed to melt pre-fixed glue on the back of a rhinestone. I do not recommend this wand for use around children. It reaches a very hot temperature and can cause severe burns if it touches the skin. This wand gets as hot, if not hotter than a hot glue gun. I recently did craft projects with a group of 4-6 years old. We used double stick tape and a non-toxic craft glue for the glitter and stones. I hope this helps you for your decision. I will add some positive issues with this wand. It comes with a variety of sizes of adaptors for stone application. It has an on-off switch. The wand heats up the hot-fix stones well enough for them to adhere very well to fabrics.
It should not because the setting is heating up the rhinestone to melt the rhinestone's glue. When you set the stone on your fabric, its pretty much just the glue that touches the fabric and not the setter. You don't need to hold the stone down on the fabric if they glue is completely melted - so the time the setter touches the fabric (if it does and not just the glue on the stone) is very short if at all.
I borrowed another type from a friend before I bought this one...both worked fine, did the job...they all are pretty much the same...just be sure you get all the different sized tips for different sized crystals.
Yes, that's exactly what I use it for.
If you store the thread tray in an ArtBin 6990AB Super Satchel Double Deep Box, you can stack them. Great solution for space saving!
Yes and I highly recommend! That's exactly what I use them for ... along with the super-satchel double deep box (by ArtBin 6990AB). Perfect for storing serger thread! The double-deep boxes are stackable so takes up less space for storing your thread/fabric. Enjoy!
No, it does not.
No, it will not. However, they don't tell you that. I did write a review earlier that the tray serger thread holder is not tall enough for the Madeira serger threads, but I purchased one at Joann's that although not tall enough is wide enough to hold numerous threads of any shape and size. Sorry, I no longer have the specific name for this holder, but just browse Joann's plastic notion containers and you will surely find it.
My serger threads came from my local store, SureLock from Coats 3,000 yds. and they fit just fine. Mine are about 4 3/4" high from base to the top of the cone. I love the insert and it fits in the matching satchel or whatever it is called. Keep the threads neat and upright. I store mine vertically to save space in my closet. Hope this does help you decide whether to purchase this. I am about to order a 2nd as I have more serger thread than when I purchased the original.
I have not been able to store mini-king thread cones. Regular spools do fit. I have not been able to find any container that will hold the mini-kings. Rather annoying.
It is a V-belt, length is difficult since its installed, but the sewing machine I have is 5" center to center for the pulleys with a .75" pulley and a roughly 3" pulley...
SINGER 329K 329 K SEWING MACHINE ORIGINAL RUBBER 15" BELT 7-1/2" DOULBLED UP o $15.95 o Buy It Now o o From United States
Yes
no for a treadle you need a 68" to 72" leather belt
No this belt is not stretchy, it is similar to the original belt. Good Luck
I believe so. Go to the Singer website and look at the parts list and usually all universal belts will fit. I found this one to match my Singer perfectly.
Don't quite understand the question. It's Typical Velcro so one soft fiber strands and the other is the hard side. Nothing unusual & works well.
15 sets of one front and one back
I guess it depends...they aren't completely flat but I can tell you I use them for name tags in my classroom and you can't tell it's not flat unless you touch them...I hope that helps...
Yes but after a while they dont longer stick i pt gorilla glue on the bottom again
I wouldn't count on them to hold on fabric very much. You'd need to sew them on to re-enforce them. They work great on plastic shelves and laminated labels! (What I'm using them for.)
yes
No issues at all. Product works great. Where used, are still hanging
I think they could get wet. I would not was them in a washing machine but they stick pretty well to the wall and we use them a lot.
I do not think it was made for that, it won't make through a wash but maube for a dolls clothes. I used it to hang picture frames (cardboard) on a wall and they work very well.
magnets would attach to the fridge without velcro. Don't waste your money for that!
to be honest, depending on what your bumper surface is like, you'll probably have fair to poor results, this stuff worked wonders when I used it to apply stickers to my windshield (ex. parking stickers) with static and no adhesive (I hate the idea of that residue being there permanently when that sticker expires), but the bumper isn't like glass so I think with that application wouldn't be the best choice
You know, I bought it because I thought it was inkjet compatible, but it is NOT. It's not very sticky, but I just tried putting it over a photo on our fridge and it did manage to stay up.
Both sides are the same. This works great on my clear stamping blocks!
Yes and that's the only reason I bought these. Works perfectly with the Sunpass sticker and can take it off if needed. I haven't tried sticking anything outside the car window.
I think it will. It probably will not hold up over time if it's handled a lot but with one sheet you can make enough to last a while.
Yes. That's exactly how I use mine.
It is transparent. Optical clear.
I'm not sure, but I think it would asit's like those decorations you can put on windows & use over & over again.Hope this helps you.
Yes
No
I would say yes, it will. I have 2 Singers, a Simple, 3116 and a Singer 7258, and it fits both. I bought this because I misplaced the original that came with the machine. Happy sewing.
i bought mine's for a singer merritt bought in 1990 and it did not fit
Yes. I bought the same one and it worked for mine.
Since this is a machine manufactured by brother, I think so. This is a clip on item, which most of the brothers' (who made the machine) machines use. You must have a low shank machine with the screw on attachment that allows you to use the clip on attachments. This is a really old machine, one of the first programmable. If you lose the computer, you are sunk. Make sure it is protected from surges and HOT weather.
The foot snaps on, am not sure about this model no. Mine is a Singer Advance, model 7422. If I were guessing, I would guess that it would fit any Singer machine.
Yes
Yes.
Yes
Yes.
I have no idea. It is an OEM foot for standard Singer sewing machines, I don't know if sergers use the same foot. You could probably get a part number for the standard foot for your machine from Singer's web site, if you no longer have the paper manual.
My Viking feet do not fit on this singer shank.
my machine is a low shank... it ?might fit a slant shank. ask the seller that if it doesn't fit, check to see if you can return it... sorry for not a better answer. Mandy
I have to screw on the different attachments to the Singer, so I would think it would work. The screw that holds it on is on the left hand side of the needle. Does this help?
Try looking here:
Looks short. Mine is 1 1/8"' tip to tip
I have absolutely no idea. Sorry!
You should let it sit for 20 minutes before pressing the pieces together. It will go from a thick liquid to very tacky during that time. Be careful to get the alignment of the pieces right the first time because it's difficult to get them apart after they've been pressed together.
Barge glue is yellowish in color so no not clear, but if you are careful with putting it on say under a patch you will not see it at all
I wouldn't. I used it on shoe heels and was very disappointed.
It should, yes
so so
It bonds well but it isn't strong enough for heavy use. It is best used to bond leather together to allow you to lace it or see it.
I used it to glue cow leather to cow leather and it worked great. I would think goatskin is similar to cow skin, so I would hope it would be OK. It is what I would try if I were doing what you are doing.
We tried to glue a pair of Muck boots sole that came lose and was hoping it would fill in the gaps, etc. It did not work in our case. And it was a shoe repair place that recommended it. So maybe it was us. ??
I've used this product for years. Always has been and continues to be one of the best contact cements available.
Opened? Until it hardens and can no longer be squeezed out. Unopened? Eternity, I imagine.
Yes, all the machines that we sell are the newer models with the improved rolling action. Thanks, Oren Thanks, Oren
Yes it is. It has various dies that will make up units for 12-inch blocks.
They last a pretty long time...depends a lot on how much you use them and how many layers of fabric you cut at one time.
I've only had the large set since January 2014 so can't tell you about those dies. I have had some of the smaller dies for a couple of years. The 55018 die has been used for at least 3 pin wheel quilts and is still sharp. I've worn out the cutting mats and have had to replace the mats. The die could not be sharpened just because of the way it is made.
Go to the accuquilt web site. You get 9 dies plus 3 cutting mats. Its the same one they are selling for 578.00. I received mine thurs and I am very pleased. Shipping was fast.
Yes, they are the newest machines with the smoother rolling action. Thanks, Oren
This die was not included in the set I purchased. I have not tried it but if it is as well articulated as all my other dies (many) it should work out just fine. For your other question a rag quilt can be cut to any size or geometric shape. The method of piecing is the same for all. I have made several and I have a special cutting scissor for the fringe. I ruined two pair of good scissors making these quilts. It is spring loaded and easier on the hands, it is sold bY Janome. If you are going to make more than a few I would think the cutter is a good investment. The fringe is the most time consuming and difficult part of the assembly.
Yes, it cuts felt beautifully. However, I would limit it to no more than two layers at a time. I've also used it to card stock with it to make hexagon templates, again no more than two sheets at a time.
You receive several dies with the set. I have just had surgery, can't really share all the sizes, but you do receive enough to cut the size of blocks a person would want and need to quilt.
The Go is rated for 4-5 layers of quilting fabric. however, if you're using fusibles, that would be 3-4. If you're thinking about buying a Go, I'd suggest checking out YouTube. There are numerous videos that give basic information. I love mine!
These are not very sturdy. They are decorative more than functional. A dozen matchbox cars in some crinkles or tissue paper and a gift pail would be great. Storage for a gallon of matchbox cars might separate the bottom.
I don't think I would put liquid in it. We used it as a decoration for a teachers gift.
just 1
The bottom is the same as the top - metal.
yup
They each have 17 compartments. They are a 3 X 6 grid, but one is a double.
Yes, It's great because I can take out one tray, say with all different crystals and work with that. The cover holds all my tools and there is so much room on the outside pockets and back pockets to store lots of items, like wire, scissors, bigger items. Hope this helps.
No, they are all pre formed. Nothing is adjustable.
The containers can hold loose beads ( seed or decorative) . However , I put all .y beads in small clear bags. Like 1 1/4 x 2" little bags at bead stores. This way your beads will not spill and you can fit about 4 bags in each section. Small Delica / Toho tubes will fit if they are the real small ones . I like this system for when I travel. I can take many beads in varying sizes and the amount of each to do whatever project comes to mind. As I recall there are 80 spaces 1 5/8 x 2 1/4" .I hope this answers your question. :-) Carol
They are pretty small. I thought the compartments would vary in size, but mine are all the same. Reminds me of a tackle box.
They are pretty small. Don't have it with me but I would say about 1" square.
9x12x11
Red, green, blue, yellow, black and white.
1/16"" thick
Two
These are non-stick/not peel and stick.
No but I use them for everything they come in so many colors but u can use modge podge or a heat gun. I love these foam sheets
These foams sheets is like a polyfoam and is excellent to make many craft and school projects. Yes, I think is waterproof, safe, very handle and easy to work.
They're about .5 inches thick.
It's about as thick as tissue paper you get at the dollar store. It's alittle more delicate though.
Except for the fact that it's acid free, it is exactly like other tissue paper. If you use tissue for your photos, I guess this would work. I would use a thicker acid free paper, if it was my project.
We used this paper for protection of fine gold
sorry but I don't know
A mend machine is designed for quick and dirty repair work whereas a sewing machine is designed for more professional garment and fabric creation.
Sorry, absolutely not.
If the question was Is there a foot pedal? Then the answer is yes.
I would try E-Bay
It is plugged in to an outlet to receive power.
Yes
I would suggest maybe getting a strong pair of reading glasses or a magnifying glass to help you thread your needle. As for thread you can use any thread. I will admit the shorter spools work better but the regular work just fine.
Don't know what you mean? Mine stays in place. Do you have it threaded and wound correctly?
The two that I have purchased have not, at least that I am aware of. These were bought as gifts for my granddaughters and they have not said anything.
It is some what similar to the Pixie Plus but, the Singer Quickfix is much better to use because it's much easier to use.
About 5/16 of an inch.
I would guess about 1/4 cm x 1/2 cm. They are small but readable. Great depending on your objective.
I don't know. The numerals I purchased were one quarter inch square, clear background, black numeral.
You just get the one sheet that you see in the photo. they're super small....I got them to label small, oval metal tags to put onto baskets but I just used stamps & ink instead. I could mail you mine if you'd like for free...they'd fit in a regular envelope so there'd be no shipping
They are approx 3/16" I used them to mark the breaker numbers on a breaker box and they are perfect for that use.
The SM stickers measure 1/4 inch by 1/4 inch( or in millimeters 6.35 mm by 6.35mm )
I got one, but it was more of a pamphlet than a book. Online videos are much better at teaching you to airbrush than this book was.
You might have to adapt the air line but the masters seem to work really well with any compressor I've tried
Monica, I really don't see why not. I use this airbrush kit for all of my RC Models and I get great results. One key fact is that you cannot allow what ever you are spraying through the brush to dry before you clean the brush. I've never use it to paint food so I would assume that the food coloring that may be used, could have some form of sugar in it and if not properly thinned it could possibly gum up the mechanism. My suggestion is to make sure that the contents aren't to sugary and clean the brush thoroughly after use. I hope this helps you out. Take care, Ayl
Yes you can. We used it for make-up water base and silicon base.
Yes. The knob at the end can be screwed in or out as desired.
Absolutely, I almost use nothing but enamel paints. I strongly recommend the use of a respirator as well since you will be atomizing it.
My first questions would be how big is the doll and what type of paint do you use. If they are, say the same size as a Barbie doll to about 24" tall doll, this will be perfect. This air-brush comes with the .2 needle {for fine detail work} the .3 needle {for mid range} and .5 needle {large} I've sprayed both enamels and acrylics. Easy clean up, and needle change. The kit does come with everything you need, EVERYTHING. I myself use the .2 needle most of the time for my 1/48th scale model painting{styrene plastic} for camouflage,and some smaller pieces. I did purchase a second air-brush for clear coating. Fewer headaches, {less chance of cross contamination of paint} less chance of clogging. I do like all my Master series of air-brushes. But to be fair, I think the Point Zero air-brush is better. Model # PZ-260XS also a complete kit .2,.3,.5 needles,nozzles and cups. This can also do the same job, same connection as the Master. I prefer the Point Zero, softer trigger, better control, smoother paint flow, handles paint changes easier. At the price, and like I said having 2 {1 for painting,1 for clear coats} is a better way to go. IF YOU CLEAR COAT. If you just need one, I'd say the Point Zero kit. I hope this is not tooo long winded an answer, and does help. One side note if you need to purchase a compressor, be sure to get one with a reservoir tank. All the best of luck.
It holds the air and will be needed. This gun is good for many different project and I have been able to spry really thin lines with it. You just have to make sure the air pressure is set to the proper setting like 15 psi,20 etc in order for it to work right. Too much or too little air can and will effect the quality of your work.
I ordered a set out of TCP Global, and it came with the Master Airbrush Air Compressor Model TC-20T. A small compressor, but it has plenty of pressure, to power air brushes. It wont however, air up your tires.
I have not used it with model paints but I belive it would. I have used it with enamel paints, acrylic paint, and food coloring. They all worked well.
The 1/4" should be on the outside edge of the presser foot. This will give you perfect "1/4" seam allowances.
It is supposed to fit any "snap on" type singer I believe. I don't think it's a true l/4," though. I think it's a bit wider...think I will go back to using masking tape to mark that spot!
This is a snap on foot. Not sure if it will fit other machines. Mine is a singer.
I believe all the "parts" are adjustable for all the Singers. I bought my 1/4 foot and it didn't have a model # but it was a Singer product and it works perfectly. My machine is a 9960 and also does embroidery.
Sorry I gave everything I bought including the sewing machine as a gift, so I can't help you with your question.
Check Singer parts list and it should tell you what is compatible.
Go and look at http://www.sewingmachinesplus.com/singer-foot-321417008-p.php You will see the same foot as the one on Amazon. It should be the same foot.
Not as good as the one I use for my other sewing machine. The other one has a piece that goes below the foot that stops the fabric from going past 1/4 inch.
Hi Senovia, I am not sure about your model but if it uses is a low shank, snap on presser foot, this should work. I hope this helps. Celeste
Hi Linda - It depends on the shank or your machine if it is a low snap on,it will fit. Fine out what shank your machine is,low,high or a low snap on. I hope I have helped you.
It does fit but uncertain if you'll need a power converter/adaptor for Australia.
Look at your sewing machine to see if the placement of the Foot Pedal holes are the same spacing as your machine where it plugs in.
Yes, it's the same
Check out this web site for your foot presser for your Singer 401a Slant-O-Matic = sewingpartsonline.com The parts are all reasonably priced.
yes this the right one.
yes it includes the pedal
I don't really know, i didn't know if was going to fit my sewing machine but i checked the shaped in the outlet of my machine, just make sure if the corners are rounded or squared
This foot controller and power cord works on my Heavy Duty 1525 machine. Make sure it is is Singer marked others did not work wrong configuration on plug end.
Mine doesn't
The sources I checked for you does not show that this will work with your model machine.
No it is not but I believe it can be modified to be automatic like most paintball markers.
I've read around 150 feet... not quite sure. mine is being shipped as we speak. I'm still wondering what kind of barrel is best besides the stock. What size, What brand, etc is what I'm interested in. I love to have more than 1 barrel at my disposal. idk, that's just me tho.
I have an apex2 on my Empire Bt delta and it does give me better accuracy
Its a tad heavier than a tippman but it shouldn't be big for a 10 yr old, unless he is smaller than average kids at that age. Other than that if he is beginning paintball he should atleast play with the tippman 98 custom because it's durable and there are less problems with it. Not trying to lure you away from this gun, which this one is indeed amazing too
the clip is the square looking part in the middle of the gun (on this gun pulls out and holds tools for maint and repairs ) If you don't have experience in paint ball guns you want to put the paint balls in the hopper not the clip like a real gun. Hope this helps Adam W.
No it does not come with ammo.
I donknow about the silencer but yes it comes how it looks
It comes just as shown. I believe you would have to buy a different barrel to apply a silencer
Yes, very durable throughout all weather types, only issue with this particular model was that the grip broke off. I also own the Alpha Black Tactical edition as well as the Basic Alpha Black model. Great markers
No it's c02, you can try to look for one but this particular one is not.
This particular gun doeant hurt that bad. But u can play with the fps on it and make it shoot further and harder. Ive added some mods to mine and I can knock a tin can off a kids head at a little further than a football field long
Yes you did. It's the same as the Tippman 98 custom, just with a different look. The only problem I had with it was the bi-pod is very cheap. I ended up taking it off to play with it. Other than that you will be very happy with it.
I have one as well as a X7 Phenom, and a Custom 98 Platinum, if you are a scenerio player or a beginner this is a great gun for you solid body, extremely upgradable, and easy to maintain, and it preforms great right out of the package. The extra rails are handy for things like red dot lasers or flashlights but you will probably only get those if you are more into scenerio games, really the only 2 immediate upgrades I would get would be the cyclone Hopper and an e-trigger (NOT the response trigger) and maybe an Apex 2 barrel.
It's a really good gun and shoots pretty far and it's accurate I use it all the time great gun for close and long range
I love the scope
The scope isn't that good
Yes
Accuracy is pretty good for about 200 feet but that's with good paint and no wind, only other thing to increase range and accuracy is an apex barrel for a scenario gun. Good paint is always a huge part. Bad paint makes balls fly every where and let's face it were not playing at a stripclub
I have the two refills. I have inked about 3 heavy black 11x17 illustrations, and quite a few 'sketches' and have still not really run out of the first insert. It's probably low, but I would have to say, running out of ink depends on how heavy handed you are, so far the brush rights itself nicely as long as it's wet with ink, straight and not curved, etc.. I'd hazard buying one and trying it out, as it is the lesser expensive alternative, and I've seen a lot of artists using them. :)
it only takes one http://www.amazon.com/Pentel-Pocket-Brush-Refills-FP10BP6A/dp/B00579OG36/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1406739776&sr=8-1&keywords=pentel+brush+pen+refills everything else will ruin the pen
I have tried this pen with watercolors and had no issues. I used bristol board when I did this, may want to give the ink a good amount of hours to set before testing it out. If you look in the description, it does say that the ink IS permanent and water/ fade resistant, so unless you go super crazy with the water to the point the paper is coming apart, you should be just fine :)
It seems to be. I just made a brush stroke and let it dry for a minute. Then I used a water-wet brush over the line and it did not dilute the line or smear it. After multiple passes over the line with the brush, it did not dilute or smear. However, if I use my thumb and smudge, it starts to smear. I would say if you have a light touch, maybe one or two passes of watercolor would be okay. If you really saturate the page with water and use instruments stronger than a brush (like your finger), you might see some line infidelity and dilution. Cheers.
Yes. I have 25+ years experience with inking, and use this pocket brush extensively. It yields a very thick, opaque black.
Pentel makes a six-pack of refills cartridges. See: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00579OG36/ref=sr_ph?ie=UTF8&qid=1425380608&sr=1&keywords=pentel+refill
would probably work
no
This pen has a soft tip that creates beautiful thin or bold lines, it should be able to give nice hand lettering style but it is also difficult for us to say it "WILL or WILL NOT" match to VRSLY. Best thing is buy one and try it.
. I believe it would be a good, affordable option.
It should come as one piece; but if it's at the end of a roll, I've had pieces sent to me which I returned.
I used this to make a fleece blanket, but it does have some stretch to it. The material is very similar to that of my fleece pajama pants so I would think that is is suitable to use for lounge wear. I hope this helps!
Yes, that is what I bought it for :)
Yes you get all 3 views
This is a pattern for someone who can sew. If it does not have snaps for waist of fly. The maker can alter the design for these additions.
If I am not mistaken it came in one size...This is not the actual item but a sewing pattern
No drop seat on this pair of pajamas.
I am 6'1", 220 pounds. I just made this last week, and I went with the Xl size. It fits pretty well. If I had to do it again, I'd lenghten the arms by about two inches, but other than that, it's good. Oh, and I wear a size 12 shoe, and the feet are fine, alittle snug, but fine.
i don"t know i return it
It's not to extra thick. I used one on top of the other to make the no sew blankets (the ones with the knots) and it's pretty warm. So it's not to thick but thick enough if that helps.
It was - pure white
Hi, If you put 15 in the quantity box you will be sent one solid piece of 15 yards. Thanks
Yes
yes its hairy if it was me i would look for something else
Yes. It is a little thinner than Polar fleece.
Yes we can .
This fabric is 58" wide. One yard would be a piece 58" by 36". The yard is the length. If you wanted two yards the piece would be 58" by 72".
We have been using these since August 2013 and have had no issues with them so far. When I first got them in I thought they would be too long to go into the headliner in our 96 Camero but when my husband put them in he said they worked fine. It has been 3 months and I don't foresee any problems. Can't make any promises though.
What is your question?
I don't believe they would twist into wood.
Two.
Yes they are. Twist on, twist off. Perfect for keeping a slipcover in place.
It is some kind of metal, nickel? steel?
Mine came with 30.
yes, if the sofa is damaged already; will hold a slipcover very nicely. I will use mine with crochet arm/neck protectors. I would not use on new leather as these do punch holes....
A couch cover yes, but these are a spiral pin that pushes in to fabric. These are not like nails or brads that you would put into wood.
I've only used them to hold a chair protector on a recliner chair but they have worked very well for me. I am no longer constantly having to readjust it every time I sit or get up. I imagine you could also use them to keep wayward sheets pinned at the bottoms and sides of a mattress depending on the kind of mattress you have. They are like tiny screws that go into the material and backing of the furniture to keep various types of covers in place. Hope this helps.
Yes. Are you doing a blanket?
I think so.
It would be 60" by 20 yards.. Hope this helps.
Fabric did not seem to stretch. Made a tie blanket with it and it worked fine. Didn't notice any stretch.
Yes
yes, in fact that's one of the reasons I bought it. and I love that you can take the drawers out. I have 2 of these, and use them for stamps, paper and stamp pads - but of course they filled up pretty quick and I have overflow (maybe you can relate) these are really great !
I think if you left off the wheels on the bottom, you could literally stack them, but no way to attach the two units, except for some packing tape or something. They would not lock into each other.
There's not a solid back, but there is a stopper built up behind each drawer so that it won't push through. The drawers won't go past where they're flush with the back of the frame.
It will probably hold as much paper as you can put in each drawer, the wheels are not tiny. I have crystals in mine.
Open-top drawers. Do NOT order them through this seller though (see my review for why).
No it wouldn't nicely. I have some paper that size but it lifts up in the drawer to curve the edges
Yes, that is with the caster wheels. Mine fits under a 30" desk with room to spare.
The drawers are just about 3 inches deep
I don't know, I have prime membership so I don't pay attention, but I cannot imagine it would be more than 20 pounds for the organizer and shipping box.
No, they don't.
It's like a magnet that goes on your car. It's metallic on the color side and magnet on the other side. It's about 3" by 6". It's stiff though and not flexible.
it's about 3-4 inches wide. probably 2-3 inches high. I use it just to keep people from walking through my screen door.
Not sure about windows or doors. The magnets might work on a single pane window. Possibly use some kind of mild adhesive as an alternate option. Good luck. They work great on sliding screen doors!
As a seamstress,not very well. I purchased them for other use.
No but the quality of the scissors is exceptional
blade is 3 1/2 inches
I'm sorry but there are no markings on the sissors and I threw away the packaging
Has a classroom teacher I know that very few traditional scissored work well for south paws. But these scissors are designed so that they could be used easily by left or right handed persons. They cut sharp and clean The price is great.
exactly what you see is a straight sissor. they come in various lengths and is the most popular for everyday use. other examples is a veriety of tailor sissors some rounded or a pinking shears for material so the ends don't fray.
In mine there were six. However some were not the same weight of fabric.
6 blocks 18" x 18". You can click on the picture itself and it will enlarge the picture
you get 6 quilt blocks, which is enough to make a lap quilt. Although that item says its actually the pillowcases not the quilt blocks you would be buying.
It works well. It works really well as long as the chalkboard is clean. When you shake it and press down the tip the ink comes out fluidly and makes writing on a chalkboard really easy. This pen writes really clearly too, straight and crisp, no smears. HOWEVER, when you wipe it off with a rag, it MUST BE DRY. If the liquid is not dry then it will smear horribly. So if you plan on teaching or something with it, where you erase often without time between, I'd reconsider. Instead get one of those pen holder things that hold chalk and make it like writing with a pen.
I guess you can write, the issue I had with this marker was that it was impossible to erase what I wrote, I had to paint over it... Not so convenient !!!
Not recommended. Works best on chalkboard. Doesn't even work very good on paper...on fabric...I would say no.
The tip on this marker is 6mm.
It takes a wh8le to get the paint down to to tip....shake like crazy and push down to fill tip and try that. If you had used it before it may need done again. Otherwise maybe it dried out.
i think it may work. it is a white marker. i am not 100% certain that it will work on steel but i think it will. sorry i couldn't be more definite.
I'm using the white chalk marker and it came off using a wet rag. Is your surface an actual chalk board?
I tried to use them on a chalkboard sign as a program for my wedding-the pen did not work at all, it dried almost clear. We ended up grabbing some paint pens last min.
Yeah, should work just fine.
i would assume so
It may seep through the seems, it is a fairly firm plastic. Cleanup may be the biggest problem since the cut-outs are fragile. I have cleaned it only with a soft spray of water.
Yes the stencil is easily bendable & flexible.
The white part! The black areas of the stencil are solid.
I'd say no. It's a normal stencil but fairly complicated.
You can purchase Embird Software and you will be able to take any image, logo, clip art, etc and digitize it into the embroidery format and then upload it to your machine via a usb stick.
The machine will allow you to use your own designs as long as they are PES or DST files. But to create your own designs you would need software that you can digitize a design and then import. Brother sells software or there are numerous apps available online. But this machine will not let you digitize directly on the machine itself. I think Brothers version of a machine that does that is the Duetta - far, far from the price point of the PE770.
The machine does not operate hooked up to a computer. You load any new embroidery patterns (any that did not come with the machine) from a USB memory stick so your operating system is irrelevant. You would download embroidery patterns onto a memory stick and then plug the memory stick into the embroidery machine. The only time your operating system would be relevant was if you purchased software to make your own embroidery patterns. Hope this helps.
Same exact machine, however for the difference in price, you get two extra hoops, a starter kit with thread, and a disc with extra designs. But, machine comparison, they are the same. It's up to you whether you want to spend the extra money now, or buy the extra items as you need them. Either way, it's a great machine.
Sadly (if you're on a budget at all), the next step up I believe is the Brother 1250...a gorgeous machine, but runs about $1700. Not available at Amazon; I think you have to buy it from a dealer. I want exactly the same thing, but not to spend that much on a hobby I only do once in awhile. I ordered the Singer Futura XL-400 because it just is TOO tempting despite the reviews....has large embroidery area and some nice regular sewing stitches....guess what? The machine CROAKED the first time we tried to embroider with it! My husband is a computer guy and I'm experienced at embroidery...we read the directions carefully..... VERY disappointing, I should have believed the reviews here on Amazon....would not recommend that machine, no matter how tempting it looks! Getting customer service from Singer is nearly impossible, too. Hope you find this helpful....wish Brother would come out with something as dependable as the se400, but with 5x7 capabilities at the lower price!
Yes, if you have access to Youtube you can see all the different ways you can do applique with this machine. I have purchased banner type appliques from etsy and they work awesome, your choice are unlimited.
Yes! They just need to be in .pes format. I have done many appliqus with this machine!
You can also purchase Brother's BES Embroidery lettering software 2. With this software you can make customized lettering, even write poems in as small as 4mm font.
1" x 2.5" "7x5" "4x4" "12x5"
i have done, pleathers, fleece blankets (double thick) totes quilt blocks with top and bottom and the padding inside~~ if doing something really think like the purse totes, I slow my speed down and "babysit" the machine~~ I sit and watch :)... but 2 layers of the thick blizzard fleece from joann's will fit under the needle and yes u can embroider on them..
Interior measurements of the SINGER EXTRA LARGE ROLLING SEWING MACHINE TOTE BAG are approximately 24 inches L x 16 inches W x 17 inches H. I just posted this in my review.
No it does not.
I don't know about the particular machine but I will give you the dimensions. Side to side is 24", front to back is 16" and it is 16" deep. It is soft sided and has internal straps to hold the machine. Hope this helps.
It is a separate bag
Yes and then some. It has a large open area and loads of pockets for your sewing notions. I love mine, so glad I made this purchase.
I would not chance it. It is too soft to face the airlines and too big for carry on.
I do not know I sent it to someone else
I did not see the bag i sent it as a gift to someone...they said bag was beatuiful but very large and did not have room for it in their small apartment...so i can't help with the wheels sorry.
Yes, your Singer 160 will fit with no problem. It is very large and will hold everything you need if going to a class. I would suggest that you measure the bag out so you have a better idea as to how big it really is!!! I did not do that and was very surprised as to how large it is.
I know is is big enough, but couldn't answer the question about the bottom since I purchased it for my daughter.
Yes. A bit rough but it does overall a good job.
The yarn wound with this metal ball winder will absolutely work with a knitting machine - center pull. I LOVE this metal body machine. Have broken teeth on so many plastic ball winders over the years and this one keeps winding away with no breaks. Just a little WD-40 every once in a while to lubricate moving metal parts. This winder is an absolute must!!
This is a ball winder. It makes a center pull ball. It doesn't put twist into the yarn, so it doesn't really ply at all. You could wind a ball of three yarns, but I haven't ever done this, so I don't know how that would work.
Yes, I experienced that, too. It's terrible. My husband is a mechanical whiz (designs gears for a living) and he worked on it, trying to get it to run smoothly. It was hopeless. He said that the gears did not mesh--they were just made wrong--and they would never run smoothly. They actually grind upon each other and produce metal shavings because it's made so poorly. Sorry. I gave mine to the Goodwill.
just barely two inches of space when clamp is fully opened, hope this helps.
It handles thick yarn great! The most I've put on is a 7 oz skein of regular yarn. Sometimes I get the whole thing on, sometimes I split it into two balls. I love this machine!
There is more info on their website, but one is regular speed (4 rotations) and the other is high speed (12 rotations) when cranking.
I have wound full skeins of I Love This Yarn, and it winds them perfectly. Even those too small stuff, like say 1/6 of a skein, it does a pretty good job. They're kinda squishy, but they look much better wound! All my friends bring their scraps to wind. It has really worked wonders for organization! Definitely worth the price!
I didn't have that problem with mine. it was in perfect condition. Did you buy yours new or used?
It works well enough I guess. The paper has enough grit to hold on to the ink but still smooth enough to let it flow like normal. Although lately I've been using a paper called Master's Touch Drawing pads but this one will get the job done pretty well. Good luck.
Yes
I think it's just what these types of sketchbooks are called. All the sizes have that big fat XL logo on them. The pages are 11x14.
I received 25 in my package.
If you apply the sealer at the end, it should be ok. My projects are still intact and not faded or tarnished.
I think gold leafing works best on smooth surfaces because the leaf breaks apart easily during the gluing process...pine cone may be a bit tricky depending on the texture. I think something liquid may be easier and faster to put it on the pine cones.
on package , it says it can be used on ---home decor- decoupage- stenciling, ceramic plastic--, metal--wood---plaster of paris---glass ------
I am not sure, but if this helps, I have attached a photo of the back of the package. See the photos section for the product.
Dear Chantal S, Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize for any inconvenience. We do not ship outside the continental US from the Amazon website. If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Thank you, Karen S/Blick Art Materials
Yes, the gold leaf kit will work on stones. Make sure the stones are very clean prior to applying the adhesive size and make sure to apply the sealer to avoid the leaf from oxidizing.
It comes with a bottle of sealant. But if your project is large, it may be a great idea to buy a can of high gloss transparent spray paint and spray over the whole project, so it will have an even texture throughout.
Sorry, I can't really say. There is nothing specific on the package, but being an alloy of copper and zinc and and the need to protect the it from oxidation I would not recommend it for a food container.
I never used it on metals, but I know it should stick even on glass.
Yes. I bought 2 packages and they work beautifully. Don't graduate to by them.
According to the manual it looks like the CP-6500 does use the SA156 bobbin. You can find the manual for free on Brother's website if you need a copy!
Read your manual, there are only two different sizes of bobbins that Brother makes. The SA156 and the SA155. Almost all newer machines use the SA156, but check your manual to be sure. If all else fails, call Brother customer service, the number should be on the face of your manual.
Check www.brothermachines.com and type in your sewing machine model number. When I typed in the XL2230, it showed no result. Make sure you have you correct model number & they will let you know the correct bobbin size.
I see you never got an answer, but I will tell you that checking your manual is always the first rule of Brother. If you can't find, or don't have the manual anymore, call Brother customer service, they will be glad to tell you if these will work.
No
The package I received was in brother packaging
Hello! I will try to help. According to the page where you can purchase these bobbins (on Amazon) it states check manual for compatibility. If your manual says they will work, I'm guessing they will. I purchased them with/for a Brother CS6000i -which, unfortunately is still in the box. (Shows how far behind I am with other projects...) If purchasing so many and discovering that they will not work, perhaps you may be able to purchase a fewer amount at a WalMart or a fabric store in your area. Here is another option: I am looking on the back of the bobbin package. These bobbins are distributed by Brother International Corporation, 100 Somerset Corporate Boulevard, Bridgewater, NJ. If you go on their website- www.brother-usa.com and click on home sewing machines under support you can contact them by e-mail or phone. They should be able to give you a definitive answer. Hope I was able to offer some help.
Yes
Yes, they are slightly thicker/ taller than all other bobbins. They fit just right. Always check size of thickness. Yes, they are the same size as those that come with machine.
It folds open to sit on top of the left cabinet opened door. You can sew while the extension is folded.
Yes. It is flat across the top of the table when machine is all the way up. I use it this way when my embroidery unit is attached.
Dear Linda, Your sewing machine will probably fit into the cabinet opening. I have a Viking Designer SE and it fits. There is a website that sells the insert to accommadate your particular machine and cabinet so that you have the perfect fit. I find the insert helpful for most projects. http://www.qualitysewing.com/dream-world-sew-steady-acrylic-cabinet-insert.html?gclid=CLnSipuzmLQCFe5FMgodBkAAiA Hope you found this information helpful. Virginia
The opening in the Wallaby is 11" X 21"
There is only room for a small mat. We use a separate table for cutting.
It comes in a flat box when it's shipped - about 40 x 20 x 6. That's the size when folded.
Denise, the well the machine fits into so you have a large flat surface to work on is 7 1/2" x 18" so just measure your machine if its that or less you're in, if not you can set the machine on top of the table like the photo shows. Great and sturdy workspace if the dimensions are ok. good luck
Yes, depending on your machine. Worked with company. They were very helpful.
There are 4 hard rubber protectors
The opening in the table top is 7 3/4" x 18" If your machine is smaller than that, it will fit.
18" x 7"
Here are the dimensions: Table dimensions: 40" wide x 19.75" deep x 28.25" high Sewing machines no larger than 17.5" wide and 7-3/8" deep will fit . So measure the width and depth of your machine and then the height is adjustable!
No
When you purchase this machine from Sewing & Vacuum Warehouse trough Amazon Fulfillment you are purchasing it from an Authorized Janome Dealer. Amazon is only handling the purchase.
Taiwan
I think it has real good light. I am also older and I have no trouble seeing with it. If it's not bright enough for you, try a small Ott light and set it close to your machine so it will throw the light right on the area where you are sewing. Hope this helps.
Hi It's 18 long 9 wide and 12 high
I need to make a correction to the size of the letters is 5/8 of an inch not 3/4.
The 6600 has 28 more stitch types to choose from. Otherwise not too much different.
It is called the throat although the description here calls it the bed. 9 1/2". Great machine. You can see more about it here: http://www.janome.com/en/machines/sewing/mc6500p/#Features . Do note that the 6500 does not have a free arm if that is important to you. I loved my machine but upgraded to the 7700 due to more features and even bigger throat, the free arm, more stitches including some of my favorite ones that the 6500 didn't have. Before chosing a sewing machine make a list of the things you can't do without, plus what you really want. I expect my 7700 to be my last machine, so I wanted as many features as possible as I do all kinds of sewing.
Usually Foot #1. If you want to see what you're doing, choose the open-toed foot.
It is wonderful for free motion quilting. I use quilting thread in top and bobbin. Don't know about invisible thread. Probably equally excellent.
My wife is 77 years old and plans to give them away because she finds it difficult to use them.
Yes I have a quilt on mine now and it does fold up. Of course with a quilt on it it is not perfectly flat but pretty close. I fold mine up every time I am not sewing on the quilt and store it behind a couch. . It's lightweight and easy to handle. Right now I have the width on the frame for a 90 inch quilt and I can still carry it into another room if I need to. It is long though and a little awkward because of the length but it is not heavy. I am quite happy with the frame overall.
96 inches wide with all parts assembled.
The frame is sturdy when set up to hand quilt. I have not had any problems with it falling over. When it is folded up I lean it against my couch or it can lie pretty flat but it is not stable unless it is set up for quilting.
Yes. A little tight on the ends, but I measure 96" exactly.
Yes, from the Grace Company's website: "Sets up in craft, crib, and queen size". I've used it in the crib setup mode since receiving it, but it will adjust to 35" (craft), 67" (crib) and 99" (queen). My husband set this up for me and was very impressed by the quality. And, Amazon had the best price! I hope this helps!
Mechanically speaking, you could load everything to the middle bar. But I wonder why you would want to load both back and batting on the middle bar? I think the critical difference between loading as instructed, and loading backing and batting on the middle bar is that you have less ability to work out wrinkles as you go (and no matter how careful I am there are always wrinkles) because you have a shorter distance to the front bar from the middle bar. In addition, I think it would hamper your ability to keep the working area as taut as possible. I like to keep my working area as taut as I can make it (even that is sort of against directions) because the looser it is the more it affects your ability to make even stitches.
While my mother made such a quilt she did not have a frame and I have not made one so haven't tried mounting one on a frame. However, the way it is constructed there should be no reason you can't do this since you can simply skip the middle roller. And, my next quilt will be to work with the backing up (as opposed to down) for the middle part of the quilt, then reverse it to mount as one piece to quilt the margins on the top side. This should be similar to what you would do with a levi quilt. If you can attach it to the leader you should be able to mount it.
You are supposed to be able to use it as is. However, a cloth leader is recommended as a time-saving product to help attach the fabric to the frame. I have purchased cloth leader kit but have not used it yet as I am currently finishing several other quilting projects. I have assembled the frame and plan to use it for my next project.
E. Maxwell, We currently do not ship to the UK. Thank you,
I believe that as long as your machine has a low shank it will work. Be advised that this foot doesn't come with any directions and so I had to go online to find some. Plus I think for the money it pays to buy a regular gathering foot, the ones that look like monster that is what I ended up doing because I just couldn't get this one to work the way I wanted it to. I found a very nice one here on Amazon and it wasn't much over $10.00. Hope this helps you
That's the machine that I have, and yes it fits. It's a click on - as in, just slide it under the foot and press the sewing arm down button and it clicks into place.
No, it is not.
Yes it is and this pressor foot works very well.
Hi Donna, Low shank simply means the shank (distance from the bottom of the sewing foot to the screw) is short. Most modern machines are low shank, while some older (pre-1980) and industrial machines are high shank. These machines have a longer distance from the screw to the sewing foot. Hope this helps!
I have singer and brother machines and the foot is compatible with both.
I purchased this foot for the Brother LX2500. It fits very well, you just have to take off the snap foot adapter and use it as a screw on adapter.
Go to Brother website and research this machine. The full list of what will fit and work on this machine is listed there. Brother's website should be your best friend for definitive answers about your machine.
I have both a Brother and several Singer machines. It is compstible with these two brands. I'm not familiar with a Cs6000i. What name brand is your machine.
Yes.
It is designed for table top use.
NO - I had difficulty with this machine sewing sewing on anything i wouldn't reccomend it at all. my Janome hd3000 does very well on heavier fabrics (up to a point) you really need for the very heaviest an industrial mach. i have a very good Singer industrial.
NOPE, none of the newer machines have that capability. Singer quit putting those in the machines in the 70s. The only type of cabinet these machines will work in, is the ones with a lift type device.
The SINGER CG590 sewing machine can be used to sew garment weight leather. Use a SINGER Leather needle, which has a wedge point designed for sewing leather. For sewing through leather such as that used for belts, etc., an industrial machine is recommended.
i do not believe the internal mechanics or the motor are strong enough to do that. if it did do it, it would not do very many before it began to lose tension or the loop hook started binding.
made in Brazil
Just about anywhere that carries sewing supplies, even Walmart and of course here on Amazon
no but I had a problem with the plastic bobber holder it broke an it wasn't even 3 months old , so be aware of plastic parts , the old model was better
The machine comes with only very basic presser feet. I bought a universal presser foot kit in addition on Amazon and that is where my rolled hem came from. I recommend you buy a kit. Happy sewing ! I love this workhorse!!
Yes. As long as you follow the directions precisely. Tons of videos on YouTube.com for it. Use the plastic bobbin for bottom threading. Or SLIGHTLY clamp around the rim of the metal bobbins. If you don't, the top thread likes to get caught under the lip and cause HUGE amounts of thread to knot up and lock up your machine. Ugh.
The one I have does
Not sure what exactly you mean by raised frame. The frame is like an inch thick maybe more, so there is plenty of room too hang the uniform in it.
Silver middle-- clear hanger
23.5W x 31.5L x 2.25D
I believe the case can be used horizontally; however, you will need to remove the inside hanger bracket and you will need to mount the wall hanging brackets (located on the back) from from the short side to long side. Please note - the hinges are located on the long side.
It's been a while since I bought it (and gave it a a gift) but I'm guessing around 15 pounds empty.
Door Glass
Yes it can. It is just clipped in.
31 1/2" by 23 1/2", it really works great!
I've purchased 2 of these. I put an XL t-shirt in one of them and it fit fine. The one I put the Jersey in was a size medium, even with that size I had to fold one sleeve back, but it still looks great.
There is not the ability to weld on this cartridge. You need a Gypsy to do that.
The cartridge should have been in the box so Amazon needs to send to you.
I don't see why you couldn't. Cut the letters out on paper, use either the letter or the design left after you separate them. You could buy vinyl and just print out the letters you need and stick them on whatever you need them for, also can layer them by using the shadow button. Hope this helps, I personally have never made stencils.
I have never tried material or fabric with this cartridge, only paper. Cricut claims that you can, but I would make sure my blade was very sharp and the cutting mat fairly new to hold the fabric. Good luck!
No, this is for a Cricut cutting machine only. Sorry . . .
It should be able to fit it. I believe cricut makes the cartridges universal for all their models.
Yes, it does along with a few other phrases (i.e. Merry Christmas) and designs.
You might be able to cut felt as long as you had a new sticky mat that would hold the material well. After you cut, I would imagine that the mat would not be worth keeping because of all the tiny fibers that would stick to it. Myself, I don't think I would try it. I really wish Cricut would create a product that would clean the mat from residue fibers (even from paper) so that they would last longer. Hope this helps.
You set your cricket to the size you want your letters to be. Mine has a max size of 5 1/2 in.
Yes
I'm guessing you're talking about the oil pastels. They are similar to crayons but you can blend, smudge and layer the colors more easily for effect. Start out treating them kinda like crayons and use blending stumps or your finger to smudge them. You can google oil pastels for more info.
Hi Linda - if I correctly recall, the wooden carrying case is approx 11 x 15 x 2 inches, and fits into a Medium Flat Rate Priority Mail flat box. My 4-year old granddaughter loves carrying it around. Cheers, Marv
I would not recommend these paints out in the elements.
We do not ship international.
It depends on who you ordered it from. Please go into "your account" and underneath that click on your orders. Locate the order and see if there is a "track package" yellow box next to it. If not, look on the left side to see who it was "sold by." You should be able to contact your seller through a button under track package if it's gray.
1-2 days inhouse, then 6-11 to ship
Yes
Hi; t Thank you for your interst in ordering from our company. You will need to contact Amazon regarding shipping prices to Portugal. Sincere regards; Sandy
Shipping charges to Canada are $27.95
The handles are made out of plastic
30 1/4"
No. That is why I bought the cart. Very disappointed that my scrapbook paper doesn't fit. Decent cart though.
The bottom 4 drawers are 13 x 9.5 x 5 inches deep ; the top 8 drawers are 13 x 9.5 x 2.75 inches deep.
Yes, the drawers will come off the tracks with heavier items.
I don't have a specific weight however I have mine full of large & small rolls of ribbon. I would think what you intend to use them for would be fine. I would not store more than 50 to 60 lbs in the entire cart.
31.5 inches
I have very light craft items in it and it is swaying over to the side. Silverware and utensils would weigh the entire cart down. This is really a piece of junk especially considering the price.
I would put them outside in the sun to warm them up a bit and then try to separate them.
Varies. 8 drawers at about 3 inches. 4 at about 5. Wife loves it for crafts.
I haven't had that problem, but you could contact the mfg and see if they could replace the drawer. Good luck. I really like my cart.
Yes it is neat and it is not fritzy
I personally haven't used it like that, but I believe it could work... You might want something a little bit thicker, though.
I only used it to tie napkin and silverware into bundles but it feels pretty strong.
It's a 2mm cord.
I don't know.
I don't macrame', but I don't see why you couldn't. I used it to redo the grips on my Sai.
It's not card stock thick. But not super thin. Somewhere in the middle. Very pretty prints but if you want the card to be more sturdy this would not be thick enough.
No, I have prime and received it in 2 days.....it was delivered on a Sunday! Love Amazon!!!!
Yes!
there are 36 pages but each print has 3 pages.
This paper is very heavy. I do not think it is good for decopage . I would try a lighter weight.
they are pretty small... 2" wide and 7/8" tall.... (these are the dimensions of the slot; doesn't not include the wholes and is not the window dimensions.) they have an removable adhesive sticky back that works okay on furniture, which is how I'm using them. on paper i don't know if they would come off easy. hope this help
nope. they use finishing nails. and really they are not worth the price.
1 3/8" from outside of nail hole to outside of nail hole. 3/4" in height
About 4 1/2-5 feet in highth, shoulders, waist and hips appropiate to its size.Bought for 14 yr old grandaughters bedroom,she loves it and her friends want to know where to get one. easy assembly, takes up very little space.
Yes, it's coated as for the one I received; I don't think it would snag--it hasn't thus far.
It's almost 4-1/2 feet tall. Now that I've been using it for a while though, I'd like to say that where it screws in at the base is not very solid. I have to tighten it every so often to keep it from all falling over.
I don't think it would be tall enough or sturdy enough for more than two lightweight jackets or one heavy coat. I use it to display outfits. I can hang (on hangers) one top on each side and one pair of light pants on each side.
Weighs about 10 pounds, does come apart, in 4 pieces, could fit in some large suitcase, the rod is long about 4 feet. I like it for my needs, the form didn't want to hook together very easy, but used my own fasteners and made it more secure. It is nice looking, I keep a prom dress on it that I have had over 6o years. Joyce
No I tried already && it gives the mannequin a boxie look.
Bust is 29 " Waist is 23" and Hips are 40"
No
About 4 feet, but a waste of money it is always falling... It is only good for decoration...
No
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
Hello Ann, We carry 16'' stretcher bars, so that you can create your own frames. We can special order 12 of them at $1.59 a piece and send them out to you. Please let us know by Wednesday of this week.
yes it is framed, staples on back of frame, not side.
The surface is prepared for acrylic or oil. I did not order watercolor canvas.
I bought mine in singles. So you can choose a pack of 5, pack of ten, or singles. It's just however many you choose increases the price.
As I remember yes.
I think they were 1"
The only mention of flame retardant on the box says "Notice: this article meets the flammability requirements of California Bureau of Home Furnishings Technical Bulletin 117. Care should be exercised near open flame or with burning cigarettes."
Even though this Poly-fil is machine washable, I think that you would want it encased in a water resistant fabric to prevent it from becoming water saturated, creating a medium for mold if it is not dried out promptly and thoroughly. Fairfield sells such a cushion with its Poly-fil being encased in a water resistant "shell" - Fairfield Weather Soft - but most are in the form of throw pillow sizes not necessarily outdoor furniture sizes....They can be found on Amazon.com or Fabric.com - Fairfieldworld.com-joann.com
I bought this to fill up my sofa cushion so I don't really know how many pillows can this make but it's really a lot. I estimate it can make at least 10 of 18x18 pillows
I don't know. Maybe 2 or 3.
I filled up two 4'X3' (7" thick) dog beds and used less than half of the box.
I really do not know. I looked up the word and it is like a cushioned footstool. I feel it has anything to do with cushion than MAYBE it is alright. I don't really know!!!!!!
I never used outdoors so I don't know.
No, you have to save the name it two to three sections then move the hoop to different positions to stitch out the name. It is possible to make it look nice but it takes some practice. I would recommend checking out some video's before starting a project. Here is one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSh6deUD8-U
Based on the information you gave I cannot find a machine that is just a PE-400 so cannot help you with your question. You can always e-mail the seller to verify as they are a sewing and vacuum store so should be able to help you with that.
This will not work for your Babylock Spirit. There is a 3-hoop package that the seller has and some of the reviews on it say that it works for the Babylock Spirit. The only problem is that if you were looking for the largest hoop it is not included in this package. If I were you I would contact the seller and ask them what they have that would fit your machine.
The eclipse hoop are almost exactly like my babylock hoop, perhaps you aren't loosening the screw enough
I have no idea what WWS is, but WSS= water soluble stabilizer.
They are: 5X12, 5X7, 4X4 and 1X2 1/2. Hope this helps. Karen
I really can't tell you as I don't know...
How much money do you have to buy one? Because you're talking BIG BUCKS for anything that embroiders larger than 5x7. And all of them are sold by Authorized Brother Dealers, only. Do some real research, and start looking at machines at a dealer.
There are hoop sets sold separately for the HE-240, SE350, 400, etc. that don't list these machines, so I would assume they won't fit your 240. Bernie
I am sorry but I can't answer your question.
The ones I bought are .75 inches wide x 5 15/16 long.
They are 6 inches, not 9 as the packaging suggests
6.2 X 0.9
Yes. I have done both a 2 needle wide and narrow stitch with this machine; one can also do a 3 needle cover-stitch. I have mostly used it on t-shirts and jogging pants. I love this machine.
Included is a disk with PDFs of the workbook to help understand the machine, a manual, a vinyl dust cover, a little tool kit with oil, necessary screwdriver and allen wrench, tweezers for threading, thread spool discs, extra needles, mesh thread holders, and 6 additional presser feet. The extra feet are: bead/sequin, elastic, cording, taping, blind hem/lace and a shirring foot.
When you stop sewing a coverstitch, DON'T SEW OFF THE FABRIC, just stop, raise the presser foot and use an awl to pull the needle threads forward about six inches. Still holding the thread forward, move the fabric backward from under the presser foot and clip the threads. This can be difficult because the pressure foot lever goes the opposite direction of conventional levers, but move it higher to release the fabric.
Yes it does I've had good luck with pretty much every type of fabric and I sew daily!
China. There are no sewing machines made in the US.
I use a combination of maxi lock and stretch maxi lock, 3-2 or 2-1 depending on the stitch you are using. You can get them for a good price at WAWAK.com
Yes
Unfortunately, no. This machine is rather complicated. After a few experiments, I put mine on coverstitch and left it there. Fortunately, I have a great serger.
I happened to have some scraps of polar fleece It serged three layers just fine.
That should be a 1.5mm hex head.
It has the two different handles with all the different sized hooks.
I have had a handle not work for me. I ended up buying a whole new set. I would contact the company and tell them you've got a defective part and see if they'll replace it. There are no handles sold separately for this kit that I know of. Good luck.
The handles hold the needles that come with the kit and the small needle is 3.75mm or f.
You can use it by itself, without the top, but it will still have the handle and wheels attached
Not flat
It will.... for awhile. I'd recommend heavier items be placed in the bottom.
Yes without any issues at all, carried one in mine for 4 semesters.
Both the top piece and the bottom piece are sewn shut, no openings until you unzip both zippers. i carry my scrapbook material in this tote and have never had any issues. i have carried it short distances in the rain or snow and have never had a problem. you could probably put water resistant spray on the outside to help be waterproof if you needed to. For actual liquid flowing, i cannot answer that, i have never spilled liquid on the tote or put liquid in the tote.
Dear Leslie Thank you for your query, the size of the wheel base is 10 x 10 inchs. Kind Regards Customer Services
Thank you for your email, the size of this item is 29 x 33 x 78cm Kind Regards Customer Services
Got at Walmart ..the blue.top opens, has a handle, the front unmatched to open the main portion...contains separate containers ...I kept one iut and placed my schminke paint pallettes in...I live in Gilbert, Arizona... Different colors my student has a pink top
Nope this isn't it. Same thing gave my wife fits. Sent it back.
The only issues that I have with tipping is when the to section is full & the bottom empty. I've been very pleased with this bag overall.
You will get one length of chain 10 feet long.
As far as I know, it's 925 sterling silver. It's sold by beadaholique as such and I hold them to be reputable. It works and acts like sterling when using it. I've not chemically tested it. I see no reason to think that it is not sterling silver, and it seems in every normal way, silver. This is not a bad price for worked sterling, as chinese slaves in prison don't get paid much, and it pretty much reflects the cost of the metal and middleman handling to get to beadaholique.
I was able to open the links fairly easily
Yes
Gingher and (Italy) is under the name. I love these shears. Fiskars welcomed Gingher as part of William Sonoma back in 2005 which is why you see both together.
They come with a nice sleeve to put them into. This is secure, attractive and protects the sharp blades. The scissors are remarkable and lovely...
It's difficult to nail down the exact location that gingher scissors are manufactured as they seem to be subcontracted to various companies throughout the world, including mainland China, Pakistan and Guatemala. However, the manufacturing specs are strictly enforced if contracts are to be awarded. Or so they say.
right handed. Could possibly use left handed but the holes are chamfered. Mine are over 20 years young. As sharp and gorgeous as the day I bought them. I do admit I paid over $90 for mine ( came with a plastic blade cover lol) I was shocked at the price here.
No it is not. This is a super clear polymer clay liquid. It is NOT a glaze or top coat at all. It sets in an oven, it does NOT air dry.
Great question.. So far, I haven't had any issues with this product! It bakes clear, so you can't even tell where you "glued" it to the original item. If you were to use chalk pastels with it.. it makes great "glazes and sauces" .
When I got my order, it had an orange cap :-)
This one in particular is 1.69 fluid oz. (50 ml)
The picture in the ad is correct. The same 2 pictures appear for me. It is a clear liquid clay medium in a translucent bottle with red & blue writing.
There were 34 in the pack I got.
30 beads
Not sure of the exact dimension, but it's big enough to get a kabob skewer through with a little room to spare.
Yes!
Not as big.... I was disappointed!
Those measurements must represent the size of the package (so confusing). The beads are 20mm round which is about 3/4 of an inch.
I do not know. Sorry. My curtains are pretty heavy so I would not even try it.
3 3/4 inches wide, then order length you need
You can do a one inch, two inch, three inch etc pleat. There are pleat pockets every inch so you can pick up less or more fabric. Regular tape is a set pleat depth
The glass ones don't but the plastic one will until the air releases from the string hole. If u flip the pearl with ur finger the air comes out and the pear sinks
I don't know. I used them as beads.
Hi ... thank you for inquiring about these beads. Please note that these are beads, so they have a hole going all the way through. They are a nice bright white. They are only available in a package of 110 beads. The bag measures about 4.5" x 3.5" and has 2 layers of beads. We think this is about a half cup of beads. They are not available in any kind of super bulk bags. So ... to fill two gallon containers would take A LOT of these small packages. We really can't estimate how many packages you would need.
The beads I received were a pearly white.
12mm -- 75 pieces
no specific number, but it will fit a small pipe cleaner
Hi. I bought these beads last year & the hole does go all the way through the bead. I haven't used them yet, but I'm looking forward to it. I hope I was able to answer your question.
Yes, they appear to be uncoated.
The product description says that it measures 1-1/2-inch length by 4-inch width by 4-1/2-inch height. Is that what you're asking about? In that case this is probably the measurement of the package (not a particularly necessary bit of information!). The beads are 12mm in diameter (about 5/8 inch) and you get 75 beads in the packet
It depends on what you plan to use them for. The serrated blades are amazing for fine fabrics (such as silk) that need a little "grab" so the fabric doesn't slip while you are cutting. I like the blunt tip for heavier fabrics like upholstery and leather.
Imported from Italy.
I am right handed but I believe the curve of the scissor handle requires left hand or right hand. I would go to the website to see if they make left handed ones to be sure.
I never used in on these fabrics, but I have used them for cutting up card board boxes and cutting plastic strips many of times and they still cut like they never been used
When we bought them they were Gingher and it was titled that. At some point in time it changed. I would contact the sellers themselves to see what they have.
It says China on the package
Their made out of a thick paper. I use them to blend my granite drawings and they work well. They are pretty sturdy.
They are simple paper stumps and can be used for any media.
black
72 yards, just like the description says. It's strong with no elasticity or give. Great for upholstery.
Mine came black.
I believe that what I received was black.
It's not specified, mine was blue so don't count on red unless it is specified would be my advice
Mine was blue. It's like the red you get at the stores but not as thick... Or maybe not as strong. I think that's why it's measured by weight like 9 lb or 11lb. It works great
About 2 cm to 2.5 cm each, depending on the model....
acrylic.. so yes plastic
No,I only use a glue.
I didn't count them but I would be willing to say about 500. Bag is like 6 inches long and stuffed full. They are about the size of a nickel.
No, they don't.
Hello Deanna, I was also wondering the same question. The applicator wand only works with pre glued rhinestones. Its a Hot Fix Applicator and Hot Fix brand pre glued rhinestones may be bought and used for this applicator. Less mess and kinda cool idea for a hot wand ! ! !
Beveled. Two tips are flat for stud type gems.
This can only be used with HOT FIX rhinestones. HOT FIX rhinestones are rhinestones that already comes with dried glue at the back. This gun allows you to press on the rhinestone and melt the glue at the back, thereby "sticking" the rhinestone to the surface of the fabric, or whatever you are intending to embellish. No glue needed. Its like a precision IRON for rhinestones that ALREADY come with glue.
Have not used it on wood but I don't see why it wouldn't work. I use mine to fabric, it melts the glue in the back of the gem.
Yes it does and very well.
Only if the flat back of the rhinestone has the meltable glue. This tool holds the rhinestone and heats it up until the glue melts, and then you press the melted glue side down onto your clothes. You then use tweezers to press the rhinestone to the fabric.
I don't know but it is a good product
It will stick to the metal, but it'll be more prone to scraping off. I would recommend a glue directly For crafting with metal.
The device worked very well. The description should say if there is a 30ss fitting. I believe I used 24ss. And it worked good.. good luck..
The SS30 tip wasn't included in mine. Check the back of the box, it should say what sizes came with it. If the SS30 tip wasn't included, it can be purchased separately. $3 +S&H on Amazon.
It's on the beige/cream side. It's textured and gorgeous. Very classy.
16" across the bottom 5" across the top and 10" long
101/2" long and 16" wide at the bottom
12inches I think. Been a while since I ordered it.
No clip. will only fit a lamp with a "harp" around the bulb and a screw in the center. The shade has a 3-legged top support with a hole to accept the screw.. Kinda standard, you will need a finial to go on the screw to hold the shade down. I never knew about the clip adaptor that the other person mentioned. I guess that would work. I think the shade is maybe too big for a clip-on .
I have one on my Singer. Not the same model but the foot does seem like it is universal.
Yes. My Singer is a low shank and it fits.
If it is a low shank, it should work.
As long as it is a standard low shaft machine, it should work just fine
The product list does not show your model as being one that this foot fits. However, the fit depends on two things. There is a curved area on the left that goes under the needle clamp screw. That curve has to be wide enough to fit around your screw. On the right, there is also that shiny curved claw that must fit around your needle clamp screw. Without knowing these dimensions, it is impossible to tell if it will fit until you try it. Check out Amazons return policy and see if you want to take a chance and possibly have to return it, is my advice.
At the bottom of the Amazon page where it says :"Product Description", there is a list of models that this item fits. Yours is not listed. However, if you can take off the entire foot you are using now leaving the straight black shank the foot attaches to, bare then you can probably attach it. Your call.
Hi! My singer is older and has a slant shank, which works with ths foot. Look in your manual or at your standard presser to see if yours has a slant shank.
Yes it should. Your machine looks similar to mine.
Good question, I have no clue and mine has come apart so not sure it works on anything, wish I could be of more help. J
It fits my Singer confident quilter machine. I have enjoyed using my walking foot. Hope this helps.
It works with our model 6235
Type in controller for singer model 1525 and the right one will display. In the description it states that it will fit this model as well as several others.
this is an air controller; electronic controllers have prong-type connections so this one will not work for you.
My machine is Model No. 6235 and it is exactly the same as the one that originally came with the machine. If the pedal looks the same as the one you had, give it a try. I am sure they will accept a return if it is no a fit.
Rhis is strictly pneumatic control. I got it for ''Mom's' old machine-don't know the model #, but it worked perfectly. If yours has an electric wire plug-in incorporated into it, it's your coin toss.
YES. See description from manufacturer: Fits Models: Singer 4624 Singer 6233 Singer 6234 Singer 6235 Singer 6267 Singer 6268 Singer 7033 Singer 7037 Singer 9020 Singer 9323 Singer 9410 Singer 9444
I do not think this will work with model 6180. This foot pedal is an air tube and the pressure of the air activates the pedal. The foot pedal for model 6180 has a medal connector on the end. This one would be compatible with model 6180 http://www.sewingpartsonline.com/foot-control-and-cord-singer-87532.aspx
The foot control has standard 110 volt service. This is standard for use in U. S. Very good quality. I just plugged it into the sewing machine and it had power again.
Yes it will fit.. As long as the operation of your footpedal is driven by air vacuum.. I have been very happy with my new pedal. It may look a little differently than the posted picture but that does not affect the performance of the product.
I love these! They aren't to stiff they will bend some but the stamps! They are really useful when you have some over size stamp sets. Some set don't stick so well at times so I use rubber cement or Zots glue dots work too.
Nothing. That's all you need. &#128522;
Yes
Yes, they will. Love them!
I wouldn't recommend it. It's too hard to control and not dependable enough. I've been very disappointed with this product.
I can't give an exact weight but it is pretty light weight and feels durable and good quality. No Problems so far.
I live in the USA and worked just fine here. I don't know where you live but it works fine with the voltage in the USA.
When changing colors it is best to clean them out after each use. I use mine for decarating cakes so to clean I e warm water. But if you are using it to paint I would recommend using the propre cleaner for the type of paint you are using.
The pump is cheaply made and will stop working.
it's as loud as a microwave. And it has a on and off button. It pushes air thru a tube into the airbrush itself an u can adjust how much air is pushed thru by adjusting the nozzles.
I don't know but, what I do know is that the air compressor is not good at all. It will last 15 minutes before dies. If you want to buy an air compressor buy the CH Campbell air compressor. Is bit noisy but is perfect . I use it for airbrush cakes and has other use . I also bought , the Powermate airbrush kit. Is the best. I hope to be useful. Good Luck !
As far as I know is 110v.
I could not move from cacao butter, so the colors that come in the kit
yes you can control rotating a piece in the hose
Mine were not consistent, so 2-4 of each color.
I washed mine... a little shirinking occurred.
Hi, This item is fulfilled by Amazon. It's FREE Shipping on orders over $35. Thanks
don't know what you mean by "felt board"......this felt is very soft and pliable. Easy to work with for making crafts.
I don't think it would work on dark surfaces. However, you can mix colors with white (like you do with acrylics) and achieve more opacicity. Try that on a small surface and see if the results are what you want. Good luck!
Frankly, I Haven't ckecked that. However, you can bake it and put it in the microwave, so I think it has pretty high tollerance to heat. Hope this helps.
not in the kit collection pictured
Water will clean it since the paint is water based, but by my experience, I've used these pens a fair amount of time and didn't have any problems of paint clogging on the nibs. The nibs are still as clean as brand new.
My personal feeling is that larger is better for beginners. You can see the difference between thick and thin more readily and it gives you room to work out smooth curves and stronger strokes. The main thing I had to learn when starting was that it takes a lot of practice before you get any confidence -- several sets of 100 repetitions of each letter on appropriately lined paper. I was making no progress until a friend pointed this out to me. I would start with the larger size and then go down to smaller size when your strokes feel confident and smooth.
I used the brand of ink included with the pen and Southworth 24lb parchment paper. I believe that will work. I discovered that some pens like this one acted "weird" on paper that was not completely "smooth". It was almost as if the ink had trouble flowing on paper with microscopic ridges.
Yes, it is rather annoying, but I still love the pen.
No
I do calligraphy, and unfortunately, the pilot pens is not waterproof. I have googled and seen clips on YouTube about ways to substitute different inks. I really like the pilot pen because the ink is always ready to flow!! I wish that the nib was angled for optimal Calligraphy effect, though...if they market a pen like that and with waterproof ink, this will be my go-to calligraphy pen! It would be awesome.
great gift comes in plastic package with semi clear cover..that tray is cheap thin plastic..but it is a great pen but only uses pilot cartridges no problem can get on net..fun gift
I bought these for my granddaughter who is right handed. Lefities could use the Pilot, but you'll have to cock your hand so you don't smear the ink. Most lefties cock their hand when they write.
Yes, you can change the ink before it runs out. You will have to clean the nib first (this pen comes with a water cleaning kit). It's really simple.
You can use a CON-20 converter and fill it with your own ink and it should fit these pens.
The converter that comes with the grand slam package is a beginners program but it's better than nothing. The best way to figure out how it works is oddly enough to go on YouTube. They have videos that show you exactly how to operate the program step by step so that you can get the most out of your embroidery machine.
Not with the characters built into the machine. Mine came with a CD I don't know about it. But you can purchase all type of things from a website you can download immediately for about $1.99 ea and get one free with every purchase. My favorite place to purchase is www.embroiderydesigns.com
You can increase the size of the font by going to set up screen and enlarge from there. I have enlarged many of the fonts to maximum size,but for very large fonts I just purchased a larger font program it is faster and better looking on many items.
Yes you can
With my gran slam I received: the machine( of course) 5x7, hat, & sock hoops. 120 prewound bobbins, pretty large roll of stabilizer, 63 different colors of thread. Polystar thread is very good, don't buy cheap thread. You get a pair of scissors, a C D with about 15,000 different patterns. Everything that you need to start out with, but of course you will order a few other things once you get rolling with your projects. I love my machine, it is amazing to watch it work.
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&ei=4EpJVNqXAtSPNt7LgJgD&url=http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0079O74TK%3Fpc_redir%3D1413280988%26robot_redir%3D1&ved=0CEEQFjAA&usg=AFQjCNFqq3UWsUdcabxZcN3oO9zeTepYaw&sig2=NmBQOSDQXLdU5ucWpRL-Gw &#10145;&#10145;copy the above link and past to your browsers address bar. Then go and get you a power converter. Converts your power from 220v to 110v.
As far as I know, there is only one PE770 embroidery machine. I bought one with a Grand Slam package. I really appreciated the selection of threads, but the hoops they added have no normal use (how many baseball caps will you embroider?). It's a great machine for the money, just be careful about which extra packages you decide to add on.
I love mine. It is embroidery only. I have only used this model. You may consider that in this case size doe matter. The 5x7. Hoop size is better than a smaller hoop size. IMHO. The larger the hoop size the better. A smaller pattern can be used on any hoop but the larger patterns are restricted to you hoop size. This machine is very easy to use. You can down load many patterns from the internet and download onto a thumb drive to use on this model. Or buy patterns from Brother. There are endless options.
I haven't but I do use the blank card to load designs and then use them in the machine.
My daughter has only used a couple of designs, and some that she even had to pay for. My daughter did make the comment that she felt that some of the designs where out dated. But, that with different colors and with talent, one could up date them, if they needed to. I have to stress not all the designs are out dated. Just a few. It's to your own liking. She has used all the different letters and designs, and she loves them. As, soon as I pay this machine off. I am getting me one. And Yes, It will be the grand slam one. The spools of tread are really nice colors. It has the hoops with it. "She really loves the cap hoop." It came with the pre-wound bobbins, which she loves, and the tear away stabilizer and other things. I have personally watched her use her machine, and can't wait to get mind. You, can do so much with it.
Dear a. Clay ; The art box Is great product, with everything you will need for water Colours, coloured pencils, pastels and mixed medium art. However the is no storage space for your drawing book nor water colouring canvas. Besides you would not want to put your art work in the same Box as these type of art tools due to the chance of pastel dust or for that matter flakes from the coloured pencils contaminating the work by carring the kit about. I have a messenger bag for my drawing books , canvases, along with other art items that I may need. I found a great messenger ( canvas with multi dividers on the interior and exterior with zip pockets ) that I use to carry other items I May Need , the just you'll never know items. The price was very reasonable and comes with a shoulder strap so it' s out of my way and it was on sale . I believe I paid 29.95 (+) shipping the bag is not nor does it look like a cheap bag so check on one of those. Hopes this helps you. Sincerely , Zazou
They are a low quality color pencil, but are "blendable" to a degree.
Yes you can.
just screw them in till they cant twist anymore. I know its ridiculous the manufacturer should have given directions on how to put this thing together.
Yes
No, it has a base bar at the bottom to hold paper, but only horizontally, it gets screwed in there, you could make your own though because its wood, just screw a bar on so your paper would sit, so u could use it sideways if you wanted to alter it on your own.
shipping costs!
The compartment size of the case is 10-5/8" x 13" so I would think an 81/2" x 11" sketch pad would fit.
Yes, the little plastic trays are kind of cheap little ones that can be removed as you wish.
I'm not sure what you mean. It's a box with art supplies that also serves as an easel. I don't think it came with instructions, but we didn't need any either.
6x13 is NOT correct. You can use a 4x4, 5x7 or a multi positional 5x12.
can I use this machine to embroider baseball caps
I use the same needles for all my machines. It is an embroidery needle 75/11. I get mine online from Home Sew.com. I buy them in bulk. Hopefully this helps
not without a computer design program :(. i am currently using sew what pro. its pretty good and reasonably priced.
I'm sorry but I don't have any scanning capabilities so I couldn't say. Good luck in your quest.
Yes, I think the program you will need is Embrillance.
No, It's just an embroider machine.
The machine tells you which hoop will work best for your project. Hope this helps.
No it does NOT.
I think the flash card is for saving and loading designs into the machine.. so yes you can also just use your pc for general designs as well without having to use the flash card.. and it does applique but I haven't done that style..
Yes
Yes and how to blend colors to make other colors
It is 9 14 inches in diameter.
Here is what is included per the information on the page where you found this item. The Texture Boutique Beginner&#65533;s Kit includes these products: Texture Boutique Embossing Machine; Textured Impressions Embossing Folder - Flowers, Daisies (small); Textured Impressions Embossing Folder - Flower & Dots Border (medium); Textured Impressions Embossing Folder - Swirls & Dots (large); 1 Pair of Standard Embossing Pads; 1 Mylar Shim; 10 White Cards; 10 White Envelopes; 10 Ivory Cards; 10 Ivory Envelopes; 40 Assorted Samples of Core&#65533;dinations ColorCore Cardstock; 1 Sheet of Black Rub Ons; 1 Sheet of White Rub Ons; 1 Rub Ons Applicator; 1 Sandpaper Sample; 1 Idea Booklet; 1 Instruction Booklet. The information states what embossing folders are included.
It will not "cut" cards, it only will emboss 4.5x6.5 and under
Yes, if you look at my review I list all of the embossing folder brands that I've successfully used with it and how many shims that you need to accommodate those brands.
No you do not need embossing pad or power. It brings the embossing plat that you use over and over and one embossing folder and two small ones, plus other. Then you can buy other embossing folders that you like from sizzix, cuttlebug or Darice to use with the sizzix texture boutique embossing machine.
I've used the cutlebug folders and they work really well, I've not tried the anna griffing folders.
Yes it is very easy to use! The thicker the card stock, the better. It will cut through the thinner cardstock. Practice on paper first!
It's very simple to crank the handle. I don't think you will notice any difference whether you are embossing a border or a full plate. You should only be doing one piece of card stock at time so there will be little to no resistance.
I don't believe Stampin' Up has a "version" of this particular embossing machine. What they do have is the BigShot, which does so much more than the texture boutique. The Boutique is limited to embossing, where the BigShot not only can be used for embossing but also for die cutting. I hope this helps!
I've found that the Fiskars texture plates are too big to fit into the texture boutique.
I was not able to find anything on using bottle caps with this machine. I would not recommend using bottles caps with this product however, you can contact Sizzix and they will be able to let you know for sure if you can use this item to flatten bottle caps.
I read the 1 lb box contains approximately 5100 pins so I assume the 1/2 lb box contains around 2500. I've never counted them myself.
About 2000. This box is much larger than the packages of 750 pins that I had been buying.
yes
These are just regular straight pins, just in bulk quantity.
Yes, they do have a small head. It's not much larger than the pin itself.
.030 guage. They can be used for silk depending on how fine the silk is. If it is very fine, you might want to use a thinner pin.
1000
The pins are 1" in lenght.
Yes, I just tried it and the 9x13 pan does fit in the bottom. It does cover the entire bottom but with a lid on the pan other things could fit in top of it.
The cover does not come off, but it is VERY heavy, durable vinyl and I would think that just about any soil or material would wipe right off!! It is well worth the money, in my opinion!!
it is brown but the flowers are a light bluish gray.
I own two, in different patterns. The only difference that I can see is the color or pattern. I think price differences are just different vendors our different times the pattern come from.
There is one small zippered pocket in the front. It is about the size of my hand.
Not a stiff, cardboard bottom. Bag technically hangs from frame but material is thick and sturdy. I use mine for grocery and other shopping and I have one on my bed for books and other bedside table stuff. Have not had any 'tippage' problem. Recommend for the price and cute styles.
unfolded the basket is 18inches long 10" wide and 8" deep (without the handles). I hope it helps! I thought it would be bigger when I orderd them.
There is an exterior pocket on one side that is about the size of a standard sandwich bag that does have a zipper. No interior pockets.
No there is no cover for this basket. It has a sturdy frame - seems pretty durable. We are using it for a sewing basket - it's nice and large - holds a lot of sewing supplies, patterns and even quite a bit of fabric.
I have no idea. I have only spot washed it with a damp cloth. My daughter loves hers for day trips.
I don't think this works well with thick fabrics. I tried using it with some thick fabrics and they simply didn't fit through the channel. Since it's metal, there's no give. However, if you're doing potholders, it might be squishy enough to compress and make it through. I've found it to be a really useful foot to have around for other uses though. It works great on everything except thick stuff. Also good to note that it doesn't accept double wide bias tape.
I don't really know but, check how your other feet attach and then check how this foot would attach. Also try checking Brother website or call their toll free number - they can verify if it will work. I called their toll free number - verified it would fit - purchased from Amazon because they had a better price. I love my foot --- great for piecing quilts as well as other craft projects. Good luck!!!!
I believe Kenmore's are a "low" shank machine so you should look for a low shank foot. I know that isn't a complete answer but you can find this information on the web.
Kimi, I think this will depend on the weight of the fabric. I would say yes, I think it will do this for medium weight materials as I have sewn pockets on a heavy cotton uniform.
I don't personally own that machine, but it is a Brother, so it should work.
Yes it will, it is very similar to my NV950 they both use the same shank.
I believe all Brother feet fit all Brother machines as long as it still has the same clip on attach.
Take a look to the following link, it shows that will work with Model XR-52C . Hope this helps .... http://www.brother-usa.com/supplies/accessories.aspx?ASKU=SA109#.Ushg4_RDsrU
Yes if using very thin batting and you are exact in your stitching but a walking foot does a better job on layers. I found that it is tight and you have to make sure you are over enough to cover the raw stitching.
I did not use it with long size pieces such as curtains, only with small pieces and I did not find it very easy to handle, you've got to sew at very slow speed on your machine. Hope it helps. Cheers
Not terribly difficult. Graphics are very poor and hard to see what you are making. Waste of money as once you link a cartridge you cannot unlink. According to Cricut licensing you must then sell the cartridge with the Gypsy or they can sue you. I had problems with them over this.
Would not buy see responses about the gypsy. It is no longer being sold. Not a good product.
yes and when it breaks you have a hassle to get linked to a new one. it sucks!
I do not know - please note that mine no longer works and after some internet research - mine is not the only one. Many on line feel they failed due to soft wear problems when updating. And you must update or some cartridges won't work on it. Cricut put me through many on line fixes that did not work - so after 2 years that's it! My personal opinion is that they let me down in a big way. I personally am so done with Cricut. Also you can only load your cartridges into one Gypsy ever - something you agree to with each cartridge as you load them - so buying a new Gypsy ( if you can find one new) is not the answer. Cricut doesn't even make them any more. For those of us who do not want to lug a computer around to create - it was a good tool for a while. Save your money.
It does have the back part
It will only sit on a flat surface.
Approximately 4 lbs.
It has a large 'keyhole' cutout in the back of the neck for putting in a hook for hanging. (If you do not have a low ceiling you would need a wall hook that extends about the depth of the mannequin.) It also has a sturdy wire loop on the back of the neck for hanging on a hook.
Mines not
It is smooth
Yes it can, i also sell this model with an attached loop to be able to hang on a hook.
It really varies from company to company, it is a pretty average size, all the measurements are written clearly on the listing.
Yes it has a back and booty. As if it were a chunk of a body.
Yes, it is hollow, but it does have a back. Very nice.
I would watch him/her closely. My son nibbled the blue one and it dyed his mouth blue for a day.
it can but it won't erase. works best on glass like screen doors if you want to use it for holiday decorations.
Brown, black, purple, blue, yellow, red, green, and orange. The larger package has better colors.
I do not think the box specifies an age range. My son is 2 and he uses the crayons with no issues.
no! but use spic and span to get it off!
They are about the same as a regular crayon -- just longer and maybe only a tiny bit thicker.
Well I'm 33 and I love them. I think it really matters that the kids are old ENOUGH to use crayons. Not too old. I still color.
No
Sorry, I have not tried these on a black board. However, the crayons are not that bright. You may want to buy some neon colored ones for the black board.
Yes
My box says a product of the UK, but some parts are manufactured in China also
There are three or four "paint boards" to paint on but u will have to purchase your own watercolor paper if u want to paint more than 3 or 4 pictures.
No--and the entire thing was a waste of money--didn't perform at all as advertised--my suggestion would be to stay away from it!
sorry i didn't really try on the apron yet. i can put watercolor paper (size around A4) on the boards.
Yes, good quality.
I haven't used the stabilizer yet, but I thought it just tore away after the stitches were finished. I would guess that the remaining parts would easily wash away, but I'm not positive.
The prewound bobbins work fine, I have used each thread and have enjoyed my sewing machine and this kit.
I purchased this when I bought my PE770. It worked well to get me started, but I quickly new it was only just enough to get me started. the quality was good though and worked well with my machine.
The kit will work fine and has enough items to make it a good buy. gch
I am not sure. But probably if CE1100prw isn't listed, it probably doesn't. But you can go to Brother's website and it will tell you if will fit. Also checkout the manual that came with the sewing machine it will also tell you what table fits. I have PC420 PRW that it works excellent with.
Not sure - you might want to contact Brother. They have so many models listed on Amazon (not Amazon's fault) most of which don't fit this extension table. It's hard to tell which machines will work with it. I had to go to sewingmachineplus.com - you order the size, then give them your machine make/model and they cut it specific to your machine. It takes like 3 weeks to get it, but it fits.
I am not sure about the HE 240!! I have a Brother PC420 PRW that it fits perfectly. The Product Description provides a list of machines it fits, and the HE 240 is not mentioned...
I Googled Brother XR40 and couldn't find information supporting any Brother extension table fitting the XR40. There is an online company that makes a very nice extension tables to fit any sewing or embroidery machine. It's called Sew Steady from Dream World Machines. I got one for my Brother SE400 and am very pleased with it.
The Brother website says it fits Brother pc420. I have the same machine you asked about and it fits it great! You will wonder how you ever sewed without it.
Not without leaving a 4 inch hole in the middle if the work area and to me that is not a fit so ident it back!!
I don't think so but I would call Brother to make sure.
I would not believe anything Brother says about this extension table. Their literature said it would fit my machine. It didn't!
Yes it will. Thank you Patty
Yes it does
This sits in back or could be off to the side. Now that I have it and use it, I don't know why it is marketed specific to a machine brand; I can't see why it wouldn't work with any machine. Tried with my old Viking just fine. Love it though. Hope that helps.
Yes, you thread directly from the vertical pins that hold the spools. I've had mine for two years, and love it.
This thread stand (SA503 10 spool) is a stand alone stand and can be used with any machine. You just set it behind or to one side of your machine. Wanda
I use mine with a Brother 770, a single needle, and the stand is literally just that... a stand that sits behind the machine. It adds no other features, and I still have to manually feed the thread through for each color change. It just creates a different way to organize/feed your thread (i.e. it helps with upper thread breakage if you're having issues with that).
Brother SA539 Thread Stand for Innov-is Models - Sew Vac ... I would contact this dealer or a local dealer for Brother Innovis 2800D as below is what they recommend. www.sewvacdirect.com/brother-sa539-thread-stand-for-innov-is-models/ This company is on Amazon and has been reliable for other accessory information.
Yes, it works with any machine. I have used it my three machines.
Thread loops up through the top and yes it is adjustable love this product hope this helps :)
I have had this thread stand for 9 or so years and I have not found a spool that does not work. On strange spools or tubes of thread I have had to borrow a disk from my machine to hold them in place, but that was not a problem.
This sits behind your machine, does not attach. I have used this with several machines and works great as long as you have the room behind your machine and out of the way of your embroidery arm. Currently, I have mine sitting on a couple of wooden blocks so it is raised and easy to reach to changing thread is more convenient.
This stand is not attached to the machine. It just sit behind or to the side of the machine. Can't see why it would not work with your machine.
I don't have your machine but I have used the seam guide on a Brother Innovis 40, which is not a listed machine, and it works just fine. The hole the screw goes into on my machines measures about 1/8" (outside measurement). Hope this helps.
Yes. I have an se350 as well, and it works great. It fits into the hole on the feed dog covering on the outer edge of the seam alignment grid. Adjust the guide according to the measurement you need. It works well with the grid(it aligns with the measurements on the grid). You can also pivot it to help with curves
Hi Sharon, yes it does fit. Hope this helps Anna
Yes
I ordered one for my Brother SC 9500, and it did not fit.
sorry i can't help you. I bought it for my Elna and a small Brother (my go to class machine and I like it) but it doesn't fit either. It was a screw size and I couldn't get it off to try a larger size.; no hole on the Brother. I have macular and i am looking for all kinds of help for sewing straight seams. Interesting I asked Vking and other dealers and they didn't know anything about it. Bernina has a complicated one and very expensive and it probably won't fit. A famous quilt designer and artist Patrick Lose on a youtube video used his and the site had a disclaimer on it and said they had so many inquiries that said to check your dealer. HA! non know anything.
I have a cs6000i Brother sewing machine and it does NOT fit on it. Don't know about SE-270 D
I bought the seam guide for my Quattro 3 and am not familiar with the CE8080PRW. Your plate needs to have a hole to screw in the guide. I recommend you either look at the manuals that came with your machine or call a Brother dealer for confirmation.
Should work. If you have a hole for a screw on the sewing plate, then it will work!
I am not 100% certain if it will fit this particualr machine. Since the XL2600i is non-computerized, you can use the magnetic seam guide for this machine. I use the magnetic seam guide on two sewing machines that are are non-computerized and it works like a charm.
Yes, and they work quite well. I've never had any issues using these bobbins with my SE400.
If you will just go to http://www.brother-usa.com/supplies/accessorylist.aspx?Model=PC6500#.U76WY_ldXng you can find out all about what works with your PC6500 machine. Then click on "bobbins" it says that your machine uses SA155 bobbins (size 9.4). If you click on the tab "embroidery thread" it lists pre-wound bobbins PWB200 (white) & PWB200B (black) as suitable for your machine. You can order these bobbins from http://www.walmart.com/ip/Brother-Pre-wound-Black-Embroidery-Bobbin-Thread/34083995 (black $8.25) or go to Brothermall.com & put in your machine number (PC6500) then click on "embroidery thread" you can find the white pre-wound bobbins PWB200 (white $14.99) and black PWB200B (black $15.99). You can also buy spools of embroidery bobbin threads at any sewing machine dealer or online, You can also go to Amazon.com, click on "arts, crafts & sewing" then search for Brother PWB200 or PWB200B pre-wound bobbins" & both will pop-up for you ($8 - $9/pkg). Of course, you could just buy some more of your size bobbins SA155 & just wind your own as you need them just like you do your regular thread. JoAnn's & Hancocks may carry spools of 60 wt. embroidery bobbin thread. You could also go to your local Brother sewing machine dealer to buy what you need but you will usually pay more. I would definitely take the time to note somewhere in your computer or in your sewing machine manual (or buy a manual for your machine from Brother) both the bobbin number SA155 & the bobbin size 9.4 and that the bobbin thread they sell in the pre-wound bobbins is a 60 wt bobbin thread for future reference. Hope that this helps.
I went to the Brother-usa.com site & looked under "see all models" and clicked on "bobbins & cassettes" and it says that the 2800 D uses the same bobbins (SA156) as my sewing machine so I would think that the pre-wound bobbins (PWB250) for embroidery work would definitely work for your machine. http://www.brother-usa.com/Homesewing/ModelDetail.aspx?ProductID=NV2800D#.U3JEJPldXng If you have any more questions, the site also has a chat window to ask questions with a rep if you need any other clarification. You can order them from Amazon, Walmart & from Brothermall.com.
They would fit, but these are NOT embroidery needles. You need those for your machine, since you can't sew with yours, only embroidery. You also want to use sharps, never ballpoint to embroider, since you are going through the stabilizer. Ball point would not punch through the stablizer, only push. Brother installs Organ needles in the machine when it ships, and those are what is in the needle kit with your machine. I hope this makes sense to you.
yes
I think these are sharps. I has the number of 80/12 on the package. I use them on a Brother Sewing Machine.
If you're asking which machine these needles will fit, I can answer. They fit my Grandaughter's Brother, my Pfaff, AND my Bernina. I'd say they're universal, fitting most all machines, therefore probably a BabyLock as well. As I remember the price was extremely low and quantity HIGH. I've not had any trouble with them piecing quilts or machine quilting. They might not be appropriate for very thin like batiste or extremely heavy fabrics like canvas or multiple denims. Hope this helps.....
I don't know. My old machine was a singer. These seem pretty standard as machine needles go. When I insert the needle, the 'front' has an vertical indentation and I can see the hole through which I pass the thread. (Way back in the 70s, my 4-H teacher showed me this vertical indentation on the needle.) On the top shaft, the back is flat and the front is round. I would guess these will work provided the needles in your machine look similar.
Yes,thy were fine
Yes. They are standard size. I have both a Kenmore and three antique Singers, and they work fine in all, as well as my husband's Viking.
I have used these in all my machines for years. Have never had a problem. They should be fine in the 5700 or any other domestic sewing machine.
They are 130/705H needles with a flat side. I can't say they fit all machines, but they definitely fit my Singer. I think they are pretty standard. The size is 80/12. I don't know if it's the quality of the needles or that my sewing ability has improved, but they seem to last a long time with little breakage. Really happy I bought them. Quite a savings over the small packets of needles you find in stores or online. Hope this helps.
You would need to check the manual for your machine to know for sure. They work with my Brother machines OK, but I'm not an expert on sewing machines.
No. They are sharps.
Yes, you can use them for both types of sewing. I can only speak about embroidery machine needles in general - they are said to have a larger eye than other needles and a longer/larger thread channel along the needle so there are fewer snags/thread breakages. A brother dealer told me the regular Organ needles have a larger needle eye than other standard sewing machine needles. That is one of the reasons Brother uses this brand of needles to calibrate their machines and recommends them for sewing. They are great needles.
The Brother PE770 embroidery only machine requires a needle with a flat back. I would use Schmetz embroidery needles 130x705H-E in the correct size for your thread and fabric (size 11 or 14). If using polyester embroidery thread, 11's are the best size to use. Happy Embroidering!
Probably but I would not recommend buying from this vendor as they are very good with misleading advertising as you can see by the description it shows a 100 piece set yet they only send 10 needles which makes the price much higher than advertised
I am almost certain the multi-needle machines need different needles. Check your manual or call Brother Customer Service, you're going to get answers from people with regular sewing/embroidery machines here. Be certain, call your customer service for a specific answer. Those machines are too expensive and not worth throwing it out of alignment because of incorrect needles.
Since you didn't get an answer on your question, I'll try to answer you. First, these are EMBROIDERY needles, not sewing needles. As long as you know the difference, you'll be fine. Otherwise, I'd call Bernina and ask them if these will work, because asking questions here will only get answers from Brother machine owners, because Brother installs Organ needles and suggests these to their users. Again, I'd call Bernina if you haven't already done so.
Yes
They fit. Thank you.
I have had good luck with them so far..........only ordered recently but no complaints so far. Have done both woven and knit fabrics.
yes
The large snowflake is approximately 2" X 2". The small approximately 1" X 1". Great for cards, gift tags, gift bags.
The diameter of the cut snowflake is 2".
I tried it on a piece of regular fabric and it didn't work so it probably won't on felt
no!!! It cuts the snowflake but you can't get the paper out without tearing it.
About 2 1/2 inches from top to bottom and 2 1/2 inches side to side
7 mm I do Have the 9MM also. Please phoneme if you need anthting. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
It is 7 inches
Hi, Unfortunately we do not offer international shipping
Mary Kay, The 6500 has a threader on it. So does the 6300. You should be able to find video's on You Tube which would show you how they work. Thank you,
Yes, it is very easy! All you have to do is turn the screw (to the right of the needle) towards you until it loosens enough to take the needle out and replace it with the new one. Then, you just tighten the screw and you are done!
Pam, Approximately 9 inches from needle over to right side. Thank you
Hi Patricia, no it doesn't
yes
Hi if you go to janome.com it tells you what it accessories it comes with and if you but from us you get a bonus kit with this machine which includes: FREE Janome Ditch Quilting Sewing Foot, FREE Janome Roller Sewing Feet, FREE Janome Concealed Zipper Sewing Foot, FREE Janome Applique Sewing Foot, FREE Janome Button Sewing Foot, FREE Janome Straight Stitch Sewing Foot, FREE Janome Size 16 Universal Needles, FREE Janome Size 14 Leather Needles, FREE Janome 10 Pack of Bobbins
If you don't know what a free arm is, you have no business paying that kind of money for a sewing machine. Go learn to sew first.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
I added a layer of cotton batting and then a printed flannel backing on it. I added Binding around the edges to attach them. But you could do a piece of flannel by putting it face to face with the front design, sewing it around the edges, flipping it right side out, and then sewing a decorative stitch/ seam all the way around to close the edges.
Yes... its alot of fun to do.... if u have a hobby lobby near by u can pick it up a little cheaper... I just put a new back on it... I have also built a patch quilt around it so that it can be expanded to fit the bed
No, just cross stitched.
That would be hard to say, it will take me close to two months, but I have done these kits for years off and on. In addition I put in between 24 or more hours per week on it.
My daughter is making this one. But I have made many stamped cross stitched blankets and yes in general it washes out so make sure you don't wash it til you are all done with the blanket.
Hello It says on the bandanna in one of the corners: Hav-A-Hank (registered trademark) RN 15187 100% Cotton Made in China. That's All Folks
I just measured it and the solid border is 1-3/4"
Yes, these are pretty good printed cotton bandanas.
just one
Made in china; fairly sure.
No, not at all.
One the clay has dried, it cannot be reused. I have had my clay since April and can still use the clay. As long as it in resealable container, I assume it can be used until it is gone. It is terra cotta color, more red/brown than orange.
I haven't tried it on a wheel, but the texture seems right. I've added water for smoothing the surface, and it didn't crack as it dried as long as I didn't leave it too wet. It is an air dry clay, of course.
I have an aromatherapy amphora, and I would stick with kiln-fired clay for an item like this, personally. You might give this air dry clay a shot for a room amphora or "biscuit," but I wouldn't wear it, because I'm pretty sure the oils and moisture would break down the dried clay piece.
its natural clay but you can use it the same way you use polymer clay it holds paint extremely well and you can make charms and other things with it
No its non toxic
No it does not stain after dried and the color does not rub off
Yes.
Yes.
yes they do! I could attach a photo I would show you.
Made in the USA
Wish I could attach a picture, I squeezed it out for my 1 & 3 year old granddaughters.
I've never really noticed a smell. If your sense is keen you may smell a faint chalky paint scent. Definitely nothing to be worried about, no matter how sensitive one is.
I chose these over the crayola kids paint because I read reviews that state the crayola kids paint comes in 2 oz bottles. I was thinking more paint and less hassle to replenish. I am sure both products are great.
We do, but with any paints, it will change the water color, etc. .. have if they paint the walls, then just clean up after. I mix the paint with shaving cream to make it last substantially longer (they don't care). But, If you have tiles with grout, then make sure the grout is recently sealed so it does not discolor it. Use basic common sense :))
GOOD
The ingredients are not listed on the tube. It is non-toxic, that is the only info on the tube and box. Their website states that the exact ingredients are proprietary. My kids ate it, it's what they do.
It doesn't say what the ingredients are, so I have no idea. sorry.
No, they didn't get sick at all. My girls (age 2) were eating it and using it as body paint (not advisable according to the instructions) and they were fine.
Yes
It is free motion. It is controlled by your movement. So anyway you move your hands up, down or sideways it will move. It sits upon two pieces of PVC pipe. It is the best product for quilting out there. Works Great!!
The included PVC pipe is 48" long. I've replaced the PVC pipe with 8' conduit, therefore it is possible to change the size of the frame to suit your convenience by purchasing PVC pipe or conduit in your desired width.
I do not know. My machine is a Singer 9960 and I have not cushioned anything with the frame
I have not. I would prefer to do something like that on sewing machine alone since it would be easier to control
Yes
Hi Matt, I am not that far on my quilt to know for sure. But I am planning on using it with my machine. It looks like the person in the picture shown using in it is using a regular sewing machine. So when I get this far with my quilt I will be winging it. Sorry I can't be of more help.
check the specification details to be sure but I think the white is only 36 inches wide, whereas, the red is 48 inches wide
10 - 11 pounds, it's mostly PVC pipe.
According to the directions depending on the size of the quilt you can use longer rods to accommodate the size. It starts off with (3) 48 inch rods, made of PVC. The instructions gives you further information on this machine. Very useful info is also include on how to use it.
have not used the stickers yet, but they have hearts with punch out cross in the middle, children of different colors, with diffeent names like faith, praise, stars,fish shapes - they look very inviting to start working with.
It has been a long time, but I don't believe there were many in the container. Maybe 5-10 actual people. It is hard to remember, but I do remember not having enough for all the kits I was putting together. Hope this helps!
This package contains a variety of shapes and assorted colors of God's Children Stickers.
A LOT! I started on it for last Christmas for my grandson and just finished it up last night (coincidence?). Of course, I didn't work on it this year until I just picked it up again last week. I did get it finished enough to hang up for last Christmas. I would have to guess at least 40 hours, probably more. Be sure to buy extra white embroidery thread, and I suggest a needle threader. It wasn't very difficult, just time consuming, and totally worth it!! Very cute!! My grandson is just getting into trains and he's going to love it.
You must cut them out.
Easily! Just use a smaller size letter. The templates it comes with are easy to manipulate! Have fun!
Includes several afghan designs, toys, hats, a pillow, pouch. Of course you need to supply your own yarn - for the price. Great learning book since it shows the stitches closeup.
I've got the same package, and it doesn't have yarn bobs with it as stated in description. I haven't found any yarn bobs inside the book, either.
I don't have this kit but I've seen it at Michaels. It does not include yarn. I think yarn bobs must be bobbins to wind extra yarn around, not the yarn itself. In fact, this link will show what these "bobs" are: http://www.elann.com/Commerce.web/product.aspx?catID=33&id=114532. It would be more helpful if they were included in the picture.
I bought lion yarn with this kit.thanks sudha
The back of the book says "Made in Mexico". The engraving on the hooks also say Mexico. Hope that helps!
Yes! We purchased this for our American girl doll and it fits perfectly.
Should fit with no problem. I got this for my daughter's 18" doll and it fit perfectly.
Yes ma'am. It is excellent quality and fits well.
An american girl doll is 18inches in height with an "average" body build. I'm sure you can easily find specific measurements on their website. Their hip/bottom area tends to be a smidge thicker than an inexpensive doll and this skirt slips over nicely.
My daughters have american girl dolls that are 18inches and that is what the dimensions for the outfit is. The outfit fits the 18 inch dolls pretty snug so I'm thinking that it wouldn't be a very good fit.
2 black pads and one thin shim. The black pads are hard. These are for the Texture Boutique machine.
I always use the clear plates and the platform. This allows for deep impressions.
I'm not sure. I haven't used mine yet. Sorry
I am not very familiar with the vagabond but for what I know I believe it works.
It depends on the thickness of your embossing folders and the individual papers used. I seem to get the deepest, best impressions when I use it so I end up using it most of the time. Hope this helps! Virginia
Hey there, what are great storage idea for your lipstick :) The bead tubes that you can store in this tower are about the size of a single chapstick, or the size of two chapsticks put together ( one on top of each other )Hope this helps, Alice
It depends on the diameter of the tubes. Empty tubes in which samples are stored, could possibly be your answer. The loops are elastic and are approx. 8 to 10 mm. unstretched.
yes it will, but then you cant fill every slot the elastic will hold 1/2 inch tubes in each slot but if you put bigger ones in it there is only room for one in every other slot.
Depending on the method you're using. Yes this can be hung on the wall.
3" tubes these are the ones I purchased off of Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AKIO5UI/ref=ox_ya_os_product - Clear Storage Tubes 3 Inches Long - For Seed Beads and Delicas (50 Tubes) the 6" will go all the way across.
I don't use mine for beads but I can fit two small markers in each slot. I hope that helps.
No it does not I ordered the 3" tubes from amazon as well as some 6" and they fit no problem. Nice and snug no falling out.
The pictures of the beads are much better than the quality you actually receive. Most of them vary greatly in size and can't be combined in a bracelet. You really have to pick and choose. At least that's what I found with my lot.
No
Yes
The center hole is 1/8".
About 52 or 53.
It comes with alot of colors but alot of the silver inserts were missing. I would not repurchase this item
No they don't, but I love mine and had many I can share with my Family too! Very Happy!
No. The picture is marked 925 silver, but they aren't. And there is no marking.
they are shipping from china&#65292;that's why&#12290;
Probably are. The beads are crap. Don't buy
I have a airbrush compressor that is 1/5 HP oil-less and quite quiet. It will overheat after like an hour or so, but works great, just make sure if you get a small compressor that you do NOT get one without a tank on it. It should look like 2 tanks on top of each other. If you get one without a air tank on the bottom you will get inconsistent air pressure as well as overheat it pretty quick. Mine is a silver motor on top of a black tank and is pretty small has a moisture trap and air hose. Also this airbrush is probably not going to be best suited for you if you are going to be painting miniatures. The needle is large which allows quite a bit of paint to come out making it very difficult to paint small details. I would recommend the badger renegade krome. The patriot seems to work well with putting out a lot of paint. I use my patriot for laying down kandy colors over a larger surface than a miniature. The krome will produce hair size lines, or like inch size lines, with the 105 patriot you will likely not get any finer of a line than a skinny marker would give you.
Depending on the type of compressor you buy, you made need a different fitting in order to attach the Badger hose to the regulator/moisture trap. For a great, affordable compressor check out the tc-20 or tc-20t from TCP global. Com. You can pick up the difference t connection couplings from any hardware store for about two bucks. Make sure to get some Teflon tape to wrap around the connections to prevent leaks. Hope this helps.
Bufff I have no idea, I am using for models
I believe that the only difference is that the BWH comes with an extra tip.
I purchased a Badger Air-Brush 10 feet company braided air hose, my regular hose would not fit the Patriot 105 fine gravity. I also purchase what they call a QD Couplet 51-042 just to make sure but did not need it as the new hose fit fine. there is alot of detail on the Amazon web site. if you need assistance just let me know and I'll do some research for you.
No. Mine did not but I did purchase it around a year ago so it could have changed however that is unlikely.
Yes the quality is not as good but you can use it with that.
I used it for automotive paint. That was the sole purpose of my purchase. It covered a small area with every spray. Do not rush to paint your car right away. Practice how to control the airbrush before painting directly on your car. Keep the airbrush absolutely clean with passion. A little lapse in diligence can cause a great deal of trouble. Follow this advice religiously. No kidding. Buy a set of cleaning brushes. This is where the work is. Painting is over in just a few seconds. Adjusting the fluid viscosity is almost impossible in words. You just have to find your rope by trial and error. Good luck.
Yes you can unlock that dial and with the lever in the forward, closed position, manually retract the pin from it's seating in the tip to the desired paint flow rate and then lock the knurled dial. Of course practice this on scrap paper! This setting should not affect the air flow (downward motion on the lever). As long as you just press down and not BACK this will work, but there is no engineered stop behind the lever to prevent you from spraying a heavier line during a "fat fingered" moment. Frankly I think it is pretty easy to hold the lever where you want it. -Kind of like the motor memory you have for how much pressure a sharp pencil tip can take. -But I only do small work and short sweeps... I suppose you could get tired of holding a lever position.
A Badger #50-2011 10ft braided hose with a 1/4 inch female end works great as well as a Badger #51-042 Quick Disconnect is super.
All that is needed is to place the tube in an old sock and spin it for a couple of minutes then try it again if still separated spin it again til it has remixed. that or sit and shake it for 20 or 30 minutes. I like the sock method as I can get my grandkids to do it for me and they love to spin the sock.
The one I received did. Different shades. I'm happy with my kit.
yes they are 1oz tubes
This set includes all the colors aunt marthas has plus extras of the most used colors. but unfortunately it only come with 6 tube protectors. But you can always purchase more tube protectors if you need them. All in all this is a very good deal
to get the paint to flow you need to gently squeeze the tube and run the tip over a scrap of fabric, much like a ball point pen when you 1st get it. If after several tries this does not work follow the instructions to replace the tip.
I really dont remember...I have a 10" an oval and a small Ring but ive had them for so long I dont remember where I got them...sorry I couldnt answer your question but you might see if there is a website for "tri-chem" they were the original ball point paint company...
It can be rather hard to get them to flow.Squeeze the very end of the tube,gently. Then hold pen upright and simply write with it. However, it may be a bad batch of tips- buy a pack of replacement nibs and switch them.
The packaging does not specify but they do contain minerial spirits so my guess would be they are oil based. They are permanent after 48 hours and can be washed or dry-cleaned.
Yes
Yes and no, depends where it's made from. This one is made in France, the other set I bought was made in Mexico. They are similar to the items they sell at Michael's, JoAnn's, Crafts Direct, some other craft stores.
Combining the same colors from this kit or other colors? I saw no difference in sheen between theses and other DMC colors.
I don't think so...just the more popular colors.
there are 25 colors,=3 different colors of red,3 different colors of green,4 different colors of blue,pink,coral,white,black,grey,brown,ecru,orange,tan,dark grey,light brown,eggshell,and 3 different colors of yellow.these are beautiful colors.
It is made in Mexico, hope this helps you.
I don't think there was in this one. I bought 2 different ones and one was from the store to get one with black. hope this helps you.
The letters are about 1/2 inch in height. I used them for a card for my granddaughter.
not exactly sure what is made of but it is a very thin sheet of plastic. I use it with pencils & write on books or pages. I don't tape it down, although that may help! I just securely hold it in place using my left hand. The plastic is good enough to run my pencil easily along the edges of each letter. So I like them quite well. JM
Approx 1/2 an inch
Some vary depending on the particular letter, but they can be up to 6 inches wide. Therefore, they were too wide for me on some projects. I wasn't thrilled.
No question mark included .
The whole alphabet is included.
Yes
5-Inch Cursive Upper Case(in the title)
paper thickness not cardstock
Description states 12 sheets.
12 to 15
Light weight, similar to that of the paper in the $1 section at Target. It is NOT card stock.
I don't know exactly how much it weighs, but it's definitely less than 20 lb; and I also don't know how it compares to the Winsor & Newton watercolor easel, but it's reviews are much better and they are the same price: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0038M1KX8/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_1?pf_rd_p=1535523722&pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1&pf_rd_t=201&pf_rd_i=B00004THRL&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=0WXE072YHFNRF9P8QZ1V It was really easy to put together and it is lightweight, I personally think it's a little flimsy, but I tend to brush vigorously at times and that is when I have a problem; as long as you are not using your paintbrush with too much force it is fine. I used some strong electrical tape to secure the part the canvas rests on to the legs of the easel and made sure I taped it in a way that would still allow me to adjust the legs as needed, works for me.
I believe it can be... The legs get pretty short and they lock into place so I do not see why not.... Hope that helps
No, it does not and it is not worth the money. It is extremely light weight and unstable.
Yes the legs. Pull out three levels or positions. One other comment is that the feet have pointed tips to stabilize on outdoor surface. I have to put a mat down on my hardwood floors.
I do not think so that is quite a large piece. Hope that helps.
yes
Yes. There are two sets of clamps on each of the legs.
The drawers themselves are around 6 inches in depth. The 8.2 is the over hangs on the top and the bottom of the unit.
4 1/4" wide, 5" front to back, 4 3/4" deep
Yes
Yes, it does come assembled.
Yes one hairbrush per drawer.
I found this conversion chart: http://blog.myenmart.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/Iris-floss-to-dmc-conversion.pdf However, I have not ordered this product and can NOT verify if the skeins are labeled with numbers.
The packs I've gotten had all colors except gold, silver and grey. The color combinations seem random, there are many shades of the same color which varies from pack to pack. For example, in one pack there were 7 shades of red, but another pack had 5 shades of red. Also, there aren't even numbers of colors, so using the same example, in the different shades of red, you may get between 1 to 6 in each shade. Same goes for all other colors. In one of the packs, there was an absolutely gorgeous shade of green, but there were only 2 in the entire pack. Hope this helps.
The threads in the pack are soft and matte. Good colors too
Not a stupid question at all. However, while this is a nice package of embroidery floss, my one complaint is it tangles fairly easily. It is not as smooth as some other flosses I have used in the past, so I wouldn't recommend machine embroidery with this particular brand. Although if you take care, it's a great, beautifully colored floss for hand embroidery.
No, I can't remember how many different colors there were. I think you get 3 or 4 of each color
I really don't remember how many bobbins came into the package. For my wife the bobbins aren't relevant, as we make ours from cardboard. You can use one of the plastic bobbins as a template to make your own cardboard bobbins.
No I just use it like I get it :)
It has the color number on each stand. Other then that no.sorry.
Short answer: NO! I bought this for my granddaughter who was seven at the time. You would think the manufacturers would make it simple so that a child could use it. Three adults, including me, and I have been sewing since I was ten, could not even figure out how to thread it. When we finally thought we had it right, the needle wouldn't move. We packed it up and returned it. Very disappointing as it was a Christmas present. It's better to buy a Brother or Singer made for adults. Hope this helps.
No
The machine is a piece of crap return if you can...invest in a brothers machine
Yes mine broke the first time I used it. The little knob that you push to reverse went flying across the living room never to be found {probably accidentally vacuumed it up}. This thing was a piece of junk and I got my money back right away. I would steer clear of this product if you are a potential buyer...even for light use it does no better than a flimsy handheld unit. Spend a little more and get a REAL sewing machine.
Yes it does have a reverse switch, but it is flimsy and mine lost the switch cover the first time I used it. I'm gonna be straight with you..you're better off spending a little more on a good machine. If you plan on doing some serious sewing I wouldn't waste your money.
Standard singer needles work. Get them at any sewing supply store.
im pretty sure it will i used it on knitted cotton fabric from men's night/undershirts and it worked with that fabric.
No. The bobbin is useless. Thread is bunched up terribly on back of fabric
You can use regular spools and wind the bobbin with anything. It does reverse. The only thing wrong with this is the noise. And starting the seam is tricky because it pulls the thread out of the needle if you don't hold the thread.
Nope. It is simple and easy to thread it yourself though. It accepts any type of thread within reason.
Yes
Binder only. I already had the plastic sheets.
Good product. Put in about 300 pictures with additional pages.
I don't have the binder, gave it away on a project. I inserted full page documents and photos in heavyweight sheet protectors and they fit nicely, nothing hanging out. I didn't fill the binder,about 50%, had 100 sheet protectors. Sure hope this help. It's a nice binder, very expensive looking. Howard
It's 11 3/4" tall, 12" wide, and 3" deep.
Just twelve
a dozen.
I don't remember the exact count but let me say for the money it was worth me buying this product from you instead of cutting them out myself. Great product. My project turned out GREAT!!! Thanks so much
I do not know the answer to this question. I had one of these to use with my Viking Husqvarna sewing machine, and it worked well, until I lost it in my recent move. I knew my former one was made like this, but I still "googled" the model of sewing machine to be sure it was compatible. Happily it was!!! Hope this helps.
Based on the Singer website the ruffler foot should be compatible with the curvy 8770.
I love it. Making ruffles with this foot it's so easy thank you
Yes it does. Thats what I have and it fits and works great. Just make sure to oil it well.
I have a Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 and it fits and works just fine. It attaches just like any other presser foot does. Quick and easy to use. I absolutely love it! Good luck.:o)
I do believe that this ruffler foot is a low-shank, so if your machine has a low-shank you should be ok
Unfortunately it does not. This RUFFLER foot only worked for one day and when I went to use it again it broke my singer.
Yes, remember to place the hook on the needle bar.
I do not really know; if it is it should say on the package.
Sorry I do not know if it will fit or not.
Yes, it swivels 360 degrees, and you can angle it for your comfort and convenience. I haven't yet used it with a king sized quilt, but for smaller quilts (e.g., twin), I simply rolled and clipped the excess fabric to keep it out of the way. I love this hoop because the stand sits nicely on my lap, freeing up my hands to work. I've had really good luck with it so far, and I highly recommend it. Good luck!
I'm sorry but I don't have an answer.
This item has a 14" diameter hoop with the dimensions 18 x 17 x 3 inches. If there is anything further we can assist you with please let us know.
I measured mine and agree with the 2 1/2" -3" estimate.
not that I am aware of... you can buy the bins separate, but I have never found just the cart
They hod quite a beight of weight........my trays are packed full of 12x12 cardstock, each tray weighes approximately 12 lbs. A single cart contains 6 trays...I have stacked 2 carts on top of each other so there are 12 trays per cart, making each cart weight approximately 145 lbs. I have 6 double stacked carts in my scraproom, full of cardstock and have never had any issued with weight. I opted not to use the castors, but did have my husband put a long piece of wood under the carts to help stablelize them on the carpet. so when I pull out a tray, they did not wobble as much. I love, love, love these carts for storing my 12x12 cardstock....I also use them to store other scrapbooking accessories. If you use the castors, then I would you recommend you not use this much weight, as it would be very difficult to push the loaded cart around. Hope this answer helps you.
Yes, sort of, not a handle with a hole. Just dented/molded so you can grab it and carry it.
Can you stack 2 whole carts? No, I would NOT suggest doing that. I would definitely buy another cart for even more storage, though. The cart is very nice. I bought it for my daughter, and she loves it. The boxes are quite nice and fit nicely into the cart, which makes it very convenient for storing the boxes, and it's nice to be able to roll it where you want to work.
Each level can come apart and these aren't drawers these are the project cases that have the clamshell type opening. You need to take them al the way out to open them. I love this because I can transport it to events and all my items stay secure and I can easily switch and choose which ones I want to bring with me.
It is 24 1/2 " without the rollers. It wouldn't fit where I needed to put it with the rollers. I really like it though. It really fits my scrapbooking & card making needs.
I'm not going to be much help, because I couldn't find anywhere that sold a cart like this without the storage containers. Maybe someone else will respond that knows someplace to buy one. Good Luck!
It would probably work although others might work better. The drawers can be removed from the cart and carried around which is nice. But they are on the thinner side and a child might have trouble opening them. I know i have to work at it sometimes. Although this might be a good thing or a bad thing based on your situation. The cart itself rolls nicely but I don't think it would hold up to a toddler climbing on it. Howeve if it is for an older child then that wouldn't be a probl
If you want a flat surface I think it will be 33.5 inches at the highest setting, unless you modify it somehow (assuming you have mad "jerry-rigging" skills). I think if you have the surface tilted vertically it might reach 46 in., but then the bottom of the surface seems rather low for using as an artist. Maybe as a display it would be okay. Maybe. I think it works better in a horizontal position, or slightly slanted, in which case one end would be higher than 33 in. And the other edge would be lower. 46 in is misleading, unless this item has changed since I bought it.
Yes, it is actually very easy to adjust in height and in inclination.
Sort of. The top can be folded down to lay against the legs.
Yes, but there are probably better solutions. The table as some movement side to side. Pushing material around your machine may result in some table movement and or vibration..
The top is laminated particle board. I don't know about the legs. It is not very sturdy. Gave it 2 stars.
No, its not meant for a tv, and not sturdy enough enough.
No it does not wobble back an forth quite sturdy good design,
Hi hba864, As long as you were comfortable sitting while you paint. It is designed to be a light duty drafting table. I used this table to hold a heavy old style computer and it had no issues. Painting should be fine!
We've had this table for a while, the table measures 24"x36" and if I remember correctly the box was quite large with the packing the box was more like 30x40x12
I don't really adjust it ever- I'm not the best puter-together-er. It seems fairly simply though.
Yes. Not all patterns however can be entirely paper pieced. There is still some hand sewing and appliquing required.
No, it works independently. It has been a couple of years since I used it, but it worked fine to copy off all the patterns.
Yes you can even print most patterns as paper pieces templates too
did you get the Mac Version of EQ? if not, then that is what you need ;-/
There are issues with Macs and EQ software. I think they've been working on it. Check out the EQ site for details, customer support is helpful.
It is included
No. The CD is so much better than the book.
yes... all blocks and triangles... I'd get the cd too then you can print out the blocks for paper piecing etc.
Not specifically. It is designed for PC users. There are, however, MAC users and a mac user forum within the EQ user groups. They can provide more details on how to use this software if you are interested. EQ has some info on the subject here: http://electricquilt.com/support/using-eq-on-macs/ I have not yet installed on my mac laptop but will have to do so in the near future because I just can't go back to PC. Best Wishes, Heather
It does, but don't buy it. It is very poor quality and parts of it have already come off and my kids were plenty gentle with it.
In order for for this to fold, the baskets must be removed and the small boards on the side must be removed.
Any 18" wide easel paper roll will work. We ordered the Melissa & Doug Easel Paper Roll from Amazon.
I ordered the set from this website. http://www.dickblick.com/products/art-alternatives-wood-easel/
No they don't but it's good that they don't.
It was a gift so I really can't help!
Yes!
Yes. It is in between the chalk and whiteboard. It rolos out through the top.
It's a great easel because it adjusts! I bought it for my daughter when she was ten and put it on the highest height setting. Now five years later our younger daughter, age 4, is using it on the lowest height setting.
It is not magnetic, but it attracts kids who like to draw, scribble,doodle, and even some parents who used to be artistic. It is a good thing to have in your living room so young artists can have easy access to the space and may not resort to drawing on the walls.
9 in. wide, 35 in long
No, this is a flat "soapstone" glass, no ridges or bevels, not very bright
I would not recommend this. The glass is not too thick. I put mine behind my existing window. The colors are really beautiful. I hope this helps you. Helga
It is 9 inches wide (and a very nice piece!).
Hello Dana. To answer your question : NO. It only has two hooks that are welded at the top; unless you could find someone who could do the welding on the horizontal side.
It's made to be hung vertically pictured. It can be adapted by a glass store to hang horizontally by moving the hanging hooks.
Yes, with modifications. Hooks must be moved and re souldered
No. Unless you can solder on new hanging loops
Unfortunately, I can't be of any help here - I cut off the hooks and attached the whole thing horizontally as a window over the front door.
I have this item, and it has the hanging brackets already permanently attached to the short top side.
I'm not sure but there are six different length shanks included to fit various machines. Hopefully one will work.
It shouldn't make any difference. The placement of the convex and concave pieces will be the same. There is a good tutorial on UTube that will show how to use this foot. It is a really great tool and makes the process easy. Whether the curve turns to the right or left will depend on the way you turn the piece once it is stitched together.
if you have a SNAP ON attachment it will work. if you don't have a snap on, it will work as well because several adaptors are included to fit low shank and high shank machine. get it, you will enjoy the results
There is a converter for tall shank machines, so you could use this with your machine. But I would get the converter first. I've seen them on eBay and you could check out goldstar tools on the web.
yes, that is the machine I usually use it on.
The best source of information is the website; they're also quick to answer questions. http://www.justcurves.biz
Place the fabric under the presser foot next to the quarter inch rim/lower needle to hold fabric lift up ther top fabric and hold close to the rim as you sew as you get to the very end use your tweezers to hold the top fabric and it just slips into place. no pins. you do not pull or streatch and it just falls into place. You may watch a you tube on the procedure as well
Yes it will and you will love it
I have the Lilly and it works great. There a several shanks that will help also. I believe the package even states that this foot is for Husqvarnas. t
It took me a while but I finally figured it out. Turn it inside out.
Not that I'm aware. I measured my palm from the bottom of my little finger to the widest part of my thumb, which is about 4". If you do the same that should help you with sizing. Anything over 4" and you'll need a large. Anything smaller that 4" and you'll need small. Hope this helps.
I use the glove on my left hand for knitting. Take hold at the wrist and pull the glove completely inside out (just like turning a sock). Although, the thumb area has "stays" in it, they turn easily with a small adjustment at the end of the thumb compartment. Hope this helps. Marjory Overholt
They do not spin.
I don't recommend using these wheels on such small legs. While the width may handle the 1" square at the bottom of your table's legs if you use the wheels in a U-shape configuration, the length of the wheels is too long (2") and might make the table unstable.
I have rolled the cart on both hardwood and carpeted surfaces and had no issues.
Yes, i believe that woukd work, it cones with really strong adhesive tape. The only issue i see is that these are wheels that only roll forward and back, these are not casters that let you roll anywhere. It might be a hassle. These arent for ultra heavy weights. Id take some extra duct tape with, just in case its needed.
Not sure if it would stick permanently. I stuck mine to the fabric under my ottoman and I had to come back and reinforce it. It does come with various ways to attach it but this is a less expensive set. Not sure anything would be permanent on fabric. I would use fabric screws and also tapes.
mine are black
If the pet carrier has a flat surface on the bottom yes, but I would think that you would need the ones that turn. These wheels don't turn so you are going to have a hard time with them. I don't recommend these for what you are going to use them for,. I used mine to mount a speaker cabinet that I rarely move but when I do I have to pick it up from the front to make it turn.,
Yes, they could.
Haven't taken mine off. Believe though that it would depend on the surface. The stickem would roll off a solid slick surface.
I bought a set of screw on and a set of stick-on. I've kept the stick-on in arrears in case of an emergency need as I didn't trust them with the large and heavy item they were to be affixed to. I suppose if the carry-on were light enough and if there were sufficient secure space for the adhesion, one could go at the front and one could go at the back(or either side), but wouldn't it be rather tipsy?
They're sold in pairs.
Measure your hand with a tape measure around the knuckles of your hand .Measure your dominant hand - the right if you are right-handed, and the left if you are left-handed. Note: some manufacturers indicate glove sizes by inches and others by Small, Medium, Large, etc. Some indicate the size of a pair of gloves the same way the manufacturer does. Use the tables below to find your size. I HOPE THIS INFORMATION HELP YOU .Women's Sizes Inches Mark with " .x-small 6" 15CM small 6" 17 CM medium 7" 18 CM large 7" 19 CM x-large 8" 20 CM Men's Sizes inches Mark with " small 7" 18 CM medium 7" - 8" 20 CM large 8" - 9" 23 CM x-large 9" - 10" 25 CM xx-large 10"- 11" 30 CM
I don't know because I haven't tried the IMAK. IOf you can find more Info I would like to know. I do feel the Dritz gloves make my arthritic hands feel much better when I am wearing them.
Measure your hand across the fingers at the knuckles. My hand is 3 inches wide and I take a medium. Under 3 inches would be small. Over 4 inches would be large. Remember, these gloves need to be somewhat snug. Don't include the thumb, just the four knuckles, and you should do all right.
Breathable and soft Cotton. Per the box: 92% Cotton, 8% Spandex
I just ordered a small, my hand size is 6 1/2 and I wanted it snug. So it fits perfect.
The gloves that I received are brown. I don't recall any mention of green as an option.
I don't have the packaging anymore so please take that into consideration. My best guess is no. They feel like thick stretch t-shirt fabric.
I bought my true size. The gloves are already made to be snug. I wouldn't want to have a size smaller bc I think theyd be too tight and cut off my circulation.
These are a jersey knit like a t-shirt. The label says 92% cotton and spandex.
I tried all three tubes of gloss I have and no they don't fit
I do not know what Promarkers are but I ordered this and sent it back. I then ordered a different kind of case which hold up to 72 alcohol ink markers. I did not like the Copic Markers compared to the new Blendabilites from Stampin' Up!. I went to work with SU last Oct. and love their products. I now own the new colors and more will be available soon to buy. If you want any more information contact me again.
I don't know. I've not used Prismacolor markers so I'm not familiar with their dimensions.
No. Spectrum Noir markers are square and have a larger diameter than copic sketch markers (which are slimmer and rectangle shaped). I bought these to store my copics (ciao and sketch) and it didn't work because the ciao markers kept falling over. It's a great case but only for copic sketch markers.
I have it and it's exactly one inch. Enjoy your project.....
You stamp the design flower you want on a pretty piece of paper and then punch it out. The punch is just the general shape. What makes it pretty is the stamp you use and the pretty paper you use.
No. It was meant for paper only. Gosh, I wish it did:. That would open up a lot of creativity.
One, a boy.
Total inside dimensions for the drawer are 11 and 3/4" wide, 9" long, and 3/4" deep. The drawer is divided into 3 sections. The section at the front of the drawer is 11 and 3/4" wide and 2 and 1/2" long. As for the other sections, one is 7 and 1/4" wide and 6 and 1/2" long. The other section is 4 and 1/4" wide and 6 and 1/2" long. BTW, I now use a thin plastic cutting board (14" x 10 and 3/4"), and a Mainstays "flexible cutting mat" that is 15" x 12" over the cutting board, which I rest on the lip of the easel, to extend the easel's work space. (Both cutting board and cutting mat are inexpensive.) The easel works out great for my needs.
The easel measures 10"x13". (It is smaller than I expected.) A 16"x20" canvas fits, but hangs over edges. Canvas any larger would probably not be very secure.
I did not, but it looks like you could.
It is small, but a little bulky. I would say you could sketch just fine as long as you had a support board behind your paper (as you can see there are cutouts on the easel). It's very portable and works best on a tabletop, though on your lap could work fine. My son uses it for sketches and has no real complaints other than sometimes the drawers will slide open a bit. It's fairly sturdy.
It is made in the USA
Yes
The stand is 13 inches wide and about 10 inches high.
Our items are shipped and fulfilled by Amazon-please check Amazon shipping policies.
It sits at 4 angles and completely flat.so I think it'd work for u.i hope this helps and if u buy it I hope ur happy with it.i love mine.
Yes, but it would not be washable. Most likely over time (if it's touched a lot) the glitter would wear off as well.
. Acid-free, non-toxic and conforms to ASTM D4236. Imported.
You will have to test it out with some clear nail polish on a white piece of paper and also check if the color bleeds out. This collection is actually pieces of foiled leaf shavings, if that makes any sense.
I guess you could but these are opaque
I would think it will work fine
Yes you can with the 7.5 dent reed. Diane T's advice is perfect!
The Ashford looms are made in New Zealand. They are extremely well made and with a little patience are easy to use. This was my first loom and I now have a floor loom and a folding rigid heddle as well. The folding one is great for travel and I take it on cruises. There are so many loom companies to choose from, but Ashford is a really nice choice. I purchased mine from PARADISE FIBERS.com.
My husband made me some additional shuttles because you want shorter and longer (I don't remember exactly what came with it). I eventually got the other size reeds, but you don't need them to get started. The stand is important! in my opinion anyway because you can move it anywhere. Good Luck & Enjoy. I love mine
I don't have the stand. I love the loom and it works for me very well on a table. If I were going to get the stand, I'd have to find out if it can "take a beating."
Travis from Paradise Fibers here, we ship same day in most cases. It should arrive to you in 2 days on the west coast or 3-4 days on the east coast. You'll get a tracking number within 24hrs of order placement.
It is not included.
Should work beautifully on a limited scale
Yes they will, just need toothpicks and quick set glue.
They are quite sharp, so I think they would work for thinner fabrics. I know they could cut through a standard thickness wool felt, but fleece might be too thick. They are definitely not as sharp as sewing scissors.
Made in China. I prefer made in USA but bought any way. Was in a time crunch when I made my purchase. At time could not find any made in USA. Product Is sturdy- I'm satisfied- no problems. Use for crafts mostly paper and material.
Yes, the handle holes are perfectly straight and symmetric.
no they are only good at cutting paper...
Yes, it is a very good scissor for that purposes
I don't know why not, but that's not what I purchased these to do.
Yes however not anything thick and not a very deep cut.
I measured a strip with my mm ruler and it would be very close to 3mm, only a slight bit more if any!
The sticks I use are not the brand they sell. I use other sticks as long as they are 1/2" in diameter. The gun has temperature adjustment from 284 degrees to 428 degrees so if it is too hot for one type it looks like you can adjust to use others. As far as temperature. Hope that helps.
Yes it does
110 volts
1/2" diameter stick.
Can glue down tackstrip onto concrete but recomend coue nails to back it up.... Any door transition..wood ,metal.rubber.. Also Carpet upholstery ...stairs etc.
nope,,,,they sell it separately. Order a big box, once you start using it you will start using it on more jobs than you think
Mitz, it has a standard 3 prong 110 volt plug. Works great!
it comes out as fast as you can pull the triger 220 watt
248 - 428 F
to my knowledge the glue is sold separately in 1 lb packages. we have a slow cure and a fast cure available. Hope this helps.
For Martha Stewart heat gun, model #MT-50 it says it's 350w, 60hz
I'm not sure of the actual temperature, but I do know that it doesn't get as warm at the Ranger heating tool. While the Ranger version gets results quicker, I like the Martha Stewart tool because it is less likely to scorch the paper. Hope this helps.
It's approx 8" long & 2"w at it's widest point.
This works on 110, you would need an adapter to use this in the Middle East.
I would say, that yes it would, since it is 350 volts. Just remember it can get very hot in a short amount of time. But I always have things plugged into power strips, for safety reasons.
Quieter than a hair dryer but still an annoying sound similar to one.
Mine is 110
no i tried and it blow up.
Well I didn't use it for that purpose exactly but for transferring photos on candle and it was really helpful Sorry if that's not what u need
Only paper!
1.5 inches by 2 inches
Hello Alice The cut measures just over 1 3/4 inches wide at tip of wings and just over 1 1/4 high. I used it for cupcake decorations. I punched tons! They were then put through a xyron and layered many times in order to apply with a flat toothpick sandwiched between. They looked adorable standing on the cupcake tops for the shower. Hope this helps you. As others have mentioned the paper weight should be light due to the wing detail. Ribbon or cloth would not cut.
According to the manufacturer (I've given the set away as a gift): This set contains 24, 10 ml tubes including Chinese White, Lemon Yellow, Medium Yellow, Deep Yellow, Orange, Flesh Tint, Magenta, Brilliant Red, Crimson, Rose Madder, Violet, Cerulean Blue, Cobalt Blue Hue, Ultramarine, Phthalo Blue, Permanent Green Light, Sap Green, Viridian Hue, Yellow Ochre, Burnt Sienna, Raw Umber, Burnt Umber, Payne's Gray, and Ivory Black.
I would say no.
I have no idea what these paints are made of. There are descriptions of the quality on the back of the box, in ten languages, but there are no ingredients listed. You must contact the manufacturer for the answer to question: www.reeves-art.com
They ok for beginners
10 ml or 0.34 fl oz U. S. A.
Yes! Perfectly!
Yes, white bobbin thread
I'd like to know this as well.
If you are referring to single spools of Polystar embroidery thread, you can purchase individual spools from Mr. Vac & Mrs. Sew.
I believe the LB 6800 is the same machine as my Brother SE400, if so, then yes!
I am not sure which bobbins you are talking about, however, if you go to the Brother website, you should be able to search your machine and the bobbins that will work for it. Good luck. :)
I have a PE770 and LOVE it!
I don't know what type bobbins Babylock machines have. the pre-wounds are 15J Bobbins so if that is the type your machine takes then they should work
Yes they do
Yes they do! Love this thread!
Hi, It measures 15" high, 20" wide and 10" deep.
PI&I don't know exactly but large enough for any machine. I love mine.
I Don't think it will
yes but for small or petite size clothing. it seems like a 2 or 4.
No the measurements can't be adjusted on this. I used it to show both size 2's and 4's and it worked great. Had a couple of size 0's that I could not get on it.
yes it does,
It's light but inconvenient to carry you can take off the legs honestly a smaller manequin could be easier for that
Hi Alaina, this dress form is for a size 0. I would not recommend for draping fabric. The body form is okay but the bottom stand is very weak and will break if you put too much pressure on it. Mine broke the first day I used it. I would recommend this form for displaying clothes only. I hope this helps.
Hi Nicole, I don't know if they have a natural colored stand for this so I got the black. As to how tall it is, from bottom to top of the neck it is 69" inches tall (72" = 6ft); from bottom to shoulders it is 63" inches tall (the stand is adjustable). It is good for displaying clothes but again I want to warn you to be careful with the bottom part because it is not made of real wood so it breaks really easy. My bottom stand broke the same day that I put it together. I use mine to take pictures of my handbags so it is okay for that. I hope this helps.
when collapsed, it is nearly 39" long -- when extended, it reaches to 69" off the floor -- tube diameter is 1" (or a tiny hair under 1") -- very happy with this item
The supports that would hold the whiteboard are about 18" apart. I've displayed a large picture that I estimate to weigh about 5 lbs. without difficulty. I believe if you are displaying the whiteboard it shouldn't be a problem. If you want to write on the whiteboard, this easel does not provide sufficient horizontal support, and I don't feel the product would be well suited for that use..
No they cause the pad to wrinkle up. So I just dont usd them
it is made to hold a pack of paper to flip over, has pins to put through wholes in the paper.. guess not very much equipped to hold a white board
Each letter is seperate
Yes they are 8 inches tall, and each letter has a different width. Most are around 5 to 6 inches.
Cardboard
The letters are very close to being an inch wide. (I'd answer more completely but the stencils are in storage). I used them for lettering along the side of a 35' parade float.The size was perfect and easily legible.
All letter are on seperate sections attached with perforated edges simple to break apart to use
It is the entire alphabet, and yes, it is reusable. It's very good quality, heavy stock. I definitely recommend this set.
Why wouldn't you fix the listing. Seems like false advertising to me. Amazon should look into this!!!
Dear Sharanda, The particular unit that I purchased was a "sale priced" unit and did not come with any cartridges. However, If I had purchased it direct from the manufacturer it would have come with "Plantin Schoolbook" and Accent Essentials." I hope that you find that helpful.
Using your Cricut with your computer is the easiest and most convenient way to use it. You can go to cricut.com, download the easy to use craft room design studio and you're set to go. You can link your cartridges to the craft room account. After that, you'll never have to plug a cartridge into the machine to design and cut. By using your computer, you will be prompted to update the machine when an update is available.
This mannequin, (the one I have) does not model pants. It can be done, but with no legs at all and the pole almost right down the middle, it looks awkward. As far as measurements, I would never buy one without seeing the exact measurements, and if you have additional question (back waist length?) I would find out from seller, if possible. Hope that helps.
It is adjustable for the height only not for the size measurements, this is a size medium, i also have this in size small and XS as well.
This listing is for a size small, for those measurements i would suggest a size medium would be more accurate. The size measurements are all listed on the listing page.
I've used sizes (for tops and dresses) 0, 2, 4, 6. Would probably showcase an 8 as well. Has 34" hips, so you would have to pin slacks. Hope this helps.
This particular model can be extended to 6' measures 35x24x35
Yes they all adjust to the same size in height. Here are the links for the 2 sizes, the measurements are on the listing page: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FOCSRO0 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BZ5Z2LQ
Yes they will work. My cutting plates for the Big Shot are 6" wide and 9 inches long.
Yes they will work
They say they will. I have not tried them. I do know that Youtube has videos comparing different machines and die cuts. Hope this is helpful.
Probably, but check you warranty about using dies made by a different mfg. Don't force the die if it doesn't perform like a cuttlebug die.
Hi again. Have kust seen cuttlebug on create and craft tv. If you just use the 2 clear cutting plates without the thick white platform, you CAN use the sizzix bigz dies in cuttlebug. Apologies for the confusion. xx natasha
Jose, I have both the Brother SE400 and the PE770. Neither one will embroider outside their fields. That is, the 400 will only embroider a 4 x 4 area and the 770 up to 5 x 7. You can buy adjustable hoops that you can adjust to use more than one pattern, but it will not increase the sizes. It is only helpful if you are sewing more than one pattern and you won't have to re-hoop. Hope that helps. Sandi
I have used the 5x7 with my Brother SE400. You can still only do 4x4 designs but if you add names under the design the larger hoop allows you to do that without unhooping the shirt. You will simply move the hoop up. I like having the larger hoop to add names or additional design but your machine will only do 4x4 designs.
I am sure you received an answer to this question, but I'll answer anyway. The SE425 IS the same machine as the SE400. The 425 was a special package that is a 400 with an extra disc of 100 designs. Otherwise, it's the same machine and all SE400 items will fit it.
I love my hoops. I have Brother SE-400 because I'm a beginner and didn't want to pay much for a machine. After playing around with it I wanted a larger and smaller hoop than what came with my machine. On the box that the hoops came in, it states that it will fit the machine that you have. Happy embroidering!
The SE425 IS a SE400. The only difference is that the 425 comes with a disc with 100 extra designs. Other than that, it's the SAME machine. You may never see the 425 referenced when you are buying accessories, but if it says the SE400, it will work. So, yes, these will work on your 425.
Depending on what you mean by larger. The machine has a limit of 4 x 4 and you will not be able to make it any higher the the 4 inches but with the larger hoop you will be able to extend to almost 4 x 8 inches to do writing that is longer then 4 inches long and the large hoop has a double set of attachment on the hoop to move the hoop to continue your writing etc. Hope that this is helpful. I do not have the LB600 though but the SE 400 is what I have and it's almost the same machine, and I'm able to extend the embroidery in the length wise direction.
No they do not work with the Dreammaker 5100. They have a different slide for the embroidery arm and they do not fit.
The actual stitching area appears to be 1 X 2.5, 4 X 4 and 5 X 5. My wife says she is very satisfied with them.
The large hoop is 6 x 10 with alignment slots to reset the hoop to do a continuous pattern like a double 4 x 4 when you need to extend a name or if the name is too long to fit on the regular 4 x 4 design. This is the outside measurments and the inside measurments would be 4 3/4" by 9". Hope that this will help you.
there is a hoop made just for hats that work well
ok. Well, everything we sell is available for shipment to Mexico. We do not have a restriction. If you bought from someone other than Minordetails, then that might be an issue.
no they will not fit a pandora bracelet sorry to say, you would barley fit the elastic thread thru it
1/8 inch
yes
No. The hole on the beads I received is only 1mm wide.
No, they have small holes for earrings or string beading.
The shipping weight is 7pnds. Not sure of the exact weight but its really light. I can lift it with one hand easily and I am a female non body builder.
Attached to a backpack yes, but probably not folded and taken in a backpack unless the backpack is extra large and wide.
I have never used mine,folding in my wayback in car-it's well made and the footprint isn't huge. If they say 180 can't imagine 10# would matter.
http://www.dritz.com/brands/showcase/details.php?ITEM_NUM=82305 My hand is 7 3/4 inches around at the knuckles, and I wear a small. Contact customer service at dritz. The website just says to look on the side of the package. Amazon should show a picture of that information! I have every thumb support available, and this is my favorite (in lime green).
The main part is a medium brown. The brown is more a gray brown rather than a red brown. The picture on the box looks more red brown. The glove is trimmed as shown with black at the top and bottom. The elastic strip that allows you to get the glove on and off is also black.
The glove is right-handed because of the padding. However, I use it for both right and left hands. The padded part ends up on top when used with the left hand, but doesn't bother me or the activities with which I use it. I highly recommend these gloves!
One glove.
Just toss it in the washer and dryer...comes out great! I have the lime green instead of brown but never had a problem with color bleeding. They look like new after several years of use, and I even used them when working in the yard.
If you mean an elastic/Velcro wrist brace and not one with a metal or plastic splint added, yes. I often wore one under my dritz glove and then put on my leather work gloves to do yard work. My elastic brace has a fingerless glove attached. If yours is only the wrist band, that should be able to go either under or on tip of the dritz.
Works excellently -- no problems encountered at all
It could be but I am not sure, as both my husband and I have osteoarthritis in our thumbs and fingers and wrists. Very helpful for that pain but it may be similar to that with carpal tunnel.
I would not buy this Distinctive Free Motion Darning foot again. It was mostly plastic and it didn't even stand up to quilting one quilt.
I'm not sure, it fit my Babylock Ellure, I had to trim the little metal post that stuck out to the side a little but work fine other than that.
Does this foot work with screw?
if i'm not mistaken it's compatible,
It should
If it is a low-shank home-sewing machine it should work. If it is a high shank, or slant shank sewing machine, then no.
A high shank machine measures approximately 1 1/4" from the presser foot screw to the bottom of the foot. (Uses High Shank Sewing Feet) A low shank machine measures approximately 3/4" from the presser foot screw to the bottom of the foot. (Uses Low Shank Sewing Feet)
This foot is the one you use like a serger, it does not cut the fabric like a serger, but it allows you to sew an interlocking hem along a raw edge. I use it all the time for hems. You will need to refer to your owners manual for the correct setting to get an OVERCAST stitch. I think it will fit as long as you have the snap on type foot gizmo. I have a singer and it works just fine. BTW this was a good price for it too
If your sewing machine is a low-shank machine, it will fit. You need to look up the details of your machine.
When I use the overlock foot, I use a zigzag stitch. The closer together the stitch the better it looks.
I have the Singer 160 Limited Edition. It's the anniversary machine that is shaped like the 1920 machine...It's great! So to keep it going in good condition I usually contact Singer for any questions I may have. I do not know if the stylist 7258 will do the job for you. BEST place to find out is to visit www.singerco.com or e-mail customer service at talktous@singerco.com. You can also call 1-800-877-7391 Monday-Friday, 8am-4pm.CST
My machine is a Singer. I always find that going to the Singer Service Center on line helps to answer my questions. Try going to the Janome .com website and acess accessories and or component area for a reliable answer to your question..Sometimes you can find the answer if you do a search on Google.
I am not sure. I have white sewing machine with the short shaft. If you have a short shaft with the pop on type foot maybe it will.
What sort of presser foot does your machine take? High-shank, low-shank, slanted-shank? The overlock foot is a "low-shank clip-on" foot. I just glanced at the manual for the Futura XL-550 and it doesn't say which type of presser foot it takes, but the illustration shows a clip-on, so this overlock foot should work with your machine. No guarantees, of course, but it looks like it does.
It states that it will fit all low shank machines. I am not familiar with a So- Fro 9000 so can not give you a conclusive answer.
Depends on what kind of presser foot they use. I'm not familiar with those sewing machines, so I don't know what kind of presser feet they take, but this is a low-shank clip-on presser foot.
No, mine worked fine. But I found out after that my machine has this built in. I thought it was more like what a serger would look like.
yes
To my knowledge, it works on any low shank Brother sewing machine.
see video here is the link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiisyowJxdk
Didn't get separate paper instructions. They are printed on the inside of the cardboard.
I have not used it on an embroidery machine, only a regular sewing machine (Kenmore), it works well on that.
I am using the Brother Sewing NV30. I am not sure for Singer. I suppose it will work as it is a low shank model. However, it will be better if you contact the seller for more detail. Hope this is helpful to you : )
this will work on low shank machines. Low shanks allow for easy attachment of different machine feet. However, your machine has the automatic threader...not sure if it will work because the automatic threader may be in the way to attach the foot. Hope this helps.
No
Sorry but I do not know..... I assume they are universal
It says it works with brother. I have a brother innov-is 1500D It worked find. I believe can be returned. Also you can call brother. They will answer any questions you have.
It works on a standard sewing machine. Serger pressed feet are quite model specific.
I don't know. But if your like me you have more than one sewing machine.and I have several and they all fit every machine I have. These usually are all universal parts unless have a slant machine ,I'm not sure if this would work on them no expert. Ps. Go onto Google and ask the question. I've have always been helped. You can also go to utube@ learn from it be how to use this foot correctly it's pretty easy start out on inexpensive sheets best way to learn. Similar to shirt fabric. Good luck.
I don't know the Janome machine, (but it looks like it will) but I took a gamble with my husqvarna and it works just fine. Check the return policy on the foot. This brand is much less expensive than the brand name and I was happy with it.
You can. I haven't used a double needle, but it can be done.
Slightly less than 1/8" with thin fabric
A million apologies, I completely forgot to answer this. The instruction I used that worked for me are from the website: Threads. It's a 2-part tutorial. Here is the first part: http://www.threadsmagazine.com/item/3744/mastering-the-narrow-hemmer-part-one
I honestly do not know, I don't have that machine. I was not sure it would fit my machine either, and I just sent off an Email to the Mr.Vac & Mrs. Sew. They replied very quickly. Good luck
Yes they do fit, I have the same one.
Yes it will. It fits any machine that can take a snap on foot.
i am new to sewing, so i am not sure. if you mean a flat-felled seam it would probably be better to use a different foot. this is designed to catch the material and curve it up and around. granted i was using it with difficult fabrics (satin and tulle) but i found it hard to work with.
4mm
My experience is that the Distinctive a narrow Rolled Hem Foot is good for heming, but a bit of a challenge when turning corners where there's usually thickness of the fabric. Will a bit of practice and patience you might get it to work for you.
i can't guarantee that but i would imagine so. i have a Brother machine and this fits fine. the machine i learned on, a Singer from the 1960s, would not have accepted this due to the way the presser foot was a single piece. if your machine allows you to switch the foot w/o removing the screw and taking off the entire mechanism i would imagine this would work...
I still have the package it came in and it does not say. I took out my ruler and it's very difficult to determine if it's 4 or 6mm because it's so narrow. I've used it several times and my guess is that it's 4mm, it's a very small rolled hem. You can only use light-med material with this foot.
I'm not sure either. I have a Janome Memory Craft. If the leg on your machine has a button to release the foot and a claw to hold on to the foot, I am sure it will work. the claw has to snap on to the bar on front of the foot that you see in the picture.
Bernina is not one of the compatible machines listed, so I doubt it will work. http://www.amazon.com/Distinctive-Concealed-Invisible-Machine-Presser/dp/B003265ENC, You may want to do a Google search for more information. Good luck!
I'm not sure I have a brother sewing machine but I guess once it's the removable foots I uses it should work ...
No
I can't answer this question specifically for Bernina, but I have a Kenmore and I had the same issue with this zipper foot that you had with the other pressure feet you bought. The hole did not line up with the needle.
I use this foot with my New Home HF5024. This foot is awesome. You just have to move your needle from 1 side to the other by a small amount in order to sew beside the zipper teeth. It attaches easily, and there is no fuss.
I use it on my new home machine, if your machine has snap on foot, it should work. I would think it is universal. I love it.
I have a new home machine, I understand this is a universal foot, so should work on brother machine.
A "low shank" means the bottom of the presser foot to the screw measures about 3/4".. "snap on" means literally the presser foot simply snaps onto the machine. I suggest you look at your machine and measure the distance between the bottom of the presser foot to the screw above and then check to see how you remove your presser foot. If the presser foot removes very easily with just a quick press of a lever, this zipper foot is definitely for you.
In order to fit, your machine would need to have s short shank foot 'holder' that this would snap onto. In addition, your needle would have to be adjustable side to side. Even if it it fits, it's a very poorly designed foot. The back is so wide that it gets in the way of the zipper pull during application. I would not recommend it for any machine.
I just looked at the machine's owner's manual online and I would say yes, this foot will work great for your machine. Of course if you get it and it doesn't work Amazon.com has always been great with returns.
I honestly do not know. Refer to your users manual and see if there are alternate types. I have a singer and I'm really happy with this one you have chosen. I think you can send them back if it doesn't work........give it a shot.
If your Janome has a foot that all of your interchangeable feet 'latch' onto, it should work. Most Janome machines do. The problem with this foot is that it's poorly designed. The back is too wide and will not let you sew the top around the zipper pull without an ugly curve or doing it in several steps after you've moved the zipper pull out of the way--a pain. I suggest you look at the Kalevel foot instead.
It's pretty flexible what it will fit. You need a foot that will let various feet fit onto it, that will latch onto the zipper foot. You will also need a machine which has a needle that will move to various positions side to side. I don't mean that will zig zag, but will sew straight at various locations which will enable you to sew on each side of the zipper foot. I do know that some Janome machines will not do this.
It's a universal foot it should
yes, it does.
I have a baby lock and it fit fine.
It will work
Adjust the screw at back of foot to position needle to pass through opening on side of foot resting on fabric. Be sure to tighten screw to maintain the desired position.
This replaces your whole foot set-up. Unscrew the screw that keeps your foot holder in place. Then nestle the hook shaped part of this foot (on the vertical part of the foot) on the shank and use the screw to secure it.
Snap On Vs. Screw On Feet Newer sewing machines tend to use snap on feet, while machines made before 1980 have presser feet that screw in place. If your machine's feet snap on, you do not have to worry about the shank height. Measuring the Shank Measure the shank with the presser foot lowered. The shank is the distance between the bottom of the foot and the screw. The measurement on a low shank machine is three quarters of an inch and on a high shank machine is one and one quarter inches. Read more: http://www.ehow.com/facts_6153221_low-high-shank-sewing-machines.html#ixzz2k53yBKeV
I don't know about your specific machine, and I had the same question about mine. I wasn't sure what low shank meant, but my Singer has a metal post coming down out of the body of the machine. That post has a screw on the left hand side. To use this zipper foot you unscrew that screw and remove the piece that holds your regular foot (in other words, you don't just remove the regular foot, but also the piece that holds it in place). Then you screw in the new zipper foot. It was really easy to take on and off. I made couch cushions with piping and they came out beautifully with this foot! Good luck.
Does your berinia 90e have a low shank? If so, it should. The best suggestion I could give is contact berinia if an after market foot of this type would work. Sorry I could not be more informative.
I don't know if it would or not. It does not work for my Husqvarna Viking Platinum 950E. If you are in doubt, I would just not waste the little bit of money on this one and buy one that is made for your machine. I do know some machines are not so picky as HUSQVARNA's are, the foot would probably work just fine on my old Singer but I bought it for the new Husqvarna. Anyway. If in doubt, I would just skip this one. :-)
It's metal
I'm sorry I don't know. It was purchased by my mother on my account for her machine which it didn't fit!
I don't know. Never got it to work on my Singer.
No. Sorry.
After market feet are iffy for Pfaff (all home use are low shank, BTW). Pfaff has their feet listed by group, depending on the stitch width and whether it has dual feed (IDT). Most after marketers do not reference the groups. If they reference a Pfaff model, you can see if that model is in your group. I have a Pfaff 1471 which is Group "D" but I haven't tried this foot. See http://new.pfaff.com/SiteMedia/PFAFF/Content/Support/machine-codes_EN.jpg Distinctive says you can return their feet if they do not fit your Pfaff.
Unfortunately, I am not familiar with that machine. The foot fit my Brother but did not fit my Janome 4120 QDC. Sorry. But on the up side, if it doesn't you can always return it. Another place to get feet for machines is at AllBrands.com.
if you have the low shank snap on type ankle, it should fit and will definitely help in sewing leather. Mine glides of PUL, which is a laminate of heavy plastic, like I've lubricated it with butter. The best investment I ever made.
I am not sure. I have a Kenmore short shank machine.
Have no idea
It fit my machine, which is a Kenmore. Should fit any low shank machine.
Sorry, I don't know.
You could use this with just a single fold, yes.This holds it is place and your main material you are attaching it to would insert through the middle opening. I am able to use this with no pinning. I hope this is helpful!
so far? two layers of fabric sandwiched between a bias tape. Tried it with 3 and it was a tight fit. I think that maybe even 4 of a very thin type of fabric might work
In theory, this type of tool will do this. For me, this tool was not useful for anything. I'm accustomed to the all metal type of tape binding presser foot and this did not compare in any way.
Hi Brenda, I have a Husqvarna/Viking Daisy and Sapphire and am not familiar with your Singer. Some sellers include what machines are compatible with their attachments. I had to file the needle hole down a bit so the needle on my machine wouldn't hit the attachment at the needle hole and break off. I was very, very careful doing this.
I just checked and it looks like the widest it goes is slightly under one inch. So if your two-inch binding was folded in half, so each side was an inch, then it might work. But if you mean the binding is two inches after being folded in half, then no, it won't fit. Sorry I couldn't be of more help!
I think a 1" will work in it. It does not make the double fold bias tape but will sew it onto your project in one easy step.
Yes, but if her machine has a high shank then she will need to also purchase an adapter.
You use double fold biased tape for this attachment. Works great!
I think so, as long as your machine is low shank.
No
Which Foot To Use? - Annie's www.anniescatalog.com/pages/which_foot.html When presser foot is down, measure the distance from the bottom of foot to screw -hole that holds the foot onto the presser bar. Singer slant is for slant needle machine only. A high shank machine measures approximately 1 1/4" from the screw to the ... All Berninas need "Low Shank Adaptor" and use generic low shank feet. My Kenmore is a 1973 zigzag. With distinctive brand usually they fit all low shank or all high shank. I have found many feet on amazon.com that fit my vintage Kenmore. If it says all Kenmore...it fits. Have Fun!
From what I understand the only thing you have to worry about is if it is a short or long shank. The fact that your machine is electronic should not make a difference.
UPDATE: I originally answered that the Distinctive Blind Hem Presser Foot would work with the Brother. Well, it does BUT NOT WITH THE BROTHER SERGER! My thanks to Margaret E. Hannibal whose answer pointed me to an overlooked fact: R.Eakin was inquiring about the Brother Serger, not an "ordinary" Brother sewing machine. The Serger is not a sewing machine as one (me) might ordinarily think: it is used to cut, sew, and edge fabrics in one step. My apologies, too, to R. Eakin for my terrific answer . . . sigh . . . that had nothing to do with the Serger. I am leaving my discussion of low-/high-shank presser feet under the heading of "General Sewing Machine Features." Regarding presser feet - in general. First some anatomy: when lowered, the presser foot sandwiches the material between itself and the feed dog (the toothy plate that advances the material); the presser foot snaps onto the shank; the shank is screwed onto the presser bar; the presser bar is what one raises and lowers to raise and lower the presser foot. For the most, there are two types of presser feet shanks: low (most) and high (some, e.g. a few singers). To determine whether the shank is low or high, with any presser foot attached to your machine, lower the presser foot all the way (no fabric on the machine) to the feed dog and measure from the feed dog (i.e., the bottom of the presser foot) to the screw hole (where the shank is screwed onto the presser bar). For low shanks, the distance will be approximately three-quarters of an inch (3/4"); for high shanks the distance will be approximately one and one-quarter inches (1 1/4"). The "Distinctive Blind Hem Sewing Machine Presser Foot" is for low shank machines. However, you can buy an attachment to adapt the a low shank machine to a high shank machine if you cannot find the appropriate high shank presser foot. Hope this is not too verbose. Ed
only if it's a short shank machine.
The description say for sewing machine, so I dont think it would work on a over lock machine.
if your Singer machine is a short shank it will probably fit, I never did get my Blind hem attachment from these people, though I'd paid for it, and never heard a word from them either.
If it has a short shank mount on your serger it should work, I ordered two of these last christmas only got one, still haven't recieved the other. Tom
Sorry but I have not used this foot yet. I have a Janome sewing machine
I've used this blind hem foot and really like it. Easy to attach and does a nice job. I don't know what the question means "or singer 4613".
Definitely not. It is for a regular sewing machine NOT for a serger.
This foot works with the Husqvarna very well. Better then inspira brand. At least that is my opinion.
It is a universal low shank attachment... I would think it should fit if this is a low shank model. My machine is a Viking low shank... and it fits and looks just like the Viking attachment that is far more expense and attaches in the way, does the same thing, but I am not a Singer Expert....
Hi Betty, well, that is the tricky part. You have to have a bit extra fabric as a "leader". When you put your ruffler on the machine make sure the screw is SUPER tight, otherwise it can vibrate loose. Make your setting adjustments on the ruffler and thread your needle with a lot of tail. Now, if you look at the black "blades" on the ruffler you'll notice you can slide your fabric between these pieces. Coming in from the left, holding your fabric tight, slide the fabric between these blades until it stops. The teeth will not allow you to pull the fabric towards you so make sure you have a couple inches extra in your left hand. You may have to pull it out and play with it a bit, I would use a test piece first. The edge of the ruffler towards you has a little slit, slide the fabric under that and you should be good to go. Now don't forget to play with your tension, because it is quite different from regular sewing. There are several fabrics I have had difficulty using, organza or anything sheer will rip from the blade teeth. I typically ruffle ribbon, so the one that works best is Grosgrain. It does take some practice to use this ruffler, just be patient. :D Good luck!
I just installed it on mine and works like a charm
I purchased one of these about 1 year ago - after I figured out how to attach (I googled & watched Utube video) it worked like a charm. I have a Brother machine - not sure about Janome, but if it works, you will love it!
I can only say it worked grrreat on my mother's Kenmore. When I shopped for a ruffler there were several brands; some were brand specifice to the machine you might own (more expensive) but I liked the price for this one since it listed my "White" brand as one that it worked for. It looks like "Brother" has been listed in this item. Worth a try, it really worked great for me, I made a gathered bed skirt. LOTS of gathers, this saved me probly about four to six hours of work !!!
Sorry, mine is a different Brother model and it does work fine. I have the Brother that does embroidering + regular sewing.
If your machine has a post that comes down from the top and a screw in the left side of the post for the presser foot, it should work. I use mine on a Kenmore. The photo shows the front of the ruffler.
It , I think, depends on wither it is high or low shank. Check before you purchase to make sure it is right for you machine.
I'm pretty sure it will. It will work on any low shank machine. It can be a little difficult to put on but just finesse it and wiggle it around. I love it!
It depends on how creatiive you are. I suppose you could attempt to shirr on a folded edge and therefore make a whole piece of cloth, or yardage shirred, but remember this little tool works best on very light weight and shirr fabrics so it may not work on the fold, but you should try it.
No it didn't work for me.
I do not have that machine, so I cannot say. However, you should be able to google it and find out if your model fits the shank requirements. Hope this helps.
Yes, look for some you tube videos using this foot to show you the results of two fabrics. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CXCZdyazJU0 I hope this helps
I bought mine for a domestic machine I don't know if it can be used for an industrial machine or not.
It should fit if you have the standard Singer shank. It fits on my Singer Confidence Quilter.
i believe it can work for janome 6600p
SORRY BUT I DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT JUKI'S
the fabric goes between the metal plates have to adjust stitch length and tension on machine for smaller are larger gathers it works fairly well
it should fit any janome with a snap on foot
I don't know about the machine, but I know it will fit on my short shank machine.
I'm sorry. I don't know the answer to this question. You could call a Janome dealership and ask them possibly. Have a Merry Christmas!!
If it accepts snap on then it should work
I have no idea...it didn't fit my 15-20 yr old Singer so I returned it...the bar is too long, needs to be much shorter to snap on. Good luck! Good luck
If your model uses snap on feet it should work just fine. Works great on my Singer.
Only if it's a low shank machine
I have a Viking Sapphire 850 and the foot could not be used as the hole in the foot was off just enough to cause the needle to h!it the foot and snap. I hope this helps
I don't own a Bernina so I wouldn't know. I have 2 Elna's it won't fit either one, 1 Juki an 1 featherweight singer 221 and it wasn't made for either of those. The Elna's needle hits the back of that foot so it doesn't work for my Elna's.
I do not know I do not have a Bernina.
Since I don't know what model you have, you will have to check the height of the shank. If you have a dealership around you, ask them. Just remember that they will try to sell you the white brand. Also, check online with White. Hope this helps.
If you have a snap on, it will or the piece to make it a snap on
This is super easy to use. Just be sure to thread your cording (or what ever you are stitching down with it) in to the foot before placing the foot on the machine. Leave a little bit sticking out behind so it doesn't slip out. You can just snip that off after you have sewn away from it. Then be sure to back tack to secure well and then have some fun. You can sew straight lines, curves or anything you can dream up. I love my cording foot!!
Yes it will fit all low shank sewing machine like the Brother sewing machines, it just snaps on. You don't even need an adaptor,
I have never tried that but there's an idea.
Yes, the entire easle is about 5 foot tall. The part the holds the bottom on the picture moves up and down as well
Hi. I have a binder of sheet music that at its widest point measures 3" thick. I just put it on my easel and it fit and there was a very small bit of space left between the book and the holder. The easel held it fine. It is is a nice easel. I wouldn't put anything REALLY heavy on it, but it holds pictures (and that binder) easily. I hope this helps you.
I do believe it will support 20 lbs. FYI...I love it just as much if not more since the day I received it!!!
Not really sure because it is not heavy weight at all.
No, this is a floor easel. I think it would be too tall.
Metal
I don't know if it would even look good let alone hold the weight right. The whole thing is only about 5 feet tall from floor to top of decorated leave things. The lowest set of holes are not that low
This would be too large for that size photo.
I have a stained glass panel on it that is 36" x 36" and it fits nicely.
Yes they are
Absolutely but be aware it's difficult to get all the bubbles out from under it when applying it!
It will definitely stick, but I will have to try it to see how easily it comes off. I believe you want to buy "TEMPORARY" vinyl, not "PERMANENT" vinyl from Vinyl Ease for that type of application. I believe it will come off the laptop, and shouldn't leave too much of a residue, but you would have to heat it up with a bladder to get the permanent type off. I cant imagine bloating your laptop advisable, but you will have to decide about that :-)
It's the same on both sides except one side has adhesive. Top quality stuff. This stuff will absolutely block all light.
I have used the vinyl for faces on my pumpkins--always holds up outside in rain from Sept-Halloween. I believe this will hold up well.
If I had to compare it to something I'd say its like a piece of electrical tape.
It is a thick paper. Paper on the back, glossy on the side stuck to the vinyl.
Yep! Painted or not. If you are going to stain, you want to let it dry completely, like two days, before trying to stick to the wood. Also, make sure there isn't saw dust before you start sticking.
Hi! I will not recommend for the back of the tablet, if the idea will be to review it later and have a well preserved surface, the glue will leave marks and might leave it sticky. It is built for long lasting placement. I cut it in strips for my son's yellow car (toy car) to become a bumble bee, and regardless sun and rain it lasted for at least a year. We got rid of the car already, but the strips were still in place with no signs of fade and/or peeling. No, you do not need transfer paper, it works as a regular decal. I hope it helps Thank you
Yes
I can't really say.......I did use to plug up a tear in my motorcycle seat. That held up for a couple of months before that tore also. So I guess it depends where you apply it to see how well it holdup. My motorcycle seat was not leather. I will say this.....it stuck really well and was practically unnoticeable.
No it does not.
I think it'd remove fine. I mainly use it on wood but recently used it on metal and it removed fine so I think it'd come off those things fine.
Matte vinyl is used for indoor applications - I would use 561 Oracal vinyl - I have had a sign on the back window of my van for 5 years Rain and shine and it has held up fine. HTH
You can use it on most surfaces I don't recommend using it to decal seats unless it's a spot that won't be day on or touched but other than that it'll apply to most surfaces
I use it as vinyl lettering on glass blocks and it sticks very well. So I think it should work
I think it might peel off paint. It has a pretty tacky/sticky/grippy adhesive. I'd go for removable vinyl instead. It would stay up for even a couple years and still come off well. The permanent is supposed to stay.
I am not sure. The vinyl is adhesive on the back but I use it on hard, flat surfaces like glass, woodo and walls.
Use something to smooth it (ex. credit card, ruler, etc..) as you apply it. Maybe only pull a portion of the backing off if what you are applying is large. That will keep it from sticking together.
No, it dis not.
When the manufacturer says permanent they mean it! This stuff isn't going anywhere after it's put in place. I'm confident that it would adhere to vinyl no problem.
No. For fabric you need iron-on vinyl. This is more like what you would use to make a window sticker or letters for a vinyl banner.
Yep! It works with mine.
This vinyl is permanent. It has very strong adhesive and will ruin drywall when you try to remove it.
I find these particular sheets way too thick to put for nails and really stay on. I actually do nails so I'm not just speculating. Hope that is helpful to you :)!
The description lists outdoor durability that lasts up to 5 years and the adhesive IS very permanent... cannot be removed without tearing up the design. This pack is great to try as it has so many colors to choose from. I have not used it for car decals yet, but the other projects have been very successful.
I would recomment that you use strictly indoor, unless you paint a clear coat of polymer or something along that line over top to protect.
Yes, put the vinyl on the cutting mat before cutting and then put on the transfer tape. I also looked on you tube to check the settings for my cutting machine.
Each sheet in size is 6" x 12" of which there are two sheets same colour and 15 colours in all, includes black and white, Good assortment of colours.
Were you trying to paint the vinyl or the glasses. The vinyl is water proof so it should work for what you're trying to do
Yes
I don't know. It adhered to painted wood and painted walls pretty well.
We used it on our daughters Racecar and we pressure wash it every week with an industrial type washer with very hot water and it has held up great.
No, I would not recommend it.
I don't know what type of vinyl it is. I can tell you what I use it for. I use it for cutting out lettters for names to stick on the employee dry erase board. The vinyl sticks pretty well as long as people don't use the eraser over top of his/her names constantly. I hope this helps.
With time.
No it is not
I use regular kitchen towels that are slightly moist. I shake them a little before using, so the ink flows well.
You are right; permanent, not erasable. If you want something permanent, this writes nice and smooth, but if you want erasable, find something else!
will not write on concrete.
Yes. I have used it on a car window and black chalkboard and you can see it clearly either way. I wouldn't see why a black plastic pot would be any different.
If you had a thicker paper, like cardstock, it would be kind of like using a paint pen. I wouldn't suggest it though.
Excellently. That is what I bought it for, and I use it on a chalkboard every day.
I think it would work for sewing. It is chalk in a pen.
Not sure what chalkboard fabric is. These markers are made for chalkboard hard surfaces,
The enclosed instructions say you can. I tried it on the bathroom mirror and it worked great.
I would think so.
There is a special kind of vinyl that is recommended for walls. It is oracle 631. It is a temporary indoor vinyl. I have a business that makes vinyl wall decals. So if you are going to be making them make sure you buy this. Oracle 651 is for outside and is permanent. Darmel Treasures
I'm not sure why it says permanent I've used two rolls and it will peel off if you want it to but once it's there it's there you can't really restick it
It is pretty thin, but still you can't rip it easily. I used a dull blade on my silhouette cameo electronic cutter and it didn't cut all the way through. I could not just force it to pull apart. But, my blade is only set on a 2 out of 10 for depth. It is too thin to give a size
We never used it on wood. It might if the wood is smooth. But i really don't know for sure. We use it on vehicles and metal signs
It's only 12 inches wide. I guess you could but it would look horrible. It's definately not wide enough
I'm not sure I didn't even look at that when I ordered mine. And I didn't notice much of a difference than any other vinyl I've ordered on amazon. My machine cut it just fine.
It might but it might also be stiff then...
Permanently, no. But if you want to put a temporary sticker on a shirt, then sure. If you are looking for something long term, then you really need an iron on type of transfer paper.
Yes
I'm not sure. Check your manual to see if this model of bobbin will work. What I do know is that you should use the same type of bobbin every time. Your machine's bobbin tension will stay the same if you use the same type of bobbins. I bought these and LOVE them! It is 100% worth the money to buy a large amount of prewound bobbins! I was buying 10 at a time and it got expensive. Buying them in bulk cut the cost tremendously! Hope this helps! Happy sewing!
15J. Fits both of my singers. it was agood purchase and Worth the money for me.
It works in my machines that take the 15J bobbin
I would look in the manual that came with your model machine. I do know that some machines are a little picky and prefer the specific brand and size. I found that out with one of my embroidery machines.
I would confirm that these type work by checking through the Janome 350E manual, just to be sure
Yes, they are all white
polyester
With scissors
There are 90 squares.
Not sure, since I haven't ordered any, but this is the size I usually get when I need extra rigid. The softer is in a smaller sheet I believe.
One sheet
It is definitely not stiff. I usually use two pieces when making a project.
We are a retailer of the Grandma's Secret products. We are not the manufacturer.
I can find NO information "specifically" relative to your question, however, it is "Earth Friendly" and "Environmentally Responsible." It is also "Biodegradable", "Non-Toxic" and contains no chlorine but I can find no information about the use or treatment of animals during formulation or production. I am sorry I cannot be of further help in answering your question
I believe it will....to date I have not come across any stain that "Grandma" has not removed (blood, wine, coffee etc)
I've used it on carpet stains and furniture stains. After you let it sit for 15 to 20 minutes use a damp cloth and rub out the stain. Repeat if you need to. I've gotten old wine and oil stains out of carpets! Hope this helps!
It's three years or more. I bought enough for each of my children to try. I have used it for a long time and boy does it work better than anything else I have ever tried. A little goes a long way, rub it into the stain, sit 5 minutes and wash as usual. You will be amazed
I have to say that I haven't tried on fabric bleed. But it has worked on everything else I tried it on.
yes I had gotten 6 bottles when I placed my order
I use the Big shot pro least of all. When I bought it, I assumed that there would be more dies comng out, but there are very few and none worth my interest or money. And because the Big Shot Pro is so heavy to move, I purchased a Spellbinders Grand Caliber at a discount so that I could use my 8x8 embossing folders and my 8x10 Grand Nestabilities dies. If I had to do it all over again, I never would have purchased the Big Shot Pro. I'm getting everything I want with my Spellbinder Grand Caliber and my small Big Shot.
Since I already own a Cuttlebug, I just used my Cuttlebug A, B, & C plates and they work just fine if you use the bottom plate that comes with the Big Shot Pro. You can find Cuttlebug plates very reasonably priced at many craft stores. I don't have any large dies so I don't need really big plates. Basically, the Big Shot Pro can use most any of the major machines' plates. I really love my BSP and wish I'd bought it sooner! It's the only machine that works with the custom die I had made.
Hi Ceci, yes it will work with all those products, as long as you have all the various plates for it.Personally, I think for the versatility of the machine, and what it will handle, its worth the extra cost for the 3 or 4 plates that aren't supplied. In mine I use: Nesties, All embossing folder makes, Sizzix Bigz, Movers & Shapers, Strip dies, Original Red, Yellow & Green Sizzix dies, Quickuts Squeeze dies. Its all a matter of trying different sandwiches. All the sheets & shims for the BSPro have sandwich recipes on them, and its easy to find many more on the net. If you want an overview, and some recipes, I have a page on my blog, http://silverwolfcards-shaz.blogspot.co.uk/p/cuttlebug-folders.html. I love mine, best investment I ever made!
You can use larger dies such as those by Sizzix and Ellison.
Yes it does
Did you have any of the mylar shims with it? Like thin sheets of plastic? If so, start adding those to the sandwich and see if it improves. If you don't have them, try copy paper- adding a sheet at a time until it cuts all the way through. Thats all the problem is, the sandwich isn't quite thick enough. remember to add shims one at a time until you get a good cut- you don't want to force something too thick through your machine.When you have the cut right, you can see if you could swap plates- taking out a thinner one and replacing it with a thicker one. Its really trial & error- no two machines will use exactly the same pressure, so what works for one person may not work for someone else. Sometimes, placing the die and chipboard on a different area of the platform, or facing a different way can help too. Hope this helps.
It's primary use is for embossing or cutting materials using purchased dies. It's possible to ink an embossing folder and thereafter print and emboss the image at the same time. Check out YouTube or do an internet search for how this machine is used in order to determine if you can use in the way you intend. There are videos on YouTube showing letterpress plates used with this machine. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8jGyFgAe0o
Yes, just put a piece of paper over the felt, place the die on top of that and roll it through!
I use it for paper crafts only and it cuts about 5 at a time.
The Sizzix Pro machine can cut thick chip board and some rolled metal sheets from what I understand. The answer, though, depends on the Accucut dies you use. The "slim" obviously don't cut thick products. To learn more about the Accucut dies, go to: http://www.accucut.com and feel free to contact their customer service people with product questions! Best wishes with your projects!
I did a little research and found the Fisker 8 inch is made in China. They used to be made in the US bot not sany more.
I believe these are technically right handed.I'm left-handed, and use these happily. But then, I've never found it very difficult to use right handed scissors.
While these are excellent scissors, they are not designed to cut something as thick or durable as carpet. They will work for a very minimal amount of cutting, but if you have a fair amount to do, I would not choose them for the job.
They should, although perhaps not cleanly. I can cut soft wire with them.
Soap and water
The scissors are engraved with the "FISKARS" name on one of the outside blades. The end is pointed, not blunt or rounded. They cut very well. Everyone in the office likes them.
Yes, but rough up the brass slightly first with a scotch brite. The patina will work much faster that way. After neutralizing in a water + baking soda bath, rub lightly with baking soda on your finger to get that antiqued look and brighten up the high spots for interesting texture. Check You Tube for some great video how-tos.
No oxidizing is ever permanent. It will rub off over time. Tumbling may remove most of it depending on the abrasive you use, or just leave it looking sort of dull gray. If you want to remove just some of the finish, I would tumble polish the piece first, then oxidize, rinse, then rub lightly with a scrubbie (sponge) or super fine sandpaper (600 grit or finer). Hope this helps.
Oxygen does gradually cause LOS to lose its potency so I keep mine tightly closed and inside a ziplock plastic bag. I don't know what the shelf life is supposed to be, but I have had my jar for at least 6 months, and it is still good.
you can use a crock pot and mix the solution per directions. BUT, once you use this crock pot, you can not use it again for Food. Please remember this. hope this helps you
yep!
This is not a liquid. This is a gel form of liver of sulfur. Wikipedia has a good article describing it.
I really do not think so. LOS creates a black "cosmetic" coating on copper jewelry that can be rubbed off with 0000 steel wool or polishing clothes.
Yes
I've only made small batches (8 to 12 ounces) of solution at a time using approximately 1/4 teaspoon or less at a time because the mixed solution doesn't keep. The stronger your solution is, the faster it works. I would guess the entire container would make 2 gallons, maybe 3, but that's just an estimate.
If it is brass it will darken the piece, solution has to be warm 140 degrees, and it should only take a few seconds to see a change
This tool does not have a spring. Here is a link to a youtube video about how to use a 3-step wire looper: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHk0DdVRngU The tool in the video is not the BeadSmith brand, but it is the same type of tool.
It is round on the inside
Hi! Yes, it works with 18 gauge.....I use 22 for most of my projects and am very happy but, have used it for for different gauges.
You can go to Beadsmith and got replacement tube or you can go to your local hardware store and get tubing of the same size.
No. You will need to get a looper with those sizes. Remember these are inner diameter measurements.
I believe the largest was 10mm.
That would depend on the thickness of the wire you're using.
I have a viking Husqvarna and it fits that - says it - Fits All Low Shank Snap-On Machinesgoogle your machine and see if it is Low Shank Snap-On Machines - or call your dealer ?
you have to find out if your machine is low shank or not. It works on my janome dc2010
I am not sure of your question... However if the screw is on the side of where your presser feet connect then yes it will work.... Mia
It should! :)
Nope. The Walking Foot comes with it's own foot. At times it's an inconvenience but that's the way it is. The idea with the Walking Foot is to keep the fabrics moving together at the same time. I imagine, since I didn't design the Walking Foot, that that is what is needed for the process to work.
I would think that if it is a low shank, it would work. All the feet work well with the exception of the walking foot which seems to be of a lower quality.
I do not know. It doesnot fit my brother that i bought it for
You may find it helpful to read the product description given at the Amazon site for this product. Brother is one of the companies mentioned.
I bought this as a gift so can't answer your question.
By guide do you mean a horizontal bar which attaches through the back of the foot- if so, no it does not have that. The set is a good value however and I have gotten a lot of use out of most if not all of the feet.
Look for the MORA model 163. It is double edged.
Sandpaper wrapped around a wood dowel. On youtube search Mora 164 hook knife. There are videos that show how.
That is exactly what it is for! I have one and it works very well, but did need some honing out of the box to get it razor sharp.
I'm not 100% certain, but I don't recall ever seeing a left handed version of the 164. This really is an entry level hook knife. It's a quality entry level, but it's never going to compare to a professional grade hook knife in sharpness. If you want something that will do everything you want it to and be left handed, check out Nic Westerman or Kestral tools. They're more expensive; but they are heirloom worthy tools.
Yes, this is the one. It also has a pointed tip. It came to me sharp and it works wonderful.
Look for the Morakniv wod carving 163. It's double edged and should be better suited for the left (or right) hand.
It's much more suited for right handers. I'm left handed also.
Not strictly. I am right handed, and although I mostly use it with my right hand, I have no problem using it with my left hand. So if you are left handed you should be able to use it with either hand.
Really, it's just a matter of what you're looking for. The Mora is a great knife to get you started into carving without spending a fortune on a professional carving knife. The bad is, it doesn't come as sharp as what you're going to want, so while it works, you'll want to spend some time honing the edge. The geometry of the blade isn't perfect either, so you have to work harder than you would with a more expensive knife. The good: So far, my experience has been positive. It's solidly built. I've never had a problem with the blade becoming loose from the handle, so no worries there. For the price, this is an excellent knife. If you decide in the future that you want to get a little more serious about carving, I'd highly recommend Kestrel tools, but they aren't cheap. I hope that helps, if you have any other questions, feel free to ask!
Yes if you are using a Brother embroidery machine for sure. Other embroidery machines maybe. You can type several words depending on the size of the font and the hoop you are using with your machine. I hope this helps.
Julie, do you know the ballpark cost of the PE-780D? I'm doing my research on embroidery machines before I make a decision. There's not too many distributors in my area so I wanted to make sure I get a good price.
I have the brother se400 and the brother pe770. It would work with both but I returned it to Amazon. You can only merge one design and you can't change the size of it. It totally didn't do what I needed it/or as my understanding of what it was suppose to do. If you want a program to see your design patterns than this is what you want. If you want a program to use your designs to create (size)new designs and add lettering, you will want something else.
Yes you can. You just cannot edit them, only add onto them.
You must select the letter you're going to embroider and you can increase or decrease the size of your choice on the computer before transferring to the embroidery machine. Regards Isabel B.
Don't waste your money on this program. There are very few useful fonts for monogramming and only 3 patterns. It will not let you use fonts from other sources. Try SewWhatPro64. It let's you try it for free to see if you like it before you actually purchase it.
Yes
No
I had to return this item since I have windows 8 now and it was not compatible with my equipment. It looks like a new program for windows xp or earlier, though. Good luck!
Yes. Its a little difficult to do. I have to add the letters then cut and paste it on to a file with the other letter but it can be done.
Spools are noted with 1000m on the label...1093 yards or so.
1100 yards per spool
Each spool contains 1000M of thread.
No. There are not even names of colors listed.
I received 12 x 12.
The transfer paper helps u line it up before u stick it down. U won't always need it, but it is helpful when it's a longer word or larger image!
I used them with cameo (similar to cricut) and worked great
It works great for the silhouette for stenciling and other silhouette projects. I prefer it to the rolls (easier to use). You need to adjust the blade/cut settings though to get it to cut clean. You can use the silhouette settings for vinyl but you want to adjust it to cut thicker material than you would with the silhouette rolls or it won't remove properly. Hope this helps!
You have to buy transfer paper separate.
I didn't have a problem with any of it, but go with 651 if you want to be SURE
No. Used with a cutter.
There is no marking on the back like oracal would have so I don't think so, but it has held up very well
Hello, Not good for t shirts, however, you can cut a design, weed out the copy, apply to t shirt, as a stencil, apply fabric paint, let dry, remove vinyl , and there it is your design on a shirt, take your time , test it on a old shirt first, copy will need to be a good size , small text probly wont get a good result, and Good luck ,I hope this helped. Steve
They are 12x12 sheets of vinyl...mine came packaged flat in a stack, like a scrapbooking paper pack.
I'm not really sure how good this will stick to fabric. Try it sounds like a good idea!
NO, NOT FOR T-SHIRTS OR FABRIC. You have get "Iron-On" vinyl for T-shirts. This is for putting on walls, crafting, etc.
I've put it on some glasses and sippy cups and washed in dishwasher...didn't stay on long...maybe 3 weeks. Handwashing stayed on a little longer but still not "forever"
Not sure of the brand but works well thru my Silhouette.
I have purchased 2 sets of these threads from Kolors. I especially like the variety of colors. I use a Brother PE- 770. I hope you have as much fun as I have had doing embroidery. In case you haven't been told, you should clean your machine atleast once a week in the bobbin area, that way any thread you use won't get tangled and you won't get as frustrated.
I have the pe 770 brother. The thread is good for big letters but appliqus and small letters it breaks and tears easy! Yes I use it but that's due to I already have it and it's cheap. I recommend coats thread from Walmart
The thread does not come with a color chart.
I wouldn't use it for basic top stitching but I think it would be OK for decorative stitches. Since decorative stitches are basically embroidery it should work but I haven't tried it for that. I don't think it's strong enough for anything else.
Yes. Your machine should have an accessory pack that includes a plastic attachment that keeps the spool of thread on. If you don't have one, you can take a piece of styrofoam and push it through the thread post to hold the spool on.
In the description it states "40 Weight, 500 meters (550 yards) each spool" the 500 m is the length of the thread, the weight is 40. You have the correct thread.
A rack is not included
Please try putting a thread cap on
I wouldn't advise it. Serger thread is a different type of thread used to construct clothes so its more durable. This polyester thread for embroidery is more for decorative purpose. I would suggest Maxi-lock or Sure-lock for serger thread
When it is zigzags the needle move left to right or side to side when it snows in a straight line the needle goes straight forward
I have not been able to find a conversion chart either. Sure would help if we could find one.
i have a singer and they fit , but i use a external thread holder, here is one like what i use, they sell them at amazon, i love love love it, one of the best things i have ever purchased
I believe it is a 40 weight. Very thin & fine. If you are looking for a good weight thread, for a heavy fabric - try Sulky Brand or C&C Embroidery Threads. I use cotton coats & clarks a lot even though class instruction will say it's a no-no. My little machine does fine embroidering with cotton sewing thread.
It is really hard to find sometimes. Rather than at the bottom in a pre-cut slit like other spools, the end of this thread is tucked into the spun thread. If you look around the outside of the spool, you should see one thread that is at a bit of an angle and "disappears" behind other threads. Take a pair of tweezers and pull out this one thread. That should be your end.
Embroidex. 100% polyester. This thread is strong, thick and colors are bright and wonderful!!! I'm not a sewing expert by any means, but the quality of this thread is fabulous! I will totally be reordering!
There are 48 different shades and the thread is good and doesn't break.
I have a Singer 160 and have no problems using these spools. They aren't real large. Only about1.5 to 2 inches high and the base is only about an inch and a quarter across.
sadly it does not say :-(
I had no trouble with them. Great quality
i have no idea but i do know the thread is nice and they were a great company to deal with, so just ask them maybe they can help good luck :-)
There are a number of good glues out there, but part of what works best will depend on the leather surface. Is it polished or does it have some texture? If it is smooth you may need to rough it up some. Same goes for the belt clip. That done, you could use hot melt glue or something like Quick Grip. If that doesn't hold, you may want to look at riveting the clip to another piece of leather and glue leather to leather. Hope this helps.
It's just one belt clip.
I use it on a 1/8" thick leather belt. I think the lip on a golf bag may be too thick, but there may be other places that you can clip it to on the bag.
Not sure what you are asking.. 7/8" is the width of the clip, and its 3" long/high. Snaps over a 2" double stitched leather belt just fine. I bought them for knife sheaths. they are very sturdy and work great.
Hello, That's a great question. Shipping is $3.25 + $.45 per item. Thank you, Bruce
I used this on a Nemesis pocket holster. I put a hole through the back of the holster and use rivet screws to attach. Then I glued the back of the clip to the holster and made an inside the waistband small of the back holster for my gun. The nemesis holster looks a lot like this holster, so doing the same thing should work. The clip is big enough to work on a one and a quarter to one and a half inch wide belt. Hope this helps. http://www.amazon.com/Pocket-Holster-Kimber-Blaster-Adhesion/dp/B00ACMPARE/ref=pd_sim_sbs_sg_6
If your machine works the PES digitizing code yes Otherwie if your machine uses another system You would have to find out what system it is. (look in the instruction mannual.) If its a different , you need an embroidery software that can convert from the system to the embroidery card uses to yours
Yes, it works in mine.
Yes some of these designs go up to 4x4. Some are smaller like the pacifier is about 2 inches. The crocodile is my favorite I think that one is about 4 inches my brother machine allows me to size designs up and down so I don't remember if I sized up the crocodile. My friend got this card too she used it for the baby designs on a quilt - it was really cute! There are many designs I think are 3 1/2 inches so if your machine allows you to enlarge you will ok to go 4x4 on most of these.
yes,as long as you have an embroidery card slot
Yes, It works on my Espree
I don't think so because it would need the embroidery card slot on the side of the machine. The pe500 was made for your computer compatible software cable with website designs you can go to websites like annthegran and download designs. If you want embroidery card designs look into the more expensive machines made by brother & babylock. I looked at the pe500 just to make sure it doesn't say anything about embroidery card use only refers to computer cable for designs.
No
not sure, but check the side of your machine to see if there is a slot for cards.
I download mine to a memory card. the newer ones download to your computer and connect to your machine.
I don't know
NO
Hi. I ordered and received this exact stand. Love it.
This item is great! Definitely not for long necklaces but perfect for ones that measure 18-20". The lower bar holds bracelets and watches. The velvet-like wrap around the bars keeps jewelry in place. Very happy with this purchase. Hoping for an extra tall stand for long necklaces.
About 12-18 inches give or take...
Great machine for my 6 year old granddaughter. She quickly learned and made several items.
No, but thank you
No
No, I got extras at Walmart
no
No.
Yes. It also uses standard metal bobbins.
Bought this for my wife last Christmas. It's a small, I repeat small, machine. Great for beginners. I'm sure an experienced seamstress could do some monogramming with it, but I wouldn't expect it to be easy.
Yes. Though I did not think the machine was of good enough quality to bother with. I returned mine and bought a higher quality machine.
Machine plugs in. Not sure if runs on battery as well. Sews great, young children need guidance. No needle guard but sews complex stitches, which many other brands do not.
Screw top. I also used for lip balm. Worked great.
One inch tall and one inch in diameter
It does not snap on and could fall off is dripped. It does fit snugly but can be lifted with just the weight of the container being sufficient to lift the lid off.
No
no, the lids have give to them
The storage container is very strong and will NOT bend. Only one hand is needed. That is - if it doesn't get broken in the delivery process by the USPS. Two of four were broken in my order, but the gemstone containers were OK..
The opening of each container is 3/4" across and depth of container up to the top of the screw area is 1".
Thank you for your inquiry. Yes, we do ship to Europe. Our free shipping is only for orders in the United States though.
it is a hard clear plastic very sturdy, i love them i put my nail art in the jars they are perfect for many things but thats what i use them for..
Mine both came in the master cartons.
I have the 10 needle brother. They are awesome. Use them ever day. I also get the sticky backing to size from all stitch and it works well. If you don't have theses frames, and you want to purchase them like yesterday. Promise you will not be disappointed.
Yes! I bought them and they work perfectly. I had the same question like you before I bought them.
Yes, I have 2 of those machines and I use these frames! They are great!! &#128515;
That is what I am using them on.
No these are for 6 needles machines
No stabilizer. Just the wet of hoops.
Yes, I would pin my garment on top of the floated stabilizer.
Yes
Yes
yes, they do. That is the same machine that I have and love these hoops.
15 sheets. If they don't list it at the top, sometimes you can find it in the product description farther down.
NO - it is WONDERFUL!!! No residue at all. Just remember that it IS cardstock and on the thicker side but I LOVE it.
the back side is white. no glitter.
No, I don't think stamp will work on this... is kind of "krispy"... Not a regular face... I've punched it and worked ok for my purpose but if you plan to punch a lot of it be aware that it can ruin your punch! After punching A LOT (like 200-300) I have to replace my punches... Hope it helps!!!
It is definitely a gold gold not a yellow gold I think it has more brown in it if that helps! It is really pretty!
Use the default settings for Glitter Card Stock Paper...I believe the default blade is set at 10 and double cut.
Not sure, but I would think you would be safe with white. The sample pictured here is gold. Couldn't find a picture of one called diamond.
12 sheets
The glitter is fine but the texture is very thick and course.
I didn't have great results with any glue I tried but good results with a tape gun.
It has to do with the machines that this kit fits. This fits my Jenome magnolia, but is to short to work on my white rotary with a side loading bobbin. So if the distance and loading mechanism are the same on your machine it should fit.
I don't know you'll need to research and see if your machine is a short shank or long and slant or not. My suggestion is go to their website and find out which part numbers fit then come back to Amazon..mi know I sure like the quality of ALL the feet I have bought of theirs.
They fit my Viking Sapphire so I would assume they would fit the Emerald 183. If not remember Amazon is great about returns.
Check the site, I have a Janome and the should give you the machines the feet work on.
It takes a little work to figure out how to make the adjustments, but once you do it works great. I've even used it on upholstery fabric (the heavier weight cottons), and it does a good job. I've used all these presser feet and they make sewing much easier. This is a great kit, I've bought several and use them all the time.
The "Product info" says it will but not your specific number. The connectors look right for a Kenmore but I bought mine for a Babylock. Try it and if it's not right - return it.
i use it on my brother duetta..love the feet dont know about other machines but i love love love the gathering foot!!
I am sorry I don't know. I have a Kenmore 385.19233. It is low shank and drop in bobbin. The list of machines it fits doesn't mention Viking. I think your best bet is to ask Distinctive directly, or buy one that is made specifically for your machine. I would have bought one specifically made for Kenmore, if I could have found one!
Sorry, I don't know.
yes
Yes you can! I use E-6000, but any fabric glue should work fine!
there are some 12 mm in the batch, but they are an assortment of various sizes
I use this exact die with my Cuttlebug. You don't use the thick white pad with it, but it works just fine.
This flower die is awesome even cuts through material! I love it for embellishing my handmade book covers & journals! Saves you lots of money by making your own flowers using this die!
The largest flower is 3 1/4" across at the widest point. The second largest flower layer is just under 2 3/4". Hope this helps.
Hi lilly, I am ASSUMING you can, however, I do NOT have A VEGABOND..havevyou tried utubing your question? I must say I LOVE THIS BIGZ DIE AND MY SIZZIX..Hope I helped.
No you don't. The die is approx. 5 1/2 x5 3/4 - the pads that come with the Big Shot are just fine.
You should be able to download the software from the eCraft website.
No battery - it works on AC outlet.
I find it excellent can not fault it
No, PC only... and only XP(SP3), Vista, and 7.
You should be able to download the software from the eCraft website.
No battery - it works on AC outlet.
I find it excellent can not fault it
No, PC only... and only XP(SP3), Vista, and 7.
You should be able to download the software from the eCraft website.
No battery - it works on AC outlet.
I find it excellent can not fault it
No, PC only... and only XP(SP3), Vista, and 7.
The tall letters are 3/4" tall. X5/8" wide.
The entire alphabet is on one long strip. Once cut out, they're individual letters & numbers.
I have not tried to cut felt or fabric using this die, but I since it is a sizzlet, I don't think it will work well with anything other than paper or cardstock. My understanding is only the Sizzix Bigz dies and the original dies are capable of cutting fabric.
They are 3/4". I would've liked them a bit taller myself.
I have not used a printer or ink jet on it. I can tell you I use it for spray painting my stencil art designs on it and sharpie artwork on it and cut it for my own stickers. This is very tough sticky high quality vinyl. It works great for what I use it for. It is slippery to draw on , but works for me.
You should be able to as long as you don't let it sit for to long
No you cannot. This has a peel off backing with adhesive. You can apply it to wood, glass or metal. Pretty much anything with a smooth surface.
If cabinets are painted, it will take off the paint. I'm not sure what it would do to stained cabinets. I don't recommend it.
any permanent marker
You should be able to. I used the red on my sons bathroom walls for phrases.
yes, it is very sturdy....
I'm sorry, but I do not know the weight of the paper. The only suggestion I can make is to go to a local art supply store and compare its weight and texture to a pad of rice paper that might have the weight shown on the cover of the pad. That may give you an idea.
No fibers, it is also smooth and thin and flimsy. reminds me of tracing paper - but less sheer and solid white. i thought it would be stiffer- at least as stiff as all purpose paper or construction paper. and i did want some texture and fibers, but not so much. i use it for baking cookies (absorbs oil) since i can't use it for the intended project :(
I've never used it for this purpose... but can see no reason why you couldn't.
Yea although I would have gotten a taller roll for deeper bodied fish. The roll is 15" tall
I don't know if you can run this paper through a printer, but I personally would look for rice paper that specified compatibility with printers, like you see on some regular paper. My daughter and I have used this paper for a variety of hand-painted projects, but it is somewhat thin and I'm not sure if I would trust it to go through a printer without issues. IMHO, of course! :-)
Yes, you can. This version of "rice paper" is almost a regular bond paper.
Yes you can use it on the windows but it tears easily and being white and transparent it may not be as effective as a bamboo or shogi shade over the window.
It's 50 feet, I got it a while back and use it for lots of stuff, including recovering a 6 ft screen.
No...this paper does not.
Yes
Hi Melissa, this is just peel and stick, like a large sticker. When you're done using it, it will come right off without taking off any paint. I love this stuff!
I actually used it to cover some damage on my door panels and dash. Worked great. I have used other colors, same company to add accents to small covers on the bumper, behind the chrome grille and even inside the Lexus L, and many inside components including the console. I work in nascar and it's not as hard and rigid as our wraps. More flexible when heated with just a hair dryer. Don't use torch or heat gun. I loved it. Really easy to work with at a low heat. Wish they would let me upload a pic.
I have taken a scraper to try and roll out the bubbles but it takes forever. So I've taken the Vynll half off the roll and that works.
As a teacher, I would say no. It is repositional but a small child would have a difficult time keeping it from sticking to itself. I would suggest magnetic paint and magnets.
I dont think so. Most likely you want a 'permanent' vinyl which can withstand even getting run through the dishwasher over and over. This type of vinyl is more for wall decals that can be peeled off and repositioned.
This stuff works well for customizing cars, shoes, crafts, etc... because with heat it conforms to about any shape and sticks but when removed comes off very easy and leaves no residue.
I used a cricut as well. but u will need transfer paper to adhere it to anything. a straight peel for anything large will bubble or stretch the vinyl. hope this helps.
I have not used a phaff, but it will be the next one I buy. What I do know is not to ever buy Husqvarna again. They do not stand by their product and service is bad.
No matter what you do, don't send it to the Factory. I had simple problem, and they broke my machine, and did not accept responsibility.
I cannot help you with determining the problem, but I can tell you DO NOT send it to the Husqvarna repair center. My machine was broken, and they took no responsibility for it.
the directions with the hoop are minimal for sure Align it in the software, expand the screen in the software so you can really look at it. Any gap will show. When its aligned send to the machine, and the machine will do the rest
Whenever you start a new project, make sure you're using the correct needle for the thread you're embroidering with. Double check your bobbin and the bobbin case - make sure there are no loose threads in the bobbin case, as well as no dust, lint, etc. Exactly where is your thread knotting? Is it on the underside of your fabric, on the top side of your fabric under your needle, or exactly where? Jeanie
I would suggest retread ingredients the top, try a different color and/or brand of thread & change the needle. 1 at a time to see which one helps. Also, when having problems of any type, go to medium weight woven material, like tablecloth/bed sheet type scrap & see if problem goes away. Sometimes you might be using the wrong type of needle & that will cause all kinds of problems. Hope this helps!
Yes
Yes, the machine is not dependent on the operating system but any software you have/need is. Viking sells its own software and you would have to check to make sure that it would work with Windows 8 but there are lots of other options out there. I use Embird which will work with Windows 8 and is much cheaper. Embrillance, which I also like, especially a module called Alpha Tricks, will work with Windows 8. Nearly every embroidery machine company makes its own software but in more recent years there are more independent software makers. Here's how I get my designs to my machine: I use a small USB stick (don't go very large as the machine will take too long to read it), put my designs onto the stick and plug the stick into my machine. I don't bother transferring directly from the computer to the machine using the available cord. I find the USB stick fast and easy. Hope this helps.
I just want to warn you, if you are considering buying Husqvarna sewing/embroidery machine- the repair/service work stinks!! They took 3 months to service my machine, and when I received it, it was broken, and they have not accepted responsibility to do the job right.
clean out bobbin case and change needle. There are several FB pages that can give you support. There really is no reason for this to happen.
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
I did not measure the ones I used, but would estimate 6 1/2 inches by 3 1/2 inches.
I would say no, they are a little less than 1/4 inch thick. I was able to punch a holes in them with a crop-a-dile hole puncher. I painted them with chalkboard paint and made ornaments.
Depends on the rocket. These are rather thick slabs (I use then for the base of DC powered air propelled cars in engineering education) and unless you have a large model rocket, these would not likely work all that well. Too much weight and fairly thick for typical model rockets.
I don't have the package any more, but looking at the project I built with these it looks like 6.
6 pieces per package. Not sure about the size, I think it is 3 to 4 inches by 7".
these are all upper case letters
They are approximately 1 1/4" across and 1 3/4" tall.
I would say that the size is about an inch tall.
They are about an inch high.
They're pretty thin, about 1/8", and made of balsa as well. Not sure I'd expose them to a lot of water, but you may get one or two decent stamps out of each one.
Loew Cornell does not make individual packages of letters.
Only if you paint them with exterior paint. They are small and thin. Don't know how long they would last.
They are thin enough I would say they would. Their thickness can be compared to the raised stickers that are used for scrapbooking.
I don't remember exactly, but I'm pretty sure it was 3 to 4 of each....
The font is all capital letters and looks like the blue letters on the outside of the container.
Mine only smears if I dont let it dry completely
with this product, I would suggest no as the ink can be 'leaky" it's quite moist. it really needs paper in order for it not to bleed. just my thoughts.
Pigment Ink does not dry on slick surfaces. It takes longer to dry on paper, making it great for heat embossing with clear EP though.
Yes. ColorBox sells reinkers for all their inkpads. cheers!
yes
Figure you could try it on a scrap, but if it were me, I would use Stazon (hope I'm spelling this right) brand ink pads... that stuff stamps on ANYTHING!
I have never had any problem with it drying. The issue is that you HAVE to make sure all of the embossing powder has melted when you hit it with the heat gun - and be aware that it takes the heat gun a moment or two to heat up... just because it's blowing doesn't mean it's hot enough. Once it has warmed up, and your embossing powder is on there, it should "dry" (harden is a better word) within 10 seconds.
I do not think so. It's just a spongy ink - that will likely be washed out in the machine.
we have primarily 2*2 1/2
I only use it on paper. My instinct tells me it would not work on fabric since it smears even after I've let it dry overnight (and it would probably smear when washed). But maybe some one else has had success.
Hi It washes really easy and it's good in pigmentation. Good for bigginers considering money wise. Overall I recommend it. Hope it answers your question.
Colors: Plum Berry, Lettuce, Sweet Melon, Dune, Banana Custard, Wild Hare, Shabby Pink, Cape Cod
Graham, there are no raised dividers to compromise your image. Sometimes I put my stamp on just the blue or red quadrants to avoid rainbow effect. Wash and dry your stamps between uses so pad colors don't get mixed.
yes each color slides out and has a small handle to hold on to I had an old set that I just replaced and the only difference is my old set has the color number for each color so you could buy the reinkers this set dosent have that but I copied the numbers and color names to my new set..
What a cute idea! Pigment inks transfer well to canvas and you will get the best results with 100% cotton canvas. You may have to press their little thumbs onto the surface with a little more pressure to optimize their print. Best wishes and hug them all for me! Lani Cruz 12 Hugs Children's Centers 650-355-8964
Yes
If the cover is cracked or broken, contact amazon and ask for a replacement. The ink willdry up and the foam will ddeteriorate. They are very honorable with their customers. My item lasted many many years. Enjoy yours.
I don't have this particular set, just lots of other ones
I'm not entirely certain how long one would last, because I've never had reason to give it heavy use...I'm sorry I couldn't be of more assistance with your question.
It should be fine on either, you may have to take a hair drier on low heat to it if it doesn't dry in a reasonable length of time though, or maybe emboss it.
3/16" is the diameter of the barrel
There's 10 sets in a pack
12 in a package.
It is a 3.0L tank.
Been using it with my Badger Patriot and Krome a 15-100 psi without any issues.
I used it to airbrush scale models. I think its great for the price. Also its pretty compact and not too noisy.
I'm a taxidermist and have used one for a year now with no problems. I don't use it all day long and ever day though but for my needs it's awesome.
It's kinda loud when it's running...until it stops working completely after only a handful of times using, then it's completely noiseless! Don't waste your money on this unit. I'd recommend going with a Badger model or another more well known brand. (Mine died after a few months and I hadn't used it more than a few times)
Hey Nick , I'm not sure what your wanting to use this for but it is a very good airbrush compressor for airbrushing .
It's more than perfect for the job. I build models and have a friend that used it for doing some shirts. He liked it so much he got one for himself.
No it does not
The compressor needs to be turned on in order for the regulator to work. Turn on the compressor and the needle should move (as long as air isn't escaping from an open valve somewhere), then you can adjust the output pressure with the knob. Did that help?
It works with 110V. Haven't tried with 220V or seen if it's rated for operating with that voltage.
http://www.amazon.com/Badger-Airbrush-Jar-Adaptor-Cap/dp/B000BRSAMM/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pd_S_nC?ie=UTF8&colid=3UM79KDZA3BB&coliid=IOHBKOIXJITW8 Here is the Amazon page they are on.
If you can thin it to spray it will work, just make sure you clean them real good, and I use a turpentine at the end of day to clean my airbrush, just in case I don't get it clean enough with water, since most of the paint I use is Enamel Paints or Acrylic.
I have many of these and never tried to replaced the tubing. I find it more convenient to just keep some extra bottles and caps around. You always take tubing from another bottle and use it. I have some bottles now without tubing because I forgot to clean the old paint and the tubing was discolored. I am not sure of tubing size. Since is a hard plastic, they are likely hard to find anyway.
Not sure about every airbrush, but they fit both my Paasche Millennium and Master S62 just fine.
Yes
Yes !!. I have harbor freight airbrush
That would be nice, however it is not necessary. If you get this box of bottles, she will have plenty of bottles to work with. This purchase will hold her for many years. The bottles are easy to clean and can be used over and over. She does have to do a quick clean out the airbrush between colors. To prevent clogging and keep the spray even she needs to be sure she cleans the bottles and spray tubes thoroughly between paint jobs.
Sorry both of my airbrushes are Master. I think they will but don't know for sure??
Hithe best information I can give you is that these bottles do not work well with any of the paasche airbrush models.. hope this helps
looking at the picture of the paashe h I'd say yes. I put different colors in 10 bottles and only use it maybe once a week Just shake it up or stir it before use and to help keep my air gun clean between paints I use thinner to make sure all paint is gone, you can use water but I found paint stayed behind sometimes.
Not sure what you're saying, but the water in you moisture trap is a good thing. Worst case scenario, call airbrush Depot and see what rhwykk do to replace it.
It doesn't come with a hose but has the hose connections.
Hi Miss Susan if I find my manual I'll scan it and then send it to you by email. That is if you can give me your email then after I email it to you then I'll delete your email address but I'll look for it in the morning. my email is silverhawk02@live.com
My Depot TC-20 requires a power source of 115 V AC. If you must have a 220 V unit, I suggest you contact the manufacturer and ask if they can provide one that operates on that voltage. Good luck...
Yes, it's an air compressor, that's what they're intended to do. You'll need a hose and any adapters to connect your device to it, but yes. The tc-20t model comes with a gallon tank on top which prevents continuous running and allows more stable air pressure.
The size thread on the regulator is a 1/8th you can get the hoses for it off of ebay
I am absolutely satisfied with this desk. Mostly I use it in the flare posistion, but even when angled the support arm holds very well. The only down side, the plastic holding trays, the round holes are a little to small for a bottle of beer, other then that; it's a great desk. All pieces were in the box, nothing broken- took about an hour to put together, one person.
It's ok. Could be thicker in the padding
yes, I bought this table for drafting and use a t square all the time. If needed the side trays come off.
it sits at 29.5 inches high, not what i consider bar height
Inches
It did not have a light.
This item ships directly from the vendor. It should ship shortly after your order is received.
I haven't cut anything that is laminated, but I have cut heavy cardboard with ease. All you have to do is cut slowly and control drag created by thickness by cutting slowly and carefully and thereby controlling the drag created by thickness. I have been very pleased with this cutter, and i have noted other people's comments on the negative side. I think some of those comments may have been the result of trying to cut something too thick too quickly. While this cutter won't handle really thick materials, it will handle a lot of materials with some careful judgment.
I wouldn't recommend cutting more than one pc of cardstock at a time, though I have cut two sheets (bearing down harder on the blade) ... it seems to dull the blade faster and you end up with rougher edges.
I haven't experienced any fraying of the wires and I use some pretty heavy paper.
Triple 196870-1001 Track Refill Blade For No.9893 - This is what my replacement pack was labeled.
I am not sure how thick foam board is, but I have not had any trouble cutting thin cardboard. I line the piece up and then pull the cutter very slowly while holding firmly onto the left side of the piece. So far I have not had any trouble. If foam board is more than 1/8" thick, it might cause a real drag on the cutter. I hope this helps.
I use the Fiskar replacement blades and it works just fine. Here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-Titanium-TripleTrack-Replacement-01-005740/dp/B004EI8XG2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1427644552&sr=8-2&keywords=Fiskars+TripleTrack+High+Profile+Replacement+Blades I hope you found it helpful
this paper trimmer comes with the cutting blade. the scoring blade is a separate purchase.
Email fiskar,explain the situation
The lines are dark and easy to see but having been visually impaired in the past you mom might have to use magnifying glass. Once line located it would be easy to line up paper and cut.
It may, the blade isn't very deep but I've cut chipboard with no problem, you just have to go over it a few times. It's excellent for paper, card stock and chipboard. I like the wire that shows where the blade will cut.
They are about 1/2 an inch in diameter. I have uploaded pictures of the actual earrings in my hand and in my ear; take a look. :-)
Don't really know - didn't say nickel free or anything... so I figure stainless steel... I don't know about hypoallergenic - have to ask the seller. It comes with plastic backing so in my mind - it's kinda cheaply... I hate to say cheap because the earrings look nice to me.
Unfortunately, no.
It is lined. You can cook tea in it.
Turkey
6-8
Three different adapters. I purchased this to adapt my hose for a badger sotar airbrush. The badger is very small (1/8") male connector and my hose was 1/4". It is a good set I recommend if you are not exactly sure of your adapter needs.
I purchased an adapter from TCP Global (Airbrush depot). I used their hose which came with the pump and the adapter part number ABD A-Paasche or you can get the whole set of adapters (4) ABD A-ALL. Suggest you buy more than one.
While you can use a regular compressor, that is not an ideal setup. First of all, most regulators on bigger compressors do not have the capability to make the smaller adjustments necessary for airbrushing. Secondly, you will absolutely need a moisture trap. Thirdly, a regular compressor is going to be a lot noisier ad present location problems. And finally, adapting from airbrush fittings to a standard compressor fitting would be a challenge. You will be better off to buy a compressor built specifically for airbrushing.
The description just says you can connect Paasche to Master and Iwata hoses. It doesn't specifically say Paasche H-set. I'm guessing if it didn't, they would be more specific since another, different Master adapter set does say specifically it doesn't fit Paasche. Hope this helps.
No. This adapter will not fit the Aztek airbrush. You will need an adapter that will fit from the hose to the airbrush. Fred Thornburg
one of the three is for badger, and yes, it SHOULD work, but without yr compressor & parts in front of me, I can't guarantee it......
Jenny. I had the same problem and I needed my tool to get back to work. There is an "all air brushes" adaptor kit which includes all air fittings available thru Amazon or Ebay. Amazon should be quicker if you need to use your tool right away. It only costs a couple of bucks :)
Hi Kathleen, I don't have the 555 model, but I have a Janome 108, and it fits perfectly. I feel like the foot control is a little sensitive, and causes the machine to run very fast, but it works. Hope that helps. I would send you a picture of the input on my machine, but I don't think I can attach a photo to this comment. Have a good day!
I'm not sure about the Janome because I bought it to replace a Kenmore sewing machine. As long as the plug and depth are the same it should.
If the connection is the same with your machine I will.. I using it in a singer
Janome Foot Control with Cord for Models: 660, 661, Jem Gold II, 1004, 1612, 1622, 1803, 1814, 1818, 1822, 2003P, 2041, 2049, 3128, 3434D, 4014, 4018, 4023, 4026, 4052, 4119, 4612, 4618, 5018, 5024, 9102D, 11100DX, HF2022, Harmony 4045, HF1012, JD1818, JD1822, JS1008, L393, LR Series, MS3015, QS2250, RX18, Decor Excel 5018, MC4023, MC4018, TB-12, New Home Serger Models: 104D, 644D, 9102D, HF504D, My Lock 734D, SW-2018E
It fit the 8002D and fits many of the janome sewing machines so if it looks the same, probably.
It should fit. Please check the shape of the connector. Thank you.
It is both
As long as the grooves are the same on the Janome it should work. This is a universal type plug.
I ordered mine to replace the control for my kenmore sewing machine. As long as the groves are the same depth and the cord you're replacing looks the same, it should work.
Yes this cord has the foot control that attaches to the machine and then the cord continues to be the power plugin. It has worked well for me.
I don't think they will fit. They are about 7/8" tall. Check out this other bobbin on Amazon. http://www.amazon.com/Embroidery-Bobbins-Brother-Machines-Esg-bob/dp/B004QT6FIM
I do not know, but I DO know this....not all the bobbins would work in my Babylock Quest...I have tossed about a third of them, I think.
These bobbins are just a tiny bit wider than 1/4 inch and 3/4 inch in diameter. They are meant for a bobbin holder than is a bit shallow. Hope this helps. They work perfect in my Babylock machine.
I am not sure what you are wanting to know. I bought these to fit in my Brother Pacesetter 8200 embroidery machine. I would suggest asking the vendor if they are the correct size you are wanting. They have a listing of the machines these bobbins fit. Did you check that along with your manual? Good luck!
My a says I have number 136492001, best I can tell there are only 2 sizes 15 and 155. Thee may fit your machine and I don't need them. I ordered the wrong ones and the vendor doesn't answer any emails so Amazon gave me back my money. It would be best if you could find out which of he "standard" bobbins you use. These are SA155.
To air on the side of caution I am going to say no. They list the models it's works with in the product description and that model is not listed...
Yes
Have you tried going to their website? Try this... http://www.sewingpartsonline.com/babylock-esg3-sewing-machine-parts.aspx
No
I have no idea. I ordered it for a Euro Pro.. It fit it but I am not sure it is the correct one.
Don't know, but didn't fit baby lock Decorators Choice sewing machine
I am sorry. Had a part number for a friend. And I order it. ok...
This bobbin was suppose to fit my machine but did not
No
I'm not sure, but it does fit my PE770
You can use it on a standard machine; however, the width of your sewing swath will be limited. I would estimate that the width of the swath is about 1.5 to 2 inches narrower than the distance from the needle to the body of the machine. I bought a Juki machine specifically because it had a bigger throat area (and it didn't have a bunch of fancy stitches that I never use) so I could do machine quilting more easily. The Juki I bought is not a long arm, but it definitely has more space than my other machine. Just as another comment about the Flynn frame - you need a wide table to work on. Because you are sliding the frame all the way from one end to the other, you need a lot of space on BOTH sides of the sewing machine. It has worked fine for baby quilts and lap quilts, but I might have to set up something in the garage if I want to do a wider quilt!
This frame will work with any machine, that is what is so great. You can do any size as long as you change the length of the bars. It comes with 36" bars, but you can buy pvc bars at any lowes or home depot to the length that you want. Really easy to use. Love it.
The prewound bobbin might be a good idea. I use all different kinds but it isn't too hard. I just slide the frame all the way over and change the bobbin out and put it back in place and start going again. It is the best investment I have had.
I would think it would work with any machine. I have a couple different machines I use it with and it works great. My husband also cut me some 10 ft rods so that I could do bigger quilts and it works really good. I would use a couple more of the balancing tubes but besides that works great. If you would like some example quilts I quilted with it send me your email address and I will email you acouple.
that is a good question, I have found that metal poles are to heavy and so far I have not found fiberglass poles in my city, that is why he does not sell any long than 4". only my guess. So in answer to your question. First y need a big table or stand that is about 8 - 9 feet long and 3 - 4 feet wide as the longer frame will need this space to move side to side and back and froth.
yes, but have a nice large table to use the frame on
any model of sewing machine it is the size of the table that is important need a big table even 4 he 48" must be at least 3' wide
I have singer machines so I'm not sure. But it says it will work with any machine
Yes it come with a DVD and I keep it handy, it help when setting up the three rods and it also shows some of the stitching patters.
a lot depends on the sewing machine if I has alpabet loaded. found that the Flynn frame was do hard for me to do as I DID NOT HAVE A BIG ENOUGH TABLE. and the frame kept rolling off the table. and u need fiberglass tubes if u r going to make a quild that is wider than 48". I metal ones r 2 heavy.
Yes they work perfectly for my machine.
I'm not sure about your model, but I have the Janome DC5100, which has a drop-in bobbin and they fit perfectly. I'm pretty sure that all Janome bobbins are pretty standard, but it would be best to contact Janome just to make sure.
I am not sure. They do fit my Janome 6260.
I would guess they would fit yours. My machine is a Brother SE400 and recommends this size.
I don't know. I do know that they state they are compatible with a Janome and they are NOT.
Yes they are! All newer Janome models use the same bobbins. Ihese are listed on their site. Good bobbins by the way.
All of the newer Janome machines use these bobbins, so does the Magnolia.
Supposedly these are almost universal for Janome sewing machines. These are listed as usage for Janome 2212. The bobbins work in my Janome Magnolia #7318; the problem I have with them is as the machine sews there is a rattling sound. I never experienced the rattling sound before using these bobbins.
I don't know. I have a Janome machine.
Not sure but they fit the Kenmore I have
There is attachment piece in this kit that screws on like your regular foot does. There is a bar across the top of each foot that gets pushed into the slot in the screwed in attachment. The lever on the back of the attachment will release the foot when you pull up on it, to allow you to change feet easily.
There is 1/2 inch between the screw and the foot, which makes it a low shank machine. High shanks have 1 inch between screw and foot. Most machines these days are low shank but I do know that Bernina's use their own specialty feet. Measure the distance. I own Singers and a Brother and they both use the same feet.They are low shank machines.
I created this page to specifically help with sewing machine feet. I will (when I get my light tent set up again) update this page in the future to include some more feet (I've already covered the more common uncommon presser feet, but I have recently obtained some antique feet to my collection. http://pointysticks.net/sewing-machine-feet/
I just measured a garment I rolled the hem on and it is 1/8". I hope that helps!
I have this set but I'm afraid I can't tell you what these two feet are for. They are certainly decent quality though and for the price you really can't go wrong. I got them for the zipper foot. I'm not sure how to use the seam bar.
Usually, if it has a Low shank they will work. I have a Brothers, Singer and Paff and it works on them.
Yes
If your needle is adjustable (from side to side) you can use these.
Not sure you might want to contact the manufacturer on that one.
Most singers are low shank however some are slant shank.
Unless they have changed the product (I ordered mine some time ago), the shank (and part that goes around the machine) is purple and does have a spring in it. The big foot itself is clear. It works well.
It fits a low shank machine, not a high shank machine
I use my babylock auto tension, I have heard if there is problem you can adjust it but mine is right on normal.
For Trisha D. - look on the side of your machine. Does the place where you insert the plug match the silhouette in the purple circle? According to the photos that I could find, this power cord should work.
I had a problem with the pedal with my serger. After investigation (I traced the components and drew up a schematic), I found out that the wiring for the cord was incorrect. After switching the wires, the pedal worked fine. The circuitry is simple triac controller. It should work with any universal motor. If your connector is properly wired it should work fine.
There is a slight possibility. I bought it for my machine. It did connect but not all the way into the machine. It still worked but, when I used it the light on the sewing machine dimmed as I was using it.
I don't know. But it shows you what the end of the plug looks like
You will have to look at the plug and check out the spec. It will tell you on this site what it will fit your machine.
I'm just another user, not the manufacturer, but if your Brother machine uses the standard rectangular plug with pedal and electric going in, it probably does! It's inexpensive enough to be worth the try!
If the plug matches your old machine where it plugs to the machine
Answer here...I do not know I have a "Brother" sewing machine, sorry.
Look at the little photo provided... In the blue circle... That is the end of the cord that plugs into your sewing machine. If it fits, it works .
It is variable speed.
Model: KD-1902. 110-120V 50/60Hz. Top left of label: 1301 FDM. This is a variable speed controller. Below is info from my order: Electronic Foot Control with Cord (369434003) (419451-003) Sold by: SewingMachinesPlus
I believe if the plug end is the same it will work
my use of this pedal was not for sewing , but rod building
yes !!! it works
I don't know l have never owned a brother only have baby lock n Bernina sorry.
Look at the plug in for the foot on your machine and match it.
Yes. I have the same machine and it works :-)
Yes!! It is a good one too. I lost my original and this one worked great, like the other one I lost.
I don't know, you need to reach the seller of your machine and ask them. That's what I did.
I tried to google the machine model you listed. Are you sure it's not a Brother Xr1355 machine? That's all I could find online. That being said, I don't know if it will fit. The Foot pedal has a one plug in that goes into the machine. It's a single plug, much like a headphone plug. It worked on my Brother, project runway machine.
You will need to read your sewing machine manual to determine . I have a brother and my manual had given suggestions to my machine.
It works with my Brother Simplicity model, I think it's standard plug, but not sure. Might check on the Brother website -- also, I did contact the seller, who was very helpful about whether it would work with my sewing machine.
No
Sorry I have a Brothers but it seem to fit mine fine. My machine is low shank. I enjoy it but the guide bar is a little flimsy.
It will fit the Brother SE400, I don't know if it will fit the White. It is a good foot, does what it is supposed to do!
In the search area type in the machine brand and model and 1/4" foot and the correct choices should show up for your machine
Yes
I'm not sure if this would fit your machine or not but my advice would be to go to your local singer dealer and buy one direct from them. Less hassle and you know for sure that it will fit. The cost of the part plus shipping it was very close to what I paid at the singer dealer.
I have found that most if not all instructions can be found on UTube. The tutorials really are great. Just place your question in search and you are on your way. Hope it works for you
Don't know for sure. The difference is that the bar that catches onto the machine was too wide for mine. It did fit on my Brother though so if you could borrow a foot from someone's Brother and it works on your then I would think it would. Their foot is good quality and inexpensive so I took a chance. It's not as heavy weight as my Platform foot.
It is for me on the Brother Duetta.
not sure I know what a low shank is - the model of my machine is a Brother Baby Lock Grace and this foot works great on the machine.
I cant' answer that, all I know is it did not fit my Pfaff. Wish they would be clearer.
The first thing you need to consider is the sewing machine. Does your machine accept high shank or low shank presser feet. Most newer machines use low shank presser feet. The item pictured is not a presser foot. It is a snap-on presser foot low shank adapter. Without a snap on presser foot to go with the snap on shank adapter you have nothing. A high or low shank presser foot is one piece and complete and only need to be attached to the machine and secured with the screw to function. The snap on presser feet were designed for speed, convenience and utility for changing presser feet for different sewing conditions. You only need to secure the snapon adapter to the sewing machine once. Then a wide variety of sewing snap on feet can be used with easy snap on / snap off utility. Don't know if there is a high shank snapon adapter. Beware that none of this works if you have a slant shank vs straight vertical sewing machine. Also, don't know if all manufacturer snap on presser feet fit all manufacturer snap on shank adapters. My limited experience is that most snap on shank adapters and snap on presser feet are compatible with each other. Good luck.
If you look on the left side of the presser foot bar, near the bottom, there is a screw - you remove it, take off any existing feet or snap-on shank, and then put this one on in its place. In the picture, there is a rectangular opening in the middle - that is where it slides onto the presser foot bar, and there is an opening on the left side for the screw.
What is Super Jeans 26, is this the size?
Only if you have a low shank sewing machine.
I had no problem attaching the shank. Beware. The problem for me was no feet generic or brand name would attach and be functional. Your dealer should provide a free replacement. See if they have the shank in an all metal version.
No it is for a different model
Oh... I wish I could answer that. I can tell you that it did NOT fit a Brother model from the 80's. Good luck!
Bernina's have their own clamp-on system, they are not a low shank machine and so this snap on adapter would not fit. Bernina does make a snap-on adapter so you can buy other brands of snap-on feet.
I do not know which machine you have. Both could be used, in general.
Yes, the high shank adapter is included in the set. If your Kenmore is left centered needle it might work. Most of these are for center needle, so if you have a 3 needle position machine, some feet will only be usable in the center position.
Somebody created this listing with inconsistent information. We will send by the title. That means High Shank.
I had trouble with this. The attachment didn't seem to fit right. My husband cut off part to make it fit but now it wobbles a bit. I don't use it much anyway, I have another machine, so it's okay.
Yes it should.
Yes, it is included. Thank you.
The length from bottom of foot to top of shank is 1 3/8 inches, hope that helps. I have an older Necchi, and it works great.
The Simplicity Celebrity S210 uses Low Shank snap on feet!
Yes, My machine is a White and probably 40 years old.
It is a two prong plug that fits into any standard outlet.
There is no end of cord, The only end is the plug into the electric outlet.
I am sorry I can't tell her the correct answer as not for sure what model she has. If her machine will plug into outlet of foot pedal it will work. If I had the model I could probably give her a definite answer..
Sorry, nothing printed anywhere.
Mark, I returned the compressor they suggested as it didn't work. I actually use a garage compressor and it works great. It will work with any compressor as long as it has the Psi needed.
That might work but I doubt it. The Paasche you mentioned works on low pressure, about 12-20 psi. I guess it would depend on the thickness of the paint. The 300 has a small orifice and paint may not spray freely unless thinned.
Yes it should if it's at least a 1/6 hp as they recommend... I have a 1 hp 3 gallon compressor...and you can regulate the pressure.... if the hose does not fit on your compressor ... you can buy an adapter at any hardware store...
I seriously doubt it. I do not think that a mini makeup compressor can generate anywhere near the volume required to power the 300T. The pressure would be almost okay, but the volume would not. Also, the 300T has a 1/4 inch screw on connector that has to be used to keep the hose attached. You will definitely want a 1/4 or 1/5 HP compressor. Hope this helps.
Adjust your flow knob. Also crank it up. I spray around 35-40 psi depending on the solution. When you set your psi are you watching what happens to the gage after you pull the trigger. My often drops and I have to readjust the pressure. Hope this helps.
It sounds like your other equipment utilizes a turbine style HVLP compressor that moves a high volume of air at a low pressure. The large hose will facilitate the large volume of air. The 300T that you bought utilizes a small, low pressure compressor. I am not aware of any way to adapt the 300T to a turbine style compressor. I use a 300T all the time and love it. I'm actually looking at another one. Hope this helps.
You will need to have one because it's just the gun.
Glass
Very Very small...me and my daughter used these for a project.
Quite small, I can't give a calculation but I would say the size of a bb for a bb gun.
I am not aware, however, you may wish to "google" it.
I have the Royal and I am absolutely delighted with it. I guess that I have used it for 75 keins of yarn so far and it works perfectly every time. I highly recommend it.
I've wound balls of 300+ yards and many of less and the Royal works fine. If you want your yarn to come from inside, be sure to secure the yarn into the notches on the top of the spool and if it is a large ball, cut good-size pieces of panty hose or knee hi and slip over the ball before you remove it from the spool, again making sure the yarn is available from the center. If you don't do this one alternative is to carefully place the yarn in a small baggie or a store bought container. This advice pertains to any ball winder not just the Royal. Regardless of the ball winder you will need to secure the yarn or it will unravel and turn into a "rat's nest".
Yes.
Hi, Margo You can use the Royal winder alone to make yarn balls.
one and one half inch
..I bought it because it was advertised as being made in Japan and was superior to those from China. duh
VERY.
It is indeed upright, like in the picture.
What matters is the needle you use. For thick materials like denim, use a sz 14 or 16 needle.
someone said none, but it comes with a monogramming foot?
If it has one I haven't been able to find it. My manual doesn't mention it?
It's not available anymore. You might try calling a Authorized Brother dealer and see if they have it, and what the price is.
The only thing I can think may be keeping it from fitting flush is a small tab on the plate must fit into a slot as you slide it back into place, if this isn't in that slot it won't sit flush. This may not be your problem, but I have encountered that in my machine and that was the fix.
I don't have the machine with me right now but if you click on the picture and enlarge it, you may find something like the satin stich and you can vary the stitch length to get satin. Hope this will help you. I believe anyone who appreciates a sewing machine for its easiness of handling will love this machine.
No
yes! we did the exact same thing with the remainder of ours last week. my daughter used a ton of jewels on hers and played outside with her cape on a couple times now. if any have fallen off, i haven't noticed:) they definitely wouldn't survive the washing machine, but they have a good "stick" to them!
They are on small plastic sheets. Very easy to peel off. I had 3-8 year olds using them and they did fine.
Also yellow, pink, clear, orange. Mine did not come in a bag, but stuck on stacks of "4x"4 pieces of plastic. Just peel off and stick. It was easier to keep up with the stickers that way. We used them on a mission trip in remote villages of the Amazon River in Brazil.... Decorated foam visors.
We haven't used these on wood, but you can always add a dab of any kind of glue to the back of them if the adhesive doesn't end up being sticky enough for your liking. They stick well enough to paper that if you try to pull them off the paper comes with it!
They might be fine as long as it is on a temporary basis, if you just need the costume for one night. You could use fabric glue to fasten them more securely.
Definitely. The jewels come with a fairly strong natural adhesive. (Think poster tape)
No, There is no any black stones there
Some might but we had some that were not sticking to our craft sticks. You could use the Aleene's tacky glue since it turns clear when it dries.
I don't know if they would or not. I haven't tried, but I think they would.
I used it for my embroidery machine that does not require a foot pedal
Yes it will. That's the machine I bought it for. I also lost mine while moving.
I have a Project Runway so not sure what your's is. The plug is about 5/8" with the 2 holes that plug into the machine. Hopefully that helps.
It doesn't list that model number, so I would say that your safest bet would be to not purchase this cord.
It's a 6' cord.
This cord works on both of my Brother machines, and they are different macines. Also works in my Babylock. I would think it works on all Brothers sewing macines
I do not know. It fit my Brother.
I believe it will fit all Brother sewing machines.
YES!! :-)
I don't know if the bernina company made them, but they look exactly like the ones that came with my machine. They work perfectly, also!
I'm sorry, but I am not certain. I had a difficult time finding bobbins for my Bernina "Anniversary Edition" model. Finally found a great sewing store in suburban Chicago that had proper Bernina supplies. I ordered a pack of bobbins through an Amazon seller but the bobbins were too thick for my machine.
Yes
yes
i really dont know, i have a 730 and they work for it. these are a shorter in height than than most
They look just like the Bernina Bobbins I have, and they work just fine in My Artista 180. As far as seeing any identifying Bernina marks on them, I cannot say.
Yes, it does.
Fits perfecly
I do not own a Kenmore. I have a Juki. It fits machines that accept snap-on presser feet. The foot works fine.
I do not have a Bernina but it works on my Singer, 2 Brothers and 2 Pfaffs.
Like you, I would assume it would fit, but it isn't listed for your machine. It looks like the Brother SA-128 foot that fits my Brother CS-6000i and other manuals should show how to use it, so if you're feeling adventurous you might give it a try. If you do, be sure to check the needle clearance with power off before trying to sew with it.
6 mm
Yes
Probably. In my experience all snap on feet fit all machines that have that feature.
Shipping by First Class can vary. Usually takes about 5 business days.
I have not yet received my order. But it is suppose to fit all machines with a standard clip on foot holder
Like most materials you could apply to protect that shine, this product will reduce the shine a small amount. It will protect the copper but probably prevent tarnishing for only a short time. This wax is very hard and quite durable but probably not the answer to preserving the brightness of your sink. You may try it and if it doesn'r work, mineral spirits will wash the wax away. A more durable solution might be to spray the polished shiny copper with a clear gloss lacquer (I believe there is a product called StayBrite in a spray can) designed for metal surfaces. Once again it will diminish the shine slightly but it will prevent further tarnishing for a very long time (if not forever).
I found this... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microcrystalline_wax
I would use a cleaning product first Ex. Navel or Alunimun Jelly, then apply then Renaissance wax after to protect it. What ever cleaning method you use make sure to try it on a scrap piece of metal of the same make up so you do not ruin what you are trying to clean and preserve.
I have used it primarily on gun stocks and barrels as a protector for dust and fingerprints, If I understand your question correctly, Its not designed for that kind of usage. don
There is no better way that I can think of. This stuff works.
I have with no ill effects. It will not give you the shine that you can get from painting on a liquid finish though.
I cannot answer your question as an expert, but will attempt to do so with my own common sense. The Renaissance Wax does not build up a heavy coat on the surfaces it is used on. You hardly know its there. That is one of the biggest reasons I like the product so much. It coats,polishes and protects without a heavy sticky build up. As your purpose is to use it outside the fireplace, it will not be exposed to direct flame. There will be heat, although I do not know to what extent. The best people to contact regarding this, will be a company which specializes in fireplace sales and maintenance. Is there a store in your vicinity which sells Fireplaces, tools, patio grills/furniture ETC? I would not, for example, use the Renaissance Wax on my stainless steel outdoor grill for example... The experts would have an appropriate product selection from which to make a better, more informed recommendation.
I keep this in my garage where I work, and never had a problem with it getting 'melty'. And with the doors all closed up, it gets mighty hot. Not to say you can't, but I personally don't see the need to keep in fridge. As soon as you put it on your project, it instantly hardens. This is one great product, and the small container will last you forever!
To the best of my knowledge, Renaissance Wax is used primarily to provide a protective coating to something that is already clean, and that one wishes to preserve. So I don't think this would be a good product for cleaning bisque porcelain. Particularly in the case of a bisque doll, I would recommend consulting an expert on bisque porcelain, and if possible, one familiar with the care and restoration of bisque dolls. You might try looking for an online forum of doll collectors, and they would almost certainly be able to recommend a highly qualified expert (or more than one). I'm a watch collector myself, and a couple of the forums I'm a member of have "their own" resident experts who can do wonders to restore old, "dead" watches. Many time these experts are also very generous with their advice, and will never steer you wrong. Search for "antique doll forum", and I'm sure you'll get a few million hits - I'll bet at least one of those will be able to help you.
Lots! Only apply small amount to cover &I polish off a couple of times to give a nice satin glow!
I've stored the product for years. It come in two separate containers so when you are ready to use it just mix equal parts together.
each container is 8 oz. so both together would be one pound, it is great stuff by the way.
well, Ive never used it for permanent outdoor projects, but my guess is that it would hold up. It cures to be as hard as resin, much tougher than a polymer clay.
Yes and no, because the working time is only a few hours of being really soft before gradually hardening. Making a large mass difficult. It is easy to sand and carve however. I personally would recommend putting smaller pieces over an armature, of say foil and wire, and blending sections together as you work. That's the way I work with my projects of similar size and this product. This product is amazing to smooth and blend just by using water or rubbing alcohol.
Yes, maybe a shade lighter but very close.
I dont think so Sorry I never tried
I would not recommend using this in the context you are referring for fear it could affect your fish and plants.
i'm not sure what milliput or green stuff you're talking about, but once it's cured it's very sandable. i've carved it with an X-acto as well. i would definitely let it cure overnight before sanding.
If it is a small statue (under 12 inches in height) possibly. If it is larger you can buy patching cement at a big box store like Lowes or at a masonry supply and repair it. Follow the directions carefully because old concrete doesn't "like" new concrete. I always wet the old concrete first. Magic sculpt is better used for restoring wooden, plaster or stone statues. Concrete is too porous.
I've had no problem whether adding MS to Apoxie or cooked Super Sculpey or Sergent Art "Sculpt it!' (which shrinks horribly, so I never use for finishing). I have also used MS on cast resin sculptures of mine that I have modified to have different poses and musculature to make a herd and never had a problem there either.
You may try a heat gun carefully ,to much and it will bubble. I have never had a problem of this kind before. Why it happened is a mystery. If you mixed it well this should have not happened. The one way it may have happened is the parts were not equal,sometimes it may look equal but is not. I like to role to equal ball sizes as close of diameter as possible :-)
Shipping is included in the price.
http://www.magicsculp.com/faq's.htm According to the manufacturers website it is. Once mixed it will even harden and cure underwater.
About 1/2 inch
The head diameter is 3/8ths of an inch (0.375 inches). They should put this in the description.
Yes, you'll need a hand press with dies otherwise the stem will bend sideways.
They will fit no problem
Although of course you can get an image with the clear stamp, these watercolor based markers tend to bead up in places and thus don't give the sharpest image. I wouldn't recommend them for coloring directly on a clear stamp.
No. This is a water based product and so unfortunately, it is susceptible to both fading and water damage. A product called Microglaze, can be used with these to produce a smudge proof "waterproof" finish.
Yes. They are also good for applying ink to your stamps. You can write with the smaller end too. Lay down a layer of ink on your image, then go over it to smooth and blend the colors. These are among my favorites. Hope you will like them too.
These are a flat marker. Hope this helps!
I don't see why not. I have put color on card stock and used clear lacquer. The colors r vibrant. Can u test a small area first? Good luck
I consider them both markers and brush pens because I can use them as markers to color or I can use the blender tip to blend colors like I was using a paintbrush.
Although of course you can get an image with the clear stamp, these watercolor based markers tend to bead up in places and thus don't give the sharpest image. I wouldn't recommend them for coloring directly on a clear stamp.
No. This is a water based product and so unfortunately, it is susceptible to both fading and water damage. A product called Microglaze, can be used with these to produce a smudge proof "waterproof" finish.
Yes. They are also good for applying ink to your stamps. You can write with the smaller end too. Lay down a layer of ink on your image, then go over it to smooth and blend the colors. These are among my favorites. Hope you will like them too.
These are a flat marker. Hope this helps!
I don't see why not. I have put color on card stock and used clear lacquer. The colors r vibrant. Can u test a small area first? Good luck
I consider them both markers and brush pens because I can use them as markers to color or I can use the blender tip to blend colors like I was using a paintbrush.
Although of course you can get an image with the clear stamp, these watercolor based markers tend to bead up in places and thus don't give the sharpest image. I wouldn't recommend them for coloring directly on a clear stamp.
No. This is a water based product and so unfortunately, it is susceptible to both fading and water damage. A product called Microglaze, can be used with these to produce a smudge proof "waterproof" finish.
Yes. They are also good for applying ink to your stamps. You can write with the smaller end too. Lay down a layer of ink on your image, then go over it to smooth and blend the colors. These are among my favorites. Hope you will like them too.
These are a flat marker. Hope this helps!
I don't see why not. I have put color on card stock and used clear lacquer. The colors r vibrant. Can u test a small area first? Good luck
I consider them both markers and brush pens because I can use them as markers to color or I can use the blender tip to blend colors like I was using a paintbrush.
Although of course you can get an image with the clear stamp, these watercolor based markers tend to bead up in places and thus don't give the sharpest image. I wouldn't recommend them for coloring directly on a clear stamp.
No. This is a water based product and so unfortunately, it is susceptible to both fading and water damage. A product called Microglaze, can be used with these to produce a smudge proof "waterproof" finish.
Yes. They are also good for applying ink to your stamps. You can write with the smaller end too. Lay down a layer of ink on your image, then go over it to smooth and blend the colors. These are among my favorites. Hope you will like them too.
These are a flat marker. Hope this helps!
I don't see why not. I have put color on card stock and used clear lacquer. The colors r vibrant. Can u test a small area first? Good luck
I consider them both markers and brush pens because I can use them as markers to color or I can use the blender tip to blend colors like I was using a paintbrush.
They are the same exact machine. The LB-6800 has one other item, and that's the rolling cart. But as for what accessories and capabilities of the two machines, they are exactly the same. About 3 months ago, this one sold for $299 from Amazon, and that made the LB-6800 a lot more expensive especially if you were paying for the cart. Now, this one is only $20 different. It's up to you whether or not you want and intend to use the rolling cart (because this one only comes with a rip-stop nylon dust cover). I never intended to take my machine anywhere but my sewing table, so I opted not to buy the LB6800. Again, it's your decision, but the machine itself, is wonderful a little workhorse, plus the fun of entry level embroidery.
We ended up getting an additional 9 inch hoop for long names. You can do it with a four inch, but moving the material and getting it exact is quite tedious. The 9 inch allows just movement of the hoop placement.
Organ needles are what are installed in the machine when you bought it. There are many sizes and both sharps and ball-point needles. Use the size by what material you are using. For machine embroidery, I use the 75/11 embroidery needles by Organ. These have a longer eye, and help to not shred the thread, which commonly makes the thread break. You can use other needles, but these seem to work the best for me.
Yes! I am using mine with a MacBook Pro. All you have to do is hook it up with the USB, then copy and paste your files to the NO NAME drive listed in Finder. I say copy and paste because if you move the files and leave them on the drive, they will disappear once you unhook the USB. I've completed about 30 patterns from Urban Threads with no problem. Happy embroidering :)
I've bought a bunch of fonts and patterns from the internet and downloaded them to a Brother folder (broken into other folders like alphabets, kids, animals, flowers, etc.) on my laptop. Once I'm done downloading, I always make a back up copy by copying the folder to a flash drive (which I labeled brother with white out). As long as you realize you want to buy something for your specific machine or size (i.e., my Brother SE400 will only make up to 4x4 patterns) you can get anything you want out there. FYI, in case you haven't seen them -- on the Brother site, they have free downloads every month. I've downloaded flowers, appliques, etc. for my machine. I hope this helps. K
HI Judy! Turn your machine on. The LCD Screen will show an icon that looks like a page. second column, 3rd down. Press that icon, and then the &gt; key. You'll see 3 options, Buzzer, Initial position, and English. &lt;&gt; The English is what changes the format from inches to metric. Hope this helps. Judy, if you are on Face Book, we have a wonderful group of SE400 owners. We exchange successes and failures, questions and answers. Also we exchange costs of items accessible for purchase on Amazon.
Hmm, I'm not really sure there are only 5 built in fonts; 3 almost look identical to me :/ one is bubble letters (where it just outlines the letters and leaves the center blank) and the last one (basically the only one I use) is kind of fancier like script, I would say, not cursive b/c the letters are not naturally connected together. Overall I'm disappointed with the built in designs and fonts...they definitely need updating!!!!!!!!! Be prepared to basically buy your designs, luckily you can get a ton online at different sites (like etsy) for as little as $1-4 depending on the design :)
yes, I googled "downloading embroidery files from MAC to Brother SE400" and found a very complete instruction.
I had to take mine to an authorized repair shop while it was under warranty. Took 3 months to get it back cuz parts had to be ordered from Japan. I have 2 Brother embroidery machines and would not recommend them to anyone. Not sure about the 25 year warranty. It's not working again; had to pay last time. Sorry
I got this answer through google. Maybe it will work for you: Best Answer - Chosen by Voters Unthread the machine, top and bottom. Place a sheet of paper under the presser foot, lower the foot, and "sew". Does the needle move? If not, check that the bobbin winder is off. Does the paper move? If not, check the stitch length is set to something reasonable (like 3 mm instead of 0 or 0.5mm), and that the feed dogs are raised (check the manual for the section on raising or lowering the feed dogs or free motion embroidery or free motion quilting) Still no luck? Pull the needleplate and do a good cleaning (vacuum and brush only, please -- compressed air just forces the lint in further) especially around the feed dogs and in the bobbin case area. Lubricate if the manual directs. Works on paper, doesn't work when you thread up? Are you starting the seam correctly, and making sure you hang on to the thread ends for the first couple of stitches? Here are some stitching issues caused by not threading correctly and/or not starting the seam correctly: http://www.picturetrail.com/sfx/album/vi... Notice that the last pair of photos illustrates a jam that was so bad it brought my machine to a halt -- caused by incorrect seam starting and poor threading. (pictures are in pairs... blue thread on top, red thread in the bobbin.) If you still can't get it to work, it's probably repair shop time... it's probably going to need parts or more adjustment than you can do, or you've missed a spot in extracting jammed thread bits. Over the years I've seen two machines that were really unable to transport fabrics... one had a broken linkage to the feed dogs, and the other had fractured a feed dog (and I'm still not sure how that happened!) Source(s): 50 years of sewing 3 years ago
I had a super cheap Singer when I first started dabbling in sewing over a year ago. I enjoyed doing little craft projects but had never taken a lesson. My Singer would constantly lock up, unthread itself, just overall bad. When I decided to start taking lessons I researched a little about machines - I wanted one that would last, that would run smoothly and one that my sewing class instructors recommended. This was on the list as a nice entry to mid level machine. They also recommended the magnolia, which would have probably been enough for me. I sew a lot in the winter, working on mostly purses, bags, cosmetic bags, etc. Occasionally I try some other projects. I really like the machine - it has given me no trouble and I would definitely recommend it. It you don't plan to sew often, I would look into the Janome Magnolia.
I agree with the other answer, check for lint under the black bobin casing. You will need to unscrew your throat plate. Also, if it is too tight on the bottom try loosening the top. If it is too loose on the bottom try tightening the top. Most tension problems can be fixed on top. Most of the time the bobbin tension is the last place to adjust. My students sometimes will have tension problems if they have the thread caught incorrectly in the first catch of the threading before step 1 of the threading process. Try that first. 90 percent of tension problems are fixed by changing the upper thread tension and by re threading.
Yes there is, just Google dc3050 extension table I got mine from an amazon seller Kens sewing and vac
Yes! the Janome DC 3050 has 50 different stitches. I have done an overcast stitch with my standard foot. I love it.
The opening between needle and machine is approximately 6.5"
Yes, according to the Janome website the Circular Sewing Attachment #200024109 will fit the following machines: MC11000, 6300P, HD3000, DC1018, Magnolia 7330, Magnolia 7360, DC2013, DC5100, 4120QDC, 8077, 49018, 49360, DC2012, DC2014, DC3050, DC4030P, JW7630, DC2015
Yes, it does. I've loved this machine!
There is a floor pedal..
Yes
Absolutely. Just make sure you use a heavy duty needle for Jeans.
It depends on a couple of things. First, how strong is your interest in sewing? This may sound stupid, but if you are not sure you are going to enjoy the art of sewing I would buy the least expensive thing possible that will still yield good results. That is what I did. The Sewist 500 fit the bill perfectly for me to learn how to sew. It is basic and mechanical, so it is virtually indestructible for novice sewers. However, after about a year, I realized the machine was not going to meet my needs for the long term. At that point, I began investigating alternatives and purchased a mid-arm Juki that is specifically for quilting. I love it. It does exactly what I need it to do and does it beautifully. So, the second part for you to consider is what is your sewing interest and how accomplished are you? If you are a novice and are uncertain, then stick with the Sewist. It is very much a generalist machine. Does it have 30 different stitches? No. Do you need 30 different stitches? Not unless you plan to do embroidery. If that is your plan, you may find you outgrow the 8077 pretty quickly, too. If you already have an interest established, look for the machine that best sets you up to follow that passion. I also highly recommend going to fabric stores etc to test machines. Don't just read about them online and then buy. Seriously, each one has a different personality. Find the one that fits you.
Electricity powers the machine. Mechanics are the movement the machine making it function.
Actually, no it does not have that feature, BUT it has sewed many long hours, and I absolutely love the ease of the machine. It is really durable and does very well for a straight forward basic machine with a few nice decorative stitches. It is an excellent machine for the money. Thanks.
The machines allows you to have the thread spool horizontally as shown in the advertisement, but also plugging in an included accessory you can have it vertically too. I actually use the vertical position to spin my bobbin.
No. But heavy plastic. Have been using it almost daily for about 2 years.
Foot pedal
I never weighed it but it's around 15lbs.
It comes with a standard set of feet, including blind hemming, over edge, walking, zipper, button, and standard presser foot.
Actually it does. It's right there in the description - "Automatic 1-step buttonhole"
I'm in the process of doing research on this machine and it seems like it does have a 1-step button hole feature. See this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv6u9Yu12vg
Look for something that is for kids.This is more for 15 to adult.But there are a lot of kids kits that a 6 year old will love!
Hello, That's a great question. It is 4-5/8" x 3-7/16" closed. I hope this helps but please feel free to message back. Thank you, Bruce
open it is 3.75" x 9.5"
No, it's white. Must just be the picture in this instance.
It's a bit more shiny than my Viking range but I consider that more of a brushed look. It's shininess is not at all tacky or too much. Almost has a more polished nickel feel. We are very happy with ours.
I love it. The second hand moves continuously - some might be unsettled by that. But I think its a nice, classy clock.
Plugged in
I used it for a small opening as well. The screw used to keep it in place was a little snug but the ceramic flakes off as you turn it. It will work. Good luck!!
I believe it is a slender but long buld. Prob about an inch in diameter and 6 inches long. Much like a fish tank bulb
Yes.
It depends on the size of the hole in the base. This is a kit that fit a small hole and is what I think you need. If it has a large (close to an inch, you need the kit that has the kind that has a clip in bulb. As for the star, I think that will be hard. It depends on the size of the hole but many will be too big. You will probably need to take the tree to a store such as Michael's.
not extra bright but very soothing..I just plug in and did not use brace...I use it on a ceramic tree and plug I pull out in back and nothing else
Yes. This is a long tubular bulb approximately 6 inches and would work with your size tree. It has a fat base like regular sizeightbulbs. You do know that it has to be mounted on the base part of your tree and will not sit upright by itself.I
This has to be assembled. The wire will connect the plug to the brace. Yes, the long bulb is included, it is in the white "sleeve" in the picture.
Yes it is an upright bulb and works well for creramic trees. Be sure and check what size hole in the base. Some have large and need one kind of attachment and some have small holes. Both are easy to mount but you need the correct one!
The kit I purchased had the tall thin bulb and the cord is about 6'
The one stars this product is a joke do not buy walmart has it for cheeper if u want to try it but it sucks trust me
Barbara....I have used a regular sewing achine for years, and I would not recommend anyone to purchase this contraption,..difficult to use, and broke after several attempts....a good idea that failed.
Sorry, haven't tries yet but have used to mend and make large pillows. Maybe i am uncoordinated but I find it challenging to hold the machine and keep the fabric straight--takes practice!
I just wanted it to sew seams. It would not hold a seam. I had to hand stitch the whole project. Defective? Maybe.. But it came with a needle treader and instructions on how to end the seam. Not user friendly, I would not recommend it for anything even bags.
Yes
No. I did not like the stitch sew Quick at all.
You release the bobbin nut by, pulling the RED NOB out, that holds the threaded bobbin (be careful not to discard or lose the spring attached) then just release bobbin off machine.
DC 6V 800mA is what it says on the side of the device that it needs,.. Ive personal never used it on my current one. My friend who had used this when it came our ten years ago had the cord and used it all the time. The machine would get hot if you used it for to long. So keep this in mine. (We are talking like a hours at a time.) I just use this for 15 or 30 minute uses with a battery though.
I would say jeans are a little too thick to handle for this device.
I don't know
I hope this helps you. I ordered these 'bulbs' for a ceramic christmas tree. I ordered from the picture which clearly showed little bulbs with a 'stem' that you would insert into the ceramic tree. Exactly what I wanted. What I received was a totally different item. What I received was a package of gold colored beads that you would use to make a bracelet or necklace. I sent them back and ordered again thinking that a mixup occurred during the shipping. Sorry to say that I received the same exact item the second time, gold beads for a necklace or bracelet. Sent the second package back. If you are looking for bulbs for a ceramic Christmas tree, these are not it! Good Luck
My friend has the large tree and they fit perfect. They should be the ones that will fit your tree. Good luck.
Hi Diane, You are correct it is not a valid description. Corrections will be made for Valucrafts
I would not know. I was sent the wrong item by the seller.
It includes the stem also
Yes, you can put the patch inside the torn jeans to keep the hole looked from outside. Make sure that you iron from inside of the jeans on the patch.
You could but it would not look good...different color, texture, etc... the patch is a rough cotton material.
Not sure. I don't sew. This has a backing that is quite thick (side that adheres to fabric with heat) and I'm not sure how easy it would be to work with.
Where is the rip? In an obvious location? You could use this patch but I think it would be obvious depending on the location of the rip. I used it to patch a hole in the knee of my son's school uniform sweatpants. I put it on the outside. It has endured lots of "playtime" and washings, so once it's on - I don't think you can peel it off. It's stuck on there pretty darn good.
Yes they are but just a bit lighter.
Yes. They are already small mind you. They can be cut if need be
No
If the patch will be seen through the hole (e.g. because you can see through it), then maybe you care about the color. If you are only using the patch to reinforce a weak spot, then probably not.
Hi I'm not sure what a bottom down shirt is, but it worked for me on the knees of my baby's pants when he wore holes in them from crawling. They're a little stiff at first but soften nicely after a couple of washes. So it should work for the elbow area. Also, there's no reason you can't cut the patch to fit whatever size you need before ironing it on.
It could patch the tear. But it would look pretty obvious.
They are extremely small. They are no your normal size clothes pin. They area around an inch height and quarter inch in width.
They're 1"tall. Minis is what I'd call them. I bought them to string banners and they're perfect for this. Don't know what you want to use them for, however they're great for just "tacking things"
Look like they are an inch or possibly just a lil smaller. Not good quality though.
These are too small. They're about an inch tall, so I don't think they'd hold garland.
They are 1 inch tip to tip
I don't know the answer to your specific situation, I can tell you that when tried to stick my it was difficult and looked BAD! I would not use product again.
I wouldn't. It's intended for interior use.
I use windex --but spray it on the paper towel instead of right on the window just to be safe. Cleans well and have not had problems with the lines moving if you have them firmly pressed in place to begin with.
I am sorry we do not sell real glass or scraps. Thank you! Good luck!
It is very flexible.
I have never tried. Judging by what I have, I don't think I would try it.
Nope. It doesn't do a thing to the windows. Mine have been in place for a couple of years, but I can still reposition the leading if I need to with no issues. I'd avoid repositioning however, only because it loses a bit of its adhesion. But the windows will be fine.
It is sticky when applied to glass---It does not have an adhesive on it, but the plastic definitely stays on the glass when you apply the design. It does peel off if you happen to miss-place it on the glass. Mine has been up since January and looks just like it did when applied.
9 inches. I have rolled up full size quilts on my frame with it so far without an issue. Will be trying queen size soon. And I used it sit-down with no frame (just bunched up), and I could do custom quilting (feathers and stencils) on a queen size.
Yes, there are many feet, including a walking foot. If you want a 1/4 foot with an "edge" on it, you would have to purchase one from the sewing outlet.com ($15.99). I like to sew with the edged 1/4 inch foot. Otherwise, there are many presser feet, including the free motion foot. You can drop the feed dogs to free motion. This is a great quilting machine and has excellent "pin feed," which moves the fabric through like butter. First time threading took longer for me, but after that it was free sailing. If you want to make quilts faster like I do, this is a great machine. I used to quilt with my Bernina, but I like the Brother better. It is more affordable and well made. You should also know that if you use thicker threads (I always use 100% cotton from ConnectingThreads.com), that you will need an 80/12 needle instead of the smaller ones due to the way the machine's tension is set up. Hope this helps, Vivian from Wisconsin
It measures 8 3/4 inches from needle to right side of machine. It is 6 1/2 inches high from base to top of opening.
No - this machine does not have a stitch regulator. I know there is a Bernina machine that does - but it doesn't have the larger opening for quilting. Oh, and it is also probably 10 times the price.
Either you are not threading your machine correctly , your bobbin is not threaded correctly or you may need to adjust the tension on the machine. Don't adjust it a lot at one time. Just a little at a time. You may need to play around with it. Have patience.
If this will be your only sewing machine, I wouldn't recommend it for dressmaking, as it only does straight stitch. Therefore you cannot do buttonholes, blind hemstitch, overcasting,etc. I would definitely use it for home dec purposes like draperies and slipcovers because of the larger size and higher speed.
You have to learn to control the speed with your foot. There is no regulator.
I love it for quilting. The tension is good and no skipped stitches at my house.
It comes with a table that attaches to it increasing your workspace.
Yes, they are threaded. An attachment with screws was included. The book say it is a fabric separator used for joining lining to fabric. The third hole that is there is for oil.
Yes, you can. I have done it several times with highly detailed pieces, and they turned out wonderfully! The resin just popped right out with no problem/residue left, so I was able to use the same mold multiple times.
You should be able to. Its pretty sturdy.
No it isnt
The product will hold the shape of whatever it is pressed into it. If you mold it around the shape you want and leave it sit the putty will definitely be useable for plaster casting. Though I am not sure how it will come out of said mold because I've never used it for the purpose. I hope this helps. This is the best mold putty I have found.
Probably, but you will need to work quickly. Once it is mixed you only have a few minutes until it sets.
according to the instructions that came with the kit you can use them to bake up to 400F. To heat cure them you can bake at 350F for 30 min. If used for food use only for food. needs to cure for at least 25 minutes before use. It comes with detailed instructions. :)
I used it to make chocolate molds
Not sure what you are asking. Whatever you used to make the mold in the first place IS the reverse mold. This product is designed pour resin into the mold to reproduce items multiple times if necessary.
Yes. I make two part moulds out of them all the time. As long as you know what your doing with the mold and the 'key' you'll be right. It's quite flexible when set. I use it to cast liquid plastic ( type of resin) slot cars
Perhaps, but it would be thin and may not produce the best form/mold. But if you made a hybrid mold with plaster and then the silicone for the detail sure.
I have not used mine yet, but from the you tube videos I have seen, I would say yes. There are some great ones showing people using this on different products on you tube. Just put the name in search bar and they should show up with a list to watch. Also some of them show you some ways to determine how much of the product you'd need to mix.
No. The silicone material has a higher density than water and so a molding the shape of a shoe sole would not float. You could mold a shoe and that would float - just like a boat will float.
I made a mold of my finger and it worked great and captured all the details. I don't see there being any problem with thin plastic.
Yes the box states that it is.
The Easy Mold Silicone Rubber can be used to make molds out of non-hardening moldeing clays as lon as the clay is sulfur-free. This is a two-component rubber which does not require a separate hardener. The Castin' Craft Mold Release can be found as item B000XAWQJU. Blick Art Materials does ship to Puerto Rico.
Yes, it cures and doesn't dry. Just mix it one to one, which is the whole of both bottles in the case, and it will be fine. Just cover the top of the base with a napkin to keep the dust out.whole it cures .
Hi James: My experience is that direct sunlight does NOT change the color. However, I should say that long exposure to the very hot sun tends to make the resin pliable -- not gooey. But it re-hardens as soon as cool. Hope this helps. Bear in mind that I live in Tucson....the June sun is most direct & HOT.
I haven't tried glass. I worry it may not adhere to glass.
I sanded and polished the earrings i made from it. I would say just make sure you give it ample time to cure and harden before sanding and use at least 600 grit paper. Anything more rough will cut into it pretty fast.
Yes it will. I have done some steampunk jewelry doing just that and it worked out well. Be sure there is no oil on the bowl of the spoon. wipe it down with acetate. KEN...
I personally would not know how to do that. Are you using some kind of mold?
Gee...I've never tried it before....good luck!
It would handle hot wax just fine.
Yes. It is fairly flexible yet strong. No problem to twist/bend so whatever you make a mold of is easier to pop out.
You can use a small portion at a time, that's what I do.
Hi Brooke, first off I'm sure you could make the beads with no problem, and they would definitely be soft enough for teething, however I'm not sure about the possible toxicity of the chemicals involved in producing these silicone compounds. The only warning I can find specifically says "Caution: Do not eat. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF SMALL CHILDREN. Adult supervision recommended. Ingredients may CAUSE EYE IRRITATION, SKIN REDNESS AND SENSITIZATION. If skin redness develops discontinue use and wash the affected area with soap and water. If material gets into eyes, wash with plenty of water." So that's the only warning I see on or in the box. Bottom line, I wouldn't suggest anyone put this stuff in their mouth. Best bet would be to purchase some hypoallergenic product or a similar product that is designed spcifically to be able to be inside your mouth safely without releasing any chemicals :). Good Luck!
Well depending how fine the lace is, I would probably secure it to a cardboard surface, and press the mold material onto the lace. After it cures, you should be able to fill it over and peel off the lace for your lace relief mold. (suggestion is to try it on some non precious lace, to see if it works for you. Also depends on how large of a mold you are making) personally, I really like using this mold material for clay, polymer, PMC, & paper pulp! Have fun with your design! Cheers
Yes. Indeed. Perfect for resin.
I just bought mold by Wilton and I use them on my clay too. They feel a like Environmental technology mold making product. I was so happy when I found this mold maker product and make my life so much easy. You have a great Day. carol Ritter
No, definitely not. It isnt that type of medium. Additionally, those really need to be made by professionals. I would not reccommend putting anything in your ear as a DIY hearing aid mold.
no..
Yes that will definitely work for that size of an object. Make sure there is enough surface exposed to desperate the mold from the object once it dries.
There are 30 pages in the book, the description counts the front/back of the page as two pages.
Yes, I believe it does. The paper is sturdy. Have you ever looked at Geninne's Art Blog? She used these journals for her calendar and I originally bought one after reading her blog. This is one of my favorite journals specifically because of the quality of the paper and the binding.
I would say there is a very, very subtle texture to the paper.
The packaging says that the paper is "60 pages of soft white, acid-free, 200 gsm (95 lb) watercolor paper with a pleasing cold-press finish." I have used it for watercolor, and it's great.
It's 58 inches wide
Yes, it will all be one continuous piece.
You will recieve One piece of fabric 6 yards in length unless so specify otherwise when you order. Hope this helps
NO its not thick, it is like satin..
I used it as back drop for a photo shoot and still am since purchasing it. I do feel it's durable enough for that. It's light enough not to weigh someone down but I would suggest wearing something underneath.
I do not think this would work for you. I used it as a pattern overlay and it suited that purpose . It is durable but I think it would be very hard to work with...and it is probably not acid-free, which is recommended for fabric storage. I hope this helps.
I can't recall, but the Amazon site says the width is 54 inches.
I personally think 20 gauge vinyl is too thick and I don't think you can fuse it directly to fabric. The 20 gauge vinyl is as thick as a heavy duty plastic table cloth and that you can wipe off, not put in a washing machine.
It's sold off the roll, by the yard; so lineal. If you are using this for a marine application, may I suggest you go with 30 gauge? I used this on my boat, and while it is certainly more than heavy enough, it is NOT the same thickness as what I originally had on my boat. I compared it with others people's boats, and it's all just a bit heavier than this. The lighter gauge does have its advantages: In colder weather, it will stretch easier when you have to snap side-glass into place. Hope this helps.
I am unaware of the use of lead in PVC products. . .
Hello, I used this product for indoor where there is not much sunlight. I am sorry that I cannot provide you informative detail.
I think it would work, but I don't sew.
vinyl when used in such things as pool liners or toys is gauged in a directly proportional system, the higher the gauge the thicker the material. So 20 gauge should be thicker than 10. This is different from the standards used in things like sheet metal or wire. The "gauge" unit is not used consistently across all industry and makes for much confusion. To obtain thickness in mm, divide vinyl gauge by 40.
It's more of a faded blue with white mixed in on the back.
can't tell you how thick but worked great on my honda dirt bike. i abuse it a lot and so far so good.
I used it for a custom motorcycle seat. It is a very thick, heavy grade vinyl, so I would say it should work fine for marine application.
About 1/8 in thick or a little under.
continuous bolt. That'w the way i have received all materials that I have ordered.
Hello this fabric is 54" by 36"
Its got a mesh on it, the material is great
Tyler, its 54" x 36". At least, that's what they sent me. Its pretty strong and looks good. Hope this helps.
Hi Janee, it comes in continuous yards.
It is thick we used it to cover restaurant chairs.
No not very good quality.
It is unclear exactly which product you are referring to. I purchased about a dozen samples of different vinyl materials. All these samples were at least a square yard, and most samples were about 60 inches by 36 inches for the smallest size (1 yard long, and a roll length in width).
If you get the 54" wide roll, 9' is 3 yards for the length of the roll. If you order 3 yds you will get a roll that is 54" wide by 3 yds long. (1 yd = 3 feet.)
Yes, you can, I specifically bought this vinyl for my parents dining room chairs. The vinyl is soft/manageable enought to fold were needed without tearing. I previously bought a vinyl that was too thick that it tore around the corners of the chairs because it was so thick and it couldn't fold as needed. My parents are very happy with the vinyl and their chairs definitely get a lot of wear and tear with our weekly family dinners on Sunday. Oh by the way....We have a big family. =) I hope this was helpful.
Hello, The thicker gauge is 60. I used the 20 gauge to cover my dining room chairs and it worked perfectly. The 20 is very sturdy but flexible enough to work with. Good luck!
No, it does not smell.
Yes, as long as the book case is less than 54" wide and you get enough yards to cover the height. It is crystal clear, so you will be able to see everything. However, it is rather glossy or reflective under bright light, so depending on your lighting setup there might be a slight glare.
you can probably use a staple gun?
I dont know of any other way to apply the vinyl to furniture besides with a staple gun. As long as the staples are going on the underside of the furniture it will not be damaged.
This should work. It's not too thick. I used it to cover Dining chairs seats (Upholstery).
The piece is 54" wide (that's 4.5') and its sold by the yard (which is 3ft) so I would think you would have to buy 3 pieces.
No it's very flexible and bendable but it does not stretch.
It was hooked up to a computer. If you are going to use this cutter a lot, don't buy this one. It only lasts about 90 days or less with minimal use. I had to replace my first one and the second one also failed but the company would do nothing to help me with that one, stating it was not under warrantee. I would not recommend purchasing this model.
Yeah!, Corel Draw and Illustrator, it has plugins to install.
hmm.. not sure as I don't use it for rhinestones, however there are basic shapes in the cutting software you can use and make whatever size you want. I use one of the shapes to cut out a template for glassware. I have the shape and then import my graphic and place inside the template so I know exactly where it's going to be placed on the glass. This ensures that I am consistent with my graphics on glasses. Hope that helps a bit Julius. US Cutter's site has a ton of helpful info and videos too. You may be able to find what you need on their site or email them directly. It's a great cutter for the price and the cutting software is great once you learn how to use it :)
This software, mine is SAL 3, can work with nearly any file format using the trace function. In my opinion it's the best standard cutting software I have used.
I've cut fingernail decals as small as .3" and it cuts great!
It has pinch rollers so you can use sheets and rolls. I have cut decals on scrap vinyl sheets as small as 7"W x 8"L.
No, you will require a machine with laser recognition. Look for the USCutter LaserPoint II machine.
Just about any sign supplier stocks and sells stencil stock in squares or in a roll by the yard. they sell different thicknesses for different applications. such as from sandblasting stencil film or as glass etching film. I usually cut stencil from card stock from ur local walmart. ur knife blade should be new as ur cutting paper and the life of the knife blade only last about fifty cuts or less as paper is tougher than vinyl. I cut stecil for airbrushing small jobs. poster board works also as well but last around twenty cuts. preasure of the knife blade is usually set at 600 for card stock and 650 for posterboard. if you are cutting small designs taping the back of the card stock or posterboard is recomended as small pieces cut will fall out and jam your blade. cutting speed should be set on high. hope this helps.
La medida de la caja es 42 x 94 x 33 cm espero te sirva.
16, 5 inches tall, 37 inches long and 13 inches wide.https://m.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1634566010102735&id=1611588942400442&set=pb.1611588942400442.-2207520000.1404263970.&source=54
yes, it will work, i have it with that program too
No it has to be used with sing cut, it doesn't work with Corel or word, at least mine.
Cut only
Yes u can cut any viny . I use ours for both signs and tees. Biggest thing I can tell u is if you are going to just do small signs and tees I would just do a 24 or smaller cutter. The 30 is big
no, lo debes activar con el serial que trae el cd
It sure does. Anything longer than 4 feet or so will cause the machine to reset halfway through. The feeder wheels also don't have enough power to pull vinyl off a roll, I have to unroll it first and let hang down behind the machine. Beware, it's cheap for reason.
Don't know much for shadows. It will flip images horizontally and vertically easily.
Yes. I had no problems. I use xp and windows 7
As neat as i can tell, the cutter needs their proprietary software to work. I am able to port my work in from Correll draw but it doesn't come out exactly accurate from there.
Yes, there are two bars on the back that you can put the rolls on.
Perpendicular
Yes .We send
This is a heavy weight fabric. I made table runners out of it. I do not know if it is water resistant.
They run up and down.
I am using it as part of a costume and have washed it several times in the last year. It has held up quite well with a minimum of color fading.
Are you making a garment out of the suede and then doing the embroidery? The fabric is soft and has a nap. If you can email me at keelysgrma@q.com and give me your address I can mail you a sample of the fabric so you can try the bead work on it before you buy the fabric. I am not home right now and will be home Mon eve. I can do it at that time. Karen O'Keefe
Hi, you can buy as much yards you want continuously. I bought 11 yds. It came in a roll.
I've only used it on smaller projects that haven't gotten a lot of sun exposure but it hasn't faded and I like the quality. I'd buy it again.
it could fray I suppose it's like a cloth version of leather. It's actually very cool stuff but it's hard to call it leather or even leatherette
It is a stiff fabric that is not soft on the front of the fabric to the touch. I would not use it for this. If you want something that will hold up to heavy wear & tear this would be fine. If you want something that has a medium weight with a soft feel, fabric.com has some beautiful suedes.
Hi Samantha, its pretty thin, definitely thin enough for moccasins.
No. This is polyester cloth with "suede" on top. Alcantara is just lighter weight /nicer suede. This is the exact opposite. Very clearly fake.
It is pretty sturdy fabric, I guess you make bigger soles as they grow.I don't have kids so I am not sure what walkers are.
The full 11 yds I bought came in a roll. Your 2 yds may be folded.
Sorry to say this yarn Isnot bulky,it's more of worsted weight, but is a great yarn to work with and felts really nice , I have used many times an always great yarn .
Definitely not. You can consider it worsted weight and the cable knit pattern that I got free from Lion Brand is adorable. I made it for my year old grandson with a bright button and it was perfect.
I paid that much for one skein
The label says 227 gms, 425 meters per skein
it's spun in China. I believe the only wool spinneries left in the US are small, niche ones like Green Mountain. Cotton mfg. is coming back to the Carolinas though! I've swatched but not yet torture-tested this yarn. Will get back to you on this, but so far seems pretty sturdy.
Yes , it's cheap quality
From my experiences ordering online, it's what's in the description that matters not the picture. So it's always good to practice reading the description and titles of the products before you place your orders. Hope this helps
It's about the same hue.
Not much if any.
It will be n one piece
Yes
yes
You'd have to ask the manufacturer for the thread count, but it's Muslin, so it's low.
I guess that depends on what you mean by cambric. I've never heard the term in use by sewers in the US, but to judge from the Wikipedia entry, cambric is a fine cloth, suitable for garments, while muslin is the general term here used for fabric intended for making or draping samples and test garments, and not intended to be pre-washed; i.e., it's throw-away stuff, not for wearing. There's a common issue with UK English, in which the term "calico" is apparently what US sewers/merchants call muslin...but I've never heard "cambric" outside of folk songs:). This particular muslin (assuming it's the still the same as the stuff I bought from this page recently) is a little heavier/stiffer, or more heavily sized, than usual muslins, but otherwise the same: off-white, coarse weave, not for wearing or washing. The sizing can build up on your iron if you press this heavily while damp. HTH!
don't know
it reminds me of raw fabric before coloring. It is not pure white like a white sheet. I used it to cure a fruit cake so I wanted no color in the fabric.
I don't know where it is made. Amazon should be able to tell you. Chemicals?? The fabric was rather stiff and we washed a few times before cutting up. It was absorbent enough but not as much as I expected. I used to used some sort of gauze cloth. 50 years ago.
I made a caftan out of it, and it's perfectly fine. I love the weight of it, and I would think it would be ok.
Hi there, this is quilting fabric. It might be better to find some high thread count sheets. That would keep the fibers in... Not sure this would. Hope this helps.
I only see white chiffon... Maybe its your computer
Hi, I am a photographer. I would say if you were going for the traditional store bought soft box, it is too thin and shear. You would need to double layer it, or possibly triple layer. Probably not a fit for you. Also, it is not as stiff as the standard one photographer use. More flawy and shear. You would probably see the bulbs through the material. If your bulbs are not that bright, then MAYBE it would work, because it would allow the light to shine through. Let me know if you have more questions.
I always buy 2 yards at a time and it comes as 1 piece.
I severely doubt it, its synthetic so itll probably melt. Its a smaller thread size than regular chiffon drapery so probably best NOT to have it near flame or electrical:)
It would need hemming and would not provide any light barrier. It would be beautiful as a decorative curtain with some hemming. Keep in mind that one edge is finished with a scalloped edge so it is not the same on all four edges.
I got 1-piece that was 3 yards long.
I think this is a good choice of fabric for that. The only thing to be aware of is that chiffon frays easily on the side where it is cut, so you just have to make sure that it doesn't get pulled to much on that side.
Pamela, the chiffon is 108 inches wide, but it is folded on the bolt which is 54 inches wide. If you buy 100 yards, it will be 100 yards long by 54 FOLDED width.
It's pretty white--not cream or ivory. I coverd some chairs with this and they look amazing! It's a soft milky white not a bright white. Hope that helps. :-)
Its pretty pliable and yes it would work for a jacket. I used it to reupholster my chairs.
It is actually quite thin. Regular machine is fine. Definitely not near as thick or heavy duty as leather.
It's 54 inches "tall"... You decide how many yards you want.
No, seemed fine to me.
Yes! please send us your name and address through a message and we'll get your sample mailed the same day. thank you!
The vinyl "faux leather" surface is thin but with the cloth (felt like) backing that makes up this product, at rest, it is nearly 1/16 inch thick. However, when compressed between the fingers, it is definitely less than 1/16 inch. - but at rest, it looks virtually 1/16" thick.
It will be one whole piece!
I can't remember the exact pounds, but you are in the right area! I used it to cover my chairs and it looks great and feels great!!! Love it!!
I just ordered a yard, so I'm not sure. Perhaps ask the seller? Good luck!
I have a 'high shank' Kenmore and it works on my machine; however it would help if your needle can be positioned in increments as it has to go through the plate of the Ruffler plus you must have the snap on feet feature. Would suggest if you have a Janome Dealership close to where you live they will order you one as that is who I got mine from. Just ensure to ask about their refund policy IN CASE it doesn't work with your model. By the way, I purchased mine for the same price listed here and I live in Canada where things are usually far more expensive than that of the U.S.A. Hope this helps.
First of all, ensure that this is the attachment that you need to do the job that you want to do as reading over the comments, many are confused of its actual capabilities. Also be prepared to practise a bit with it but IMHO it does what it claims to do. Secondly, not positive if it will fit your machine but here are some guidelines which helped me when I decided to purchase it for my Kenmore machine: a) Your foot attachments should be the snap on type. b) You have the option of positioning your needle(s) in increments as it must go through the hole of the sewing machine foot plate plus that of the Ruffler Foot itself as both have to be aligned with one another or it will 'not' work. c) Your machine should have a high 'shank'. To determine if it does: remove the snap on ankle (it is designed to hold the snap on foot) by loosening the shank shaft thumb screw, then lower the presser foot in the down position and measure from the BED of the sewing machine to the center of the THUMB SCREW. If it measures 1" (or 1"+) your machine has a high shank. (If it measures l/2" (or less) then your machine has a low shank. You will be hard pressed to find specs on shank lengths in any sewing machine manual ... but this is the general method as to how it is determined by those who carry attachments.) Hope I have helped you. P.S: I purchased mine actually from a Janome dealership and as stated above, it works fine for my computerized Kenmore machine as described.
I really don't know . The box mine came in says Ultimate Ruffler Janome and it fits my machine Janome10000. It fits the snap on tpe. It does not make very big pleats but does ruffle. I am no professional and it does not work very well for me but it gathers also. I think you machine uses the snap on feet.The box says it fits ANY home-use sewing machine. I don't think it will fit a machine that does not have the snap on feet.
Diane D Yes, it will. Buy the ruffler foot, see if it will accomplish what you need before investing in the gathering foot. Thank you,
maybe,but i would buy a better one,this one broke my machine,the repair man said it was to flimey,to but a heavy duty one so i did for the same price.works good.
I believe they are universal. They don't pop in like the other feet, but they work good luck. Ruffles are fun
Not sure what you are asking, but the ruffler has several position to make the pleats longer or shorter. Read the info that comes with it and practice on small scraps to get the feel of it. Is that what you need?
Fabric is 54 inches wide, so a yard would be 54 inches by 36 inches.
No its too thick for sewing
Great for dining room chairs, I think 4 yards just in case you make a mistake in cutting or have to replace the fabric at a later time.
hi thank you for inquiring about our fabrics. this fabric is sold only by yards. ether one or two or three and so on. we welcome your order. Thank you
54"
As with most fabric, it is wider than a yard, in this case about 54 inches. So, if you order one yard, you get a piece 54 inches wide by 36 inches long.
The back is kind of like black felt. It's thin, and stretchy.
If you want 54" x 72", you want 2 yards of fabric. (72"= 6 feet. There are 3' in each yard. ). You are correct then. They do charge shipping based on how many yards you order. My guess is that it's because the more yards you order, the heavier the fabric.
1 piece
Hi, Robert. I ordered 1 yard, so it was 54" wide and 1 yard (36 inches) long or 4.5 feet by 3 feet. If you order 2 yards, it would be 54" wide and 6 ft (72 inches) long OR 4.5 feet by 6 feet.
Yes, very nice and very durable, should work perfect.
I'm not familiar with different sewing machines buuuut it was easily sewable with hands
It comes in one piece. At least to me, but I dont remember if I ordered more than a yard. JC
It has been a while since I ordered the fabric, but I believe I ordered it by the yard. I was preparing to cover my barstool seats so think I ordered about 1 1/2 yds.
Any spray adhesive.
No, this leather does not come with a self adhesive, but I would recommend if machine sewing it to use a teflon roller.
You will have to get adhesive for it.
I would definitely check with the distributor, but I would bet that it is reasonably resistant to water. What is under the fabric is probably more important. Do you want to use this for a boat? My use was for a car, but I have used this type of vinyl for boat uses also. You should be ok if everything else is speced for water. I would also spray with a high quality water proofing which should seal it and add another layer of protection. Good luck...
Any faux leather fabric should be water resistant to a point... but I suggest wrapping the foam in plastic underneath and spraying a layer of water proofer (for tents) on it, if you do use it. That is what I did when I re-covered mine. I did not use this fabric for my cycle but it is pretty nice stuff. I definitely suggest it. Note, it has a distressed leather feel to it rather than a shimmery leather texture.
Yes
I think the price is adjusted in the cart right before purchase. And for the fabric, it comes in one piece.
Didn't measure it yet had plenty to make a cape for my 8 year old daughter.
Yes the material is see through.
Yes it can be used for arches, I don't know exactly how you will use it but many people do use for that purpose. Yes I have 20 yards at this time. Do you need it?
60 inches
the flower is about 1-1/4" wide
I have never tried, but seriously doubt it. I think any felt would get stuck in the punch.
The 100 lb weight was too thick- I got only a partial punch-through even when I leaned on the punch. The lower weight card stock works very well for me (the weight you get in scrapbook paper kits). Very thin paper (like printer paper) scrunches up, but with care you can punch it and carefully ease it out. Hope this helps.
I've had great success on a variety if surfaces including metallic ones--especially with using the more "metallic" colors.
various metallics, which you can also mix for custom matches
No I haven't, but so far everything I've tried it on it stays nicely and makes an great accentor color.
We are not familiar with using Gilder's Paste. This is a specific brand of wax for use on a variety of surfaces including metal and polymer clay. It is a wax in a little canister. The Rub n Buff is a cream in a tube. It can be used to create many of the same effects on the same surfaces. Usage of either product probably comes down to the artist's personal preference.
Hi ... According to the factory: Rub 'n Buff(r) is a wax based metallic finish that is formulated from imported waxes, fine metallic powders and select pigments. This unique blend is ideal for highlighting low relief carvings in glass and similar hard materials. It is also ideal for doing scrimshaw work in bone, horn or artificial ivory. Just rub a small quantity into the carved area and buff off the excess to achieve excellent results.
It worked great on glass, but I tried it on aluminum dog tags and it didn't work. I'd say for the price of a tube, give it a try. If it doesn't work it just wipes right out.
I have not done this myself but it should work fine.
I can't say, for sure, but 2 things would make me think so, enough to test it. 1. I've used it on lots of items that get nominally wet. Played with in the rain, fell in the pool... without any problems. Also, it was developed for use on cars. So, I wouldn't do anything precious and valuable first, but I would certainly try it on a dollar store item and put it through the washer. Once used, rubbing only makes it shinier, it doesn't rub off onto a cloth. I would guess it's safe.
I seal rub n buff. On polymer clay I use a water base sealant. On metal I use a varnish based sealant. Although it does dry it can rub off a smooth surface.
It should work fine.
Hi Heather- I bought these a while ago and put them on a black skirt. I think they were about 3 inches in diameter. I have washed the skirt twice and they are holding up very well. Hope this helps.
Hi, I would say the big ones are about 2 inches the one in middle a little smaller. You get the 3 pictured. I used them to make a disney frozen dress for my daughter for a Disney trip,and we got tons of compliments! Hope that helps.
In some cases yes, and in some cases no. It would entirely depend on whether your fabric could withstand the heat of the application. We always recommend testing fabric first to see if it's damaged by an iron set to 350 degrees.
I think it was 250. I used them at my wedding and had 230 place settings with left overs so that would be my guess.
The listing says 4 inches, however, there are other sizes available as well. I believe that I ordered the 4 inch, and it fit a bread or dessert plate in the center.
No, goes under plate
250
I do not think they look cheap, I have used them also and for the reception at a wedding, weddings are very expensive and these were used at my daughters wedding and they looked very good.
I think they are about 10x10. We use them at church on 8 inch plates and they hang a bit over the edge. They are pretty and a good bargain. Love that it is a large quantity which saves running to the store or reording too often. Only complaint is that the cut-outs leave "snow" on the counter when taking them apart.
I think it was 250. I used them at my wedding and had 230 place settings with left overs so that would be my guess.
The listing says 4 inches, however, there are other sizes available as well. I believe that I ordered the 4 inch, and it fit a bread or dessert plate in the center.
No, goes under plate
250
I think it was 250. I used them at my wedding and had 230 place settings with left overs so that would be my guess.
The listing says 4 inches, however, there are other sizes available as well. I believe that I ordered the 4 inch, and it fit a bread or dessert plate in the center.
No, goes under plate
250
I think it was 250. I used them at my wedding and had 230 place settings with left overs so that would be my guess.
The listing says 4 inches, however, there are other sizes available as well. I believe that I ordered the 4 inch, and it fit a bread or dessert plate in the center.
No, goes under plate
250
The long strap is detachable and very long also.
I know they offer a raspberry, a pink and a periwinkle. The pink one is actually pink and the periwinkle is like a lilac and the raspberry is more red than pink. I hope that helps!
Mine came with the strap unattached inside the bag. It also came with a holder for my crochet needles. LOVE this bag!
Mini iPad yes regular iPad no
It works with skeins and balls, better of course with center-pull. This is the best yarn tool I've ever purchased.
10" is what I came up with as well, and unlike D. Numanfortier, I don't put other supplies in the middle compartment... I have 6 to 8 skeins of yarn standing on edge, depending on the project I'm working on, and while they do hold each other up to a point, they often collapse to the middle or as the skein gets down to the end, it collapses which cause 1 or 2 of the others to fall over, blocking the yarn somewhat... which means I have to stop what I'm doing, stand everything back up and try to form the remainder of the one skein to continue to feed yarn. I've come up with a plan to take a 4" round mailing tube, cut to height for the center. I'll make 8 slits in the bottom about 4" high, and cut cardboard inserts 8" tall, by 6" wide, and put slits in them from the top down to 4" from the bottom. I'll slide one per slit on the tube and when done, I'll have what looks from the top, like a bicycle wheel with spokes going out... effectively giving me 8 compartments to stand the yarn in. the middle can hold my tunisian needles and patterns... Hope this helps.
Yes it does.
No it wouldn't fit.
Hi Nancy, I can't tell you about the pink drum. The periwinkle drum is more toward the purple than the blue. I'd call it lavendar. If you are a member of Ravelry, look up 'Panda Cotton Periwinkle Socks' for a good example. If you're not a member of Ravelry ... Wow! You're missing a great site. Get on over there and join up. Lots of great patterns and groups; no emails or trash.
I use the size 10...they work great!! And if you take care of them, they will last forever!! I clean mine in mineral spirits first then hot soapy water :)
Yes, I use them with the wax after I chalk paint. I've never used them to paint with, just to wax with so can't answer that part of it... Hope this helps!
Yes it is.
Yes it is. I have had good luck with Wooster paint brushes, although I bought and have used my brush to apply Daddy Van's Wax.
ASCP is water based so as soon as I'm finished using it I rinse it out really well in warm water. Every once in a while I use a small drop of dish soap. Rinse and wring then air dry. Haven't used it with the waxes.
Yes. I bought them for my brother Ken at Gracewooddesign, so I have not feedback on quality. I sell smaller natural bristle stencil brushes through MB Historic Decor.
20 pins in a package.
I have only had mine a couple of months but have not had any problems. Hope this helps.
Less than 20.
About 7/8"
Yes
I really don't know. I have a New Home, Brother and Singer. It works on the New Home okay, little noisy tho', Singer is fine. I would probably order and if it doesn't work Amazon is great with returns. Happy sewing to you!!
When I did a Google search of your machine it states it is a low shank. This walking foot is for a low shank.
If it has a low shank and you use a screw to fasten the foot, yes, it will work.
Anna, if the Video J. Jackson referred you to is not enough, repost your question and I'll type the instructions from the card from the one I bought.
If your machine has a low shank, and the foot is attached with a screw, it should work.
It depends on the shank. This is for a low shank machine. I looked up your machine and is says it is a low shank.
No. You will need a Bernina Walking foot.
I am using this on a 40 year old Kenmore, and it's perfect! If your machine has a low shank, and the sewing foot attaches with a screw, it will work.
If your machine is a low shank...it should fit.
The thickness measurement provided by the seller is 1/16 inch, and this is approximately accurate. If you Google ** 1/16 inch mm ** you find that 1/16 inch = 1.5875 mm. (.15875 cm).
Instead of just a "no", I will go a little more in-depth. While water does bead after contacting the foam, it tends to absorb a fraction of it leaving the surface moist but not soaking. It shows that water, while mostly being deflected, will soak through the foam. Possibly damaging any glue behind it.
We have not tested the fun foam for this use. Fun foam is not as stiff as cardstock and it is thicker. It is a craft foam and we do not see any reason why you could not use it.
Yes but will be less bendable once the paint is dry
I'm sorry, I don't have a Cricut..
Easily!
You could pierce it with a flower but is too flimsy to hold much weight and will tear easily
No
it is somewhat soft, if it is a small piece or if you curve it, it will stand up. For example, it works really well for fake ear cartilage - I used it for some lamb ears. small pieces will stand up but large will not.
Yes
Yes you can
I got the cricut cake for my birthday and I have been able to use it for both. I bought a separate mat and a deep blade housing and blades. You have to play around with the settings depending on the thickness of your paper and what not but I was happy with the way it cut fondant and paper.
No
Yes, it is supposed to be connected to a gear that turns it.
Mine did the same thing. It made a grinding sound and would never go back into the start position. I called support...everything, they couldn't/wouldn't help. They were going to give me a small credit to buy another one. I declined since this one had broke within a year. I decided that since it was broke anyway and I couldn't use it, that before it made 'in position' beeps to start, I would manually move the cutter all the way over into the start position(while it was making the grinding noise). There is a trigger in the start position that tells the machine that it is ready to start. I did this SEVERAL times with no success. Machine was useless. Then I tried again and I must have had the right timing. It has worked ever since...no grinding noise. It's all about timing and I don't guarrantee my fix will work for you. I figured the machine was a waste anyway, so I might as well try it (even though in my mind I figured I would break the gears by doing this. Didn't matter...it didn't work). If you are ready to write it off or throw it out the window...give it a try.
yes
Not without a converter. Not sure if they make it for 220V or not.
Yes, it did.
Yes. In very good condition. I was very impressed with the Cricut Cutter and all other items purchased.
This cuts fondant, sugar sheets, gum paste, and supposedly sugar cookie dough (never tried that) directly, mostly to be used as decorations. Its really not meant for making stencils (a regular cricut and some food-safe vinyl/cardboard would work for that). This machine works well for big broad shapes, but not particularly great for fine detail work on fondant and gum paste because of the soft nature of the materials.
There is a 5 x7" (approx) hoop available. The Brother brand and a generic that both fit. This hoop is reposition able by the way it attaches and costs from $22 to $40 depending on which you choose.
I've used this machine on several fabric weights and it has been great. As long as you have the right needle and thread tension correct, it will be a work horse for you.
yes you can with the cap loop http://www.amazon.com/Hoop-Brother-LB6800-Embroidery-Machine/dp/B00421SMSK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1364225292&sr=8-1&keywords=Brother+LB6800PRW+cap+loop
Yes, you just have to move the next line of text. But if it's too large, you will have to re-hoop and move everything. It still all has to fit within that 4x4 inch frame size.
They are exactly the same with the exception of the bag on wheels provided with the LB6800prw. If you don't want the bag, the SE400 is the one you want.
You can if you buy the attachments to it.. Amazon has it.. Good luck
After you download the designs into the MAC, you plug in the USB cable. After that, the machine will show up as a "drive". Click and drop the designs from where you saved the designs to the "drive" that is the machine. You DO NOT need software to do this. I'm hoping you read the manual, because there is one specifically for connecting and transferring designs. It explains everything. If you are still having problems, call Brother customer service, they are there to walk you through each step.
Yes
Check your thread tension by using the dial on the top of your machine. If the tension is too tight, your thread will break. Depending on your material type and thickness, thread tension may need to be adjusted. Also, make sure your material and stabilizer are taught and secure in the embroidery hoop. It should be pulled very tight in the hoop to prevent any thread breaks.
Yu can transfer any pes file through the USB cable. Almost all OSes work. Including Xp. It will just show up as an extra drive when linked
Yes it can. All cartridges can be used on all machines. I have purchased a few cake cartridges for my regular cricut. The only difference is that the cake cartridges don't use so many layers when you're putting a design together. They only use 1 or 2 layers. The regular cartridges can use up to 4-6 layers. I used the cake cartridges to help make valentines for my granddaughters. I loved it because they were just as cute but so much simpler with only a couple layers. My suggestion would be to pick which layers you wanted to use so your design doesn't get so thick if you're using it for a cake design. Hope this helps.
Yes. I have the original and it works.
I believe you should be able to use the actual cartridge in the mini cricut, they are supposed to be all compatible. Don't know if it would work through the craftroom, sorry.
Doug R, Yes it does have a cow,also a barn to go with it if you choose.The cow is really cute. I use this cartridge all the time.It has an array of different kinds of animals. Also has horses,hedgehogs,chicks,hippos to name just a very few. Hope this helps.
Yes Katie i believe it does!!
No, lots of other cute critters though!
yes, all three are included.
THERE IS!! I do not personally owned it however it is super cute and I believe it has a lot of people in it, so to me, I think that would equal a lot of layers and a lot of cutting. It's really cute, though and we'll probably be leaving in the next cartridge despite the amount of cutting involved.
No, This does not work with the cuttlebug.
whatever size you want them to be :)
Based on the texture of these cards I would strongly caution against doing this. Plus, because these are meant to be worked on in various mediums, such as water colors and pencils, the ink from your printer will likely feather out into the fibers of the notecards and not give you crisp lines, which is likely what you're looking for. Hope this helps.
I don't know the weight but it is heavy. I really like them
I too am an artist and its my opinion these blank greeting cards by strathmore are a quality that would accommodate acrylics. I seem to remember my first order was textured which may or may not work depending on your concept.
5x7
it's the same color as the paper - cream
The paper is sturdy, but porous. I wouldn't use anything but mini glue dots for adhesive. Anything even a little moist would most likely cause the paper to wrinkle as it dried.
Yes, indeed! These are very lovely cards with matching envelopes. Just be careful when you are ordering, as there may be other color combinations. In the past, I've gotten the ivory cards/envelopes but with gold edging.
Yes, it does.
I ordered two of them, the first was defective because the balls didn't unscrew and that is a 7". The second one which works is bigger, I say it's an 8". I don't if that helps. Neither one stay on that well.
7cm x 7cm. It's not too big after you put the beads.
I have an large wrist and I wear an 7 1/2. Fits me perfect. Hopes this helps!!!!
As long as they fit in a regular Pandora bracelet you're good to go.
No, it looks more like leather, matte. Doesn't look cheap.
The fabric is about 1/16 thick. This includes the batting.
yes, that is correct 1=1 Yd, therefore 4=4 yds
how do i get answer
This is a craft item.
i am sorry but this item has random dates and a specific date can not be accomodated, but the six pence is a sweet accent for any bride to be as a symbol of love, wealth and good luck:)
Laura: These are random coins, we will not be able to get any certain coin.
Mary: Yes, we have this item in stock, just place your order. Thanks,
Yes. but it's better to get that UK Royal Mint's Silver Sixpence. Usually a new sixpence is created every December
We can forward you more pictures. Please send me your email address to superiorcraftsupply@yahoo.com
Ummmm.. Britain went to decimal coinage in 1971, meaning no more sixpences, ever. Maybe you could find a 1914.
Yes, it is a genuine six pence.
This set has a grey, but it is not specifically Payne's grey.
This pan does not have a metallic gold color however it does have deeper yellows that give a nice goldish color.
Hi it comes with a tube of white transparent watercolor. The transparent colors are beautiful. So much that I do not want to use opaque ones anymore.
They're made in Holland (i.e. The Netherlands).
About 25 pieces
These are almost an inch
One bag would probably suffice. I filled a glass, square vase, the top is 4" X 3" and it is 6" tall, and one bag was plenty for that. Hope that helps.
Hey so I got these for this exact purpose, I bought 2 bags and they filled the bottom of 6 bowls
Yes
No
Approx. 3/4 of an inch.
I think they're a light silvery color.
I have found this sharpener does a nice point on my Berol PrismaColor pencils. Because the blades seem to be much sharper than in other sharpeners I have tried, I don't have to apply as much pressure. The clear top portion gives you a good view of the pencil as it is being sharpened so you can adjust the pressure to your type of pencil. I have to apply more pressure to my dressmakers pencils.
I don't think that's possible. They have two additional blades inside the sharpener but beyond that, you will either have to purchase a new one or use the existing over a trash can.
My son uses the blackwing pencils, which are quite soft. I guess they could be compared to colored pencils. This sharpener did a fantastic job.
KUM makes a model for 2mm, but this is not it. Try searching Amazon for "KUM".
I just did a couple of googles, and can't find blades for either this or the Blackwing. Fortunately, the blades last forever and two come with the sharpener. Will continue to search, and post if I find any! Good question! EDIT: Amazon has them (of course!) search replacement blades KUM. There are several pack sizes and several proices.
Neither, it is a human powered sharpener.
I've only had this for a couple of weeks so I haven't faced this problem yet, but I'll watch your question and hopefully learn the correct answer.
This should work well with any HB. It works well with all the brands that I've used.
I would have to see a picture of that, since mine doesn't sound like the one you described. My holes are side by side and have blades on the top of the holes for sharpening the pencils. The spare blades are housed horizontally along the bottom of the sharpener.
No it is hand powered.
It does not fit.
Mine works on the Juki QL-2000 Ti, straight stitch. I don't know about the 5550n.
It does not fit.
It does nto fit. Your machine is low shank.
It does not have one.
I do not know. I use on a 1500s Brothers Professional
Hi, the punched out heart measures 1.5 inches high and 1.5 inches across at its widest part. It's a sturdy punch, I made 100s and 100s of hearts for a wedding project with this thing, totally worth it. Good luck, J
It broke
This site says it's 2 inches. http://1-2-3crossstitch.com/cgi-perl/itemdetail.pl?item=01-005497
It may, but they can get stuck when using too thick of paper.
Inside the removable cloth plate is a small accessory kit that includes a tweezers (needed for threading the loopers) and a screwdriver also a spreader used for different stitch configurations and extra needles
It does a very nice rolled hem. Read instructions
No it does not
I have no idea as I have windows based computer...sorry
This is a serger, so it has different special stitches for edge work... it won't have straight or zigzag stitch. There are tons of sewing machines that have up to 300 different types of stitches that sounds more what you might be looking for when you say you want an all purpose machine
Maxi-Lock thread and the least expensive place I've found to buy it is Wawak Sewing at www.Wawak.com online. I hope this will help you.
It is not a cover stitch machine but it will flatlock and also finish seams.
NEW Singer 14SH754 overlocker is the replacement for the popular 14SH654 and has all the features you would expect from a brand leader like Singer and at a great price. This new Singer overlocker has the added benefit of stitch width adjustment, simply by turning the thumb nut. Built-in rolled hem, at the touch of a button. Flatlocking and decorative applications. Movable knife, cut/trim off while stitching or not.
I generally use my serger to ensure seams have a finished look and it does cut off the excess fabric on the seams
Yes you can...
Yes, you just have to peel off label, they are great books
Yes, they will. I have been using it for my images with 2 sheets of thick photo paper and the thin sheet between.
Pages are not removable. They have a piece of black paper in each sleeve. You can use the correct size picture or use it like a scrap book. I love them. The cover is hard plastic and you can add title on the spine. They are very durable with lots of use. They come in all sizes and multiple pages. I get big book for special events (holding up to 96 photos) and smaller numbers for eg. Our Annual trip to the zoo. I alphabetized an put on book shelves.
It holds 8.5 x 11 sheets.
Portrait
It seems to be. I used it to make a replacement seat for an outdoor swing. It would hold water until put eyelets in the low places so it would drain. Even poking holes the size of a pencil eventuilly sealed off and would hold water in the low places until I repoked the holes.
It will be five yards long. :) You don't get five 1-yard pieces.
Although it is a thick fabric, I am not sure if it would withstand that type of specific use. I almost think it would rip apart after several uses like that.
Hello, we sell all our fabric by the yard and in one continuous uncut piece when multiple yards are purchased, so yes we will send the fabric rolled.
It was 60 inches wide. Made a cover for the car wench and the fabric has held up well.
No way. It's a cotton canvas. It won't stop a sharpened pencil.
The four yards that I ordered came in one piece. I ordered the camel color and used it to make outdoor swing canopy. I was pleased with finished product.
Yes
Y yes, it would
I think so. That would be 15 sq feet. It's been some time but I thing it was 60" wide
60 inches
You need to be more specific on what you're looking for when you ask how does this compare. The simple answer is it does not compare. This is approximately 600 denier polyester canvas, Cordura is nylon canvas, a much stronger material. Cordura is better is every aspect but price, but you do get what you pay for. I would not use this for motorcycle clothing, though as a reinforcing for jeans as someone replied, maybe, I'm guilty of taking short rides with just jeans, T-shirt and Oakleys so a little extra protection is better than nothing, though i do have a Cordura jacket. I'm off topic now, motorcycles do that to me. Anyways, I don't know what you plan to do with this material, if you need Cordura, get Cordura, rhino canvas is for canopies, bags, outdoor furniture, but if you need something really strong and abrasion resistant that is Cordura.
Yes
Not rubberized per say, but a smooth stretchy back. Great fabric.
Length: 9 in Width: 3-1/2 in Height: 4-1/2 in
No they don't
Yes they do. I use it as a foot model for my barefoot sandals.
Depends on your idea of flexible. But yes, it is slightly spongy
Yes it will.
The rings are about 1/4 of an inch in diameter and maybe 20 gauge. They do not give sizes...I suppose to keep you from buying your own. I honestly had no problem making the bracelet even though I didn't think I would like chain maille. It makes a woman's bracelet that looks elegant.
I've purchased 3 (4?) kits of this Byzantine. I didn't measure the rings with my calipers but had no problem completing the bracelets. I only use the T-pin if a link is uncooperative, most of the time I can manage by just holding the weave with my fingers. Good luck, hope you didn't get the wrong size rings.
No, you ill need 2 pairs of pliers (smooth, no teeth, otherwise you will scratch the rings)
Silver-plate (I think over copper)
7 inches
it was definitely white.
I don't have it in front of me since I am at work, but I think it is about 1/2 wide. About the size of a silver dime or a little bit larger.
It probably could be dyed, but in the dying process the balls might get a little weird because of their texture/make-up.
I ordered mine on June 24th and it still hasn't been shipped as of July 8. My account shows it will be shipped between July 22-Aug 8. I also requested 2 day shipping as it was an option at checkout. I'm not sure why they display that option when in fact it is not really an option.
We do not.
Made in India and prepared and finished in the US
Yes, it is a full bolt.
About 20 yards
Yes, it is one continuous piece of fabric.
I ordered this past spring and received a roll.
You know, I've only used my brayer for print making, but my guess would be to use the soft roller. The hard roller may produce gaps in the glue application, whereas gentle pressure on the soft roller may provide an even layer. Good luck with that. Lura
Having used mine only with acrylics and water soluble inks, I clean it in water between colors. I know many artists, and this is the only way we clean our brayers. I don't think they're meant to be taken apart.
I use it to remove bubbles from the paper once I have laid the paper onto the glue. Also, to apply paint or ink in a smooth finish onto letterpress plates, rubber/acrylic stamps, etc.
No - the smallest one (blue) has 24 pegs. What were you hoping to make & perhaps I can steer you in the right direction to find the loom you need.
From smallest to extra large 24, 31, 36 & 41
No they do not have cut outs. I know what you are saying I did not want them either. The kniffty knitter does not have that.
I wanted something that would be easy to use to make knit chemo hats and I found it with this set. In all honesty, I've only used the one size but have made over 25 hats in a few weeks. They are very easy to make, and if I had the stamina, could probably figure out how to do other items as well as I did buy a great book to go with the Knifty Knitter. It isn't a waste of money, but I could have done better just buying the green knitter for adult hats, but the small one I may use leftover yarn and do hats for children at Roswell Cancer Institute here in Buffalo. Good luck, and Happy Holiday.
Like the others say, just about any yarn you want. If you are using worsted weight you might need to use two strands together as one. I like a bulkier yarn personally. WalMart actually has a decent selection of inexpensive yarns. And sometimes at JoAnns you can get the big pound of yarn on sale. Get on youtube for tons of tutorials on all things round loom knitting.
Your machine must have a video viewing program of course & you might try emailing the presentation to yourself & then capture & save on your system from there. Or I know there are video capture programs out there, but that means an expensive purchase. In order to save onto a disk, you probably need a DVD capable drive as well. Personally I like the email option & Windows should include some kind of video viewer.
Any yarn, from Michael's and the chunkier the better!
41
Yes. After wrapping the pegs, the yarn could be secured to the side peg to keep it from slipping off the starting peg. Once the starting peg is knitted, the yarn will stay in place.
Sorry, I didn't buy this for myself so I canot answer your question
I bought this for my wife and here is her answer as she has both machines. The project is a good machine and is also a sewing machine where the 770 is not. The 770 is faster, much faster and will take up to a 5x7 hoop where the project will only take a 4x4 hoop. Both are good machines, it depends on what features you are wanting.
Available through ibroidery.com
I have only tried three with no problem. It would depend on the thickness of the of the material being used as to how many layers can be sewn.
For this machine, 4 x 4 is the largest size for the image being embroidered. There is a larger hoop, but it will not extend the size of the image. It only saves you the time of re-hooping for doing two or more smaller images on your material. "IMHO" could not have been giving an answer for this machine. Other machines have criteria for bigger hoops and the machine was not identified in the answer.
This machine does not have quilting templates. It does off different stitches that are indicated on the front of the machine. My main focus for using this machine is for the embroidery portion.
Sort of. There is a leaflet in with the other paperwork titled "Brother Limited Warentee" Basically covers stuff that probably won't happen anyway.
No, it does straight stitch as well. You can do anything a regular machine would do.
Yes it does.
Yes, if you design something on your computer, you can upload it to the machine and it has several built-in fonts where you can embroider names or initials.
Yes I love it
36 per pack also the size was actually 6.5 x 10
36 in a pack. They are beautiful!
36 per pack
These have 36 in a package. They do stick together so you need to be careful to prevent ripping. I thought they looked very nice on my cookie trays.
20 but they are hard to pull apart and tear easy. I ordered more than I needed because of the tearing. We are using these for wedding invitations.
Not very many- maybe five.
They are 9x6. I used them to make some Christmas Tree Ornaments. Judi
I no longer have them but it seems like there were 10.
These watercolor pencils can be used for serious coloring. I think that they are better than regular colored pencils. They are really smooth and the color is vibrant.
Nope-the names are not printed on the pencil. The outside of the pencil is painted the color of the lead inside though...They also have a feature they call "A-B-S" there is a white protective coating that surrounds the lead core-making it break resistant ... this works well too- it wasn't till just now that I discovered what the ring was for- thanks to your question I took a closer look at the box-I wondered what that was all about. I can say I have noticed that my leads don't break as often when sharpening- not 100% but enough that I noticed. I like these watercolor pencils- and I would buy them again.
No brush included.
Mine didn't
Product is made in Germany and labeled "safe for children." They work on skin when using the side rather than the tip. Once dry, image doesn't smear like other face paints I've used.
You can do free motion quilting. I've done large projects on it with great results! The machine is strong enough for quilting, but could be a bit tight of space for large projects like bedspreads.
It has the foot pedal varying the speed (and it does get fairly fast), but no way to change the max possible speed for embroidery or other fine work where you might want a lower speed.
This machine has no button attachment feature but it does have a 4-step buttonhole foot that makes excellent buttonholes. I used it just the other day and hand sewed my buttons onto the garment.
It comes with two bobbins, spare needles, seam ripper, embroidery plate, buttonhole foot, a manual, and a small felt disc to put on the thread holder.
In the box, literally there is a screen made of silk in a frame. Everything you need to make a template is in this box except for the image you need to start. But I would advise you to research what you are getting into. Here is a guide showing the how-to's of silk screening: http://makezine.com/projects/silk-screening-101/ I have seen elaborate systems for silk screening using machines. This is much more basic.
The screen itself can be used on any color, it's the paint/ink that comes in the box that's designed to pop against dark fabrics. You could certainly use the paints on light fabrics too, the colors are bold, but not the other way around - if you use regular colored inks on dark fabric it won't show as well.
The directions on the ink does say for paper as well and will not wrinkle. It is also a waterbased ink.
The short answer is no. This is because there is only a single screen in each kit. In standard silk screening, you only apply a single color at a time. You need to have a different screen made for each color you need to add. You apply a single color, dry it well enough to prevent it from smearing, then add the next layer.
The exact DPI is not printed anywhere in the box, but it is incredibly fine. I tried to find one as fine at a few art stores and they didn't have one. I printed an image with very fine lines - all curves, and there were no grid staircase-looking edges. Hope that helps! It's a pretty good kit. BUT i would recommend if you are a beginner like i was, look at the instructions on the speedball website, because the instructions that come in the box dont answer all questions.
You can reuse the screen using homemade cleaners (bleach or vinegar) or by using an actual emulsion remover. The latter will get better results of course.
You can use any design but you have to remember: screen printing is limited to one color at a time.
Plug is 110v I didnt mesure thr lenght of the hose, but it is pretty long! I can sell you mine for $290 in like new condition, I bought it couple months ago and used it few times at my SPA and then we have bought spray tanning booth... It is very good machine! I have bunch of solutions too!
I haven't, but I do use for at home spray tans. I'm starting to spray more family and friends and I am very pleased with it. The first one I ordered however, the pressure switch didn't work. We contacted the company and they shipped another one to me.
Hi Jordan, Everytime I use mine I run warm water through it till it runs clean misted water. Everytime. It's the only way I've found to maintain the gun and I've had this system for 2 years without issue
Yes. It comes 32oz paasche tanning solution at 10% DHA.
I'm not positive but I would guess some metal and some plastic since it isn't a top of the line machine.....but I have had mine for over 2 years now and have had not one needle break or ANY problems with this machine. It's a great beginner, intermediate machine and would be great for taking to a class too because it's not huge! I love this little workhorse of a machine and have sewn through the thickest materials and interfacaing, even the gals in my sewing class where shocked at how well my machine did compared to their $1000 or more machines!!! I hope this helps!
Yes. You'll need the following Singer needles: Ball Point 10/70 or 12/80 for sheer-to-lightweight knits (jersey, single knit, spandex, tricot). Ball Point 1490 for medium-to-heavyweight knits (double knit, sweatshirt, sweater knit).
Yes, one step button holes works brilliantly. I've just made a shirt out of very fine fabric & the buttonholes were perfect.
Yes, foot pedal is included along with dust cover and a ton of accessories stored within the machines compartments. I would purchase a bottle of singer machine oil for maintenance.
I have used this machine to hem denim jeans, sew through several layers of corduroy, and quilt with no problem. I do use different feet for different projects, which helps feed the fabric through more easily, and I do lift the foot when going over a very thick seam to help it feed through manually. I love this sewing machine! I have had no issues with plastic vs. metal gears so far.
I am a beginner and I am loving this machine. It comes with many "foots". Once you get the hang of it, Its like YES! I am a pro. Not really but its fun to dream. You will have no problem getting the hang of it. Do a simple project first then the sky is the limit.
We had a sewing cabinet that was 40+ years old, which was built to hold our old Singer sewing machine. The old machine actual screwed into the old cabinet, and the old sewing machine could be flipped upside down, and disappear into the old cabinet. This new machine has no way to be attached to the old cabinet. However, we use the new sewing machine on as a table top, and it works just great that way! The new machine could also be used on top of the old cabinet, but it cannot be attached to or hidden in the old cabinet.
I received the following answer from Singer Consumer Affairs Department. May be it can help you. The problem may be that the foot control is not connected correctly to your sewing machine. The receptacle for the foot control is recessed rather than flush with the casing of the machine. When you insert the pin of the foot control you need to make sure that it is pushed all the way in. You can feel it lock or click into place twice. If you stop after the first lock or click you will think that the foot control is connected, however the connection is not complete. As a result the foot control will not react to the pressure of the foot and the machine will not run. Try pushing the pin of the foot control into the side of the machine. This error can also indicate an electrical problem. Check the following before you take it in for service. Remove all thread from bobbin and upper tension area. Remove bobbin case from bobbin area and check for loose thread in that area. Is the power cord plugged all the way in? Is the foot control pin pushed all the way in, it must sit flush with the side of the machine. Are you using a surge protector? TURN OFF THE MACHINE HOLD DOWN THE BACKSTITCH BUTTON WHILE POWERING ON THE MACHINE. YOU MAY OBTAIN ANOTHER ERROR MESSAGE, SUCH AS E 7. UNPLUG AND THEN REINSERT THE FOOT CONTROL. POWER MACHINE OFF AND THEN BACK ON AGAIN. If the problem persists, please take your machine in for service. If your machine is still under warranty (Parts and Labor are covered for 1-year from date of purchase), please take it or ship it to one of the authorized Singer service centers listed on the attached document. You will need to present a copy of your receipt for warranty work to be completed. Warranty work can only be done by an authorized warranty center; any repair carried out by any other location will not be reimbursed. If you need to ship your machine to a warranty center, you are responsible for the shipping costs to get it there; we will cover the shipping cost to send it back to you, providing you were required to ship it, to get it there. (See attached file: Service_Centers Electronic_12-6-12.doc) If your machine is no longer covered by the warranty; we recommend that you take your machine in for service to a local Singer retailer. In this case you are responsible for any repair charges. To find a retailer/Service center in your area go to www.singerco.com, click on "Where to Buy" and then enter your zip code. Here are your closest locations.
Hi Judith, No the Singer 7258 does not come with a walking foot, but you can purchase one on Amazon for about $12. These are the ones is comes with: General purpose foot Zipper foot Satin stitch foot Blind stitch foot Buttonhole foot Straight stitch foot Overcasting foot Darning and Embroidery foot Gathering foot Rolled hem foot. I hope this helps you. This machine is a joy to operate and is a great choice. Debby
Hi there, the speed control is on the front. Its a bar switch that slides from left to right, left being the slowest and right being the fastest. Hope this helps!
I use hot glue. It works well.
This listing includes both hook and loop sides and it will be 10 yards of each side.
It is pretty stiff. I would only use it for a utilitarian application as opposed to a clothing closure for instance. Hope that helps.
I think it is just a bit lower than the standard. But it certainly holds well. Mine holds a Polaris Ranger 4x4 canvas type top in place. Does great.
All Country Brook Design items ship from Alabama USA. We are a American company. Unless it's prime then it is shipped from Amazon's warehouse. That is if you buy it from Country Brook Design. If your not buying from Country Brook Design first it's not our product so it' counterfeit. Amazon will let other dealers sale on our ads so please make sure you know what dealer you are buying from.
Not any harder than the brand name stuff. I have found it very easy to work with. Just placed my third order for it.
It is shipped as two rolls as pictured. Each roll is about 10 yards, I did not do an exact measure but I think I got a bit extra.
No, it does not...
The glue is very sturdy & will last outside for many months. Just check on it every so often to make sure none of the areas the glue has been applied to has separated from any surfaces. My suggestion would be to roughen up any areas where you're applying the glue with large grain sandpaper to help the glue stick better. Good luck!!
No, round mini glue sticks.
No on/off button
If you're asking what I think you're asking, once the glue stick is half-way used, pulling the trigger doesn't advance the glue stick anymore. What remains of the glue stick is too short for the mechanism to reach. What I do is load in a new glue stick because the second glue stick being pushed through the gun also pushes the last bit of the first glue stick the rest of the way through. I hope that is clear.
I measured the cord and it is 5 foot long.
Oh yes its wonderful although I wouldn't buy it online go to AC Moore and buy one for two bucks :)
I use the short glue sticks recommended on Amazon and they are perfect. Love mine and use it inside and outdoors.
I am not sure. I just bought the glue sticks that went with the product to be on the safe side
No, mine did not. But there is an add on item for a bag of glue sticks that is very inexpensive.
I used it only on paper... I don't think this Will Work on fondant since it might get stuck
About one inch wide and 3/4 inch high
Slightly longer than an inch across. Hope that helps!
I had the same problem when I first started using mine. Try rethreading and reinserting your bobbin and start again. Somehow my machine has stopped doing this, but I never figured out why it did it in the first place since my thread and bobbin seemed to be just fine.
hmm...maybe check and see if your connection to your foot pedal is ok, could need oiling...maybe needs a trip to your local service to check feed dogs...
as one of the decorative stitches? I m sorry I don't remember...if you mean chain piecing...yes but it stops in needle up position only so pivoting is a problem for me...
as well as i can remember there were 12 to 14 pieces of various sizes in this bag. but since each bag has different amounts of the sizes i am sure the counts can vary greatly. my bag only had two large ovals in it.
Differing sizes...for instance, from quarter size to larger than a silver dollar. Would measure but gave them to my grandson for crafts. He's loving them.
Can't exactly remember as I gave them to grandson for crafts but estimate from quarter size to silver dollar size. Might be some smaller ones also.
I don't know but my advice would be to drill a hole in a guitar pick. I would use a small hand drill.
Amazon has them. Look for Eurotool 1.25mm replacement pin.
Should work well. It cuts through bottlecaps like butter.
Too small for 16 gauge wire (if you're punching into a material that won't "give" like metal...) So.. definitely 18 gauge.. possibly 17 g. Cheers, Greg
I've never attempted anything that thick with this punch. For that I would use my hand held power punch.
You will crack the shells. You should use a diamond drill and drill under water for this purpose.
Based on the size of the punch nib (part of tool that punches the hole) , very thin leather in my opinion. Hope that helps.
I doubt it. a drill might be a better option.
I use it on 24 gauge metal which is .0635 mm so I'm not so sure about a hard wood 2mm.
I had no trouble changing the pin. I don't think it should be bent.
U control the diameter as u sip the nozzle.
They are Bpa free ! They are the same as the ones sold at Walmart! I saw them after I had already purchased these):
I dont think so, the plastic is pretty thin. I think it would melt. I never tried it.
8.6 inches
i used the wire for personalizing things with script names ... the wire was too thin for what i wanted as the names didn't hold their shape ... i do not know what kind of support your sculpture would need. i know i needed a stronger gauge ...
one roll--- 39 feet wound into a 5" diameter ring.
Aluminum usually doesn't rust.
The 12 gauge wire is really thick. It is about the thickness of a rubber hair tie. I think you need like 18 gauge or smaller. Wire is smaller as the gauge gets higher.
Yes it is.
I have purchased this item several times now and it is indeed 12 gauge floral wire.
It all depends because it is soft aluminum. If you are looking for rigidity as in a conventional bracelet, it will not be. Another thing to keep in mind: this is unfinished (raw) aluminum, and usually it will leave a blackish mark if rubbed against something (including skin). In order to avoid this issue would be to get it anodized.
I used the wire to make personalized hangers so it is soft and easy to bend, not sure it would work for hammered jewelry.
It should. It bends easy but hold form. We used it to make names to attach to hangers for my daughters wedding
Yes unless it gets bent again.
I have the 560 and they work great - just did a quick google and I think these should also work for you. Hope that helps!
I have a 640 E Bernina and these bobbins are textured on the center core and have four long and eight long holes on the sides. Your best best would be to ask your dealer if 640 bobbins will fit a 560. If so, these bobbins will work fine. These bobbbins are now mixed in with the bobbins that came with my machine and I can't tell the difference.
Yes, it should. I have the 560 and it works fine.
Yes, the Aurora 450 is a 9mm machine which does take this style bobbin. http://www.bernina.com/en-US/Products-us/BERNINA-products-us/Sewing-and-Embroidery-5/BERNINA-4-Series-us/BERNINA-aurora-en
I wish I could answer you Ruth, but I honestly don't know. I bought these bobbins for my Bernina 1630. I don't own a B 440QE. I would call your local Bernina store and ask for product number for the 440QE and see if that can be searched on the internet and compare. Good luck.
I have the Artista 730 and they work perfect. I believe the 560 uses the same bobbin, and if so, they would work.
If it is an artista 200 then yes they will work!!!
Yes works perfect.
www.singertexas.com
Yes! I have a Futura 150 and it fits. Yours will use the same bobbin case.
It does not fit my Xl400....just the Futura 150
Yes
No
Veda I don't know since mine never arrived.
No you will need part number 87061
I ordered this and it works perfect in my CE-150. &#128521;
Colleen I have a Singer Future 2000 so I can't say it will work in your machine, it work fine for me. Hope this help
Dark brown for the leather top the flip side is more of a suede rust color. Not very thick I measured it to be a little over 1/16 inch thick . It's soft good leather
3M spray adhesive. You'll have to experiment to get the right amount. Too much will make it splotchy too little and it won't stick
Not thick enough for belt..
yes!
The piece of leather that I had purchased seemed fairly sturdy.
Unfortunately no. Though the light is very bright, I tested this with a sheet of Arches 300lb cold press and a xerox photo and found it easier to simply draw by hand rather than use the tracing light. There is faint line detail in this, but not anything where you can clearly see like you would with less heavy paper. A side not on this, in order to conduct this test, I moved the light box on top of my drawing table in order to best represent the light, rather than mounted below the glass surface, and it was still not very clear.
I do not have that information, but the light is bright enough to trace through a couple sheets tinted paper. I have been using a light box for about 45 years and I feel that the 930 is about as good as it gets.
It comes with a power adapter.
I would definitely say so. I have used thick stonehenge paper on it and the image was still clear underneath it. These LEDs are bright. You will say wow when you first turn it on.
Yes
No
American company. Made in China
I bought the 12x9" Light Pad for sorting and evaluating color slides and negatives. I find it perfect for this purpose. The size is just right to place an entire 35 mm film on the pad. Lighting is very even and bright to clearly see the images using a magnifier. Since it is LED it stays cool. It comes with a nice soft cover for storage. You won't be disappointed.
No idea....mine is still working.
Yes the size includes the border, they are very small. I love it. I use it to trace quilt patterns for applique' projects.
It does figure yardage for you! Although I often have to refigure borders. It is too generous. This edition seems a little more accurate than my EQ5 was though. And I am not sure if it would be accurate enoughwith paper piecing yardage.
You don't have to have the disk in your computer to use it. The program does randomly connect to the Internet to check that there are no updates and that it's an originally issued copy of the program. As far as using it on multiple computers you can do that if they're not being used at the same time. I have it installed on 2 computers but never use them at the same time.
I think one for Mac and one for Windows based
Yes
That is called a "Custom Layout" and yes, you can do it in EQ. The custom layout allows you to place a block of your determined dimensions into the layout, then place another block of a different size into the layout and place it wherever you want, and so on. In the custom layout, it is up to you to decide where you want the various size blocks to be placed. There are also wonderful irregular grids to choose from in the preset layouts.
You select the size and number of pieces you want. It is an awesome program. Just a little hard to get used to it; but, customer service for that program is really great. They will answer your questions and walk you through anything you need.
Kate: I do not know if EQ7 is compatible with Macs, but here is contact info for you. Phone: I 1-800-356-4219. When I owned a Mac, I used Quilt Pro, which I liked much better than EQ 7 Email: sales@electricquilt.com I hope this helps you and I wish you good luck.
Someone with more talent than I have might be able to, but , no, I could not do it. Sorry but the EQ7 is not easy for me to use. Most people I know that make the Mariners Compass use a foundation or paper piecing pattern. If you go to QuiltingBoard.com &lt;quilting@lifestyle.ibemail.com&gt; there are many talented people there and several use the EQ7 a lot, and they will answer your question for you. Sorry I could not be more help.
no
You will need to choose. There are 2 versions, one for Windows and one for Mac.
I do not do needlepoint; this was my first time. If you are a beginner like me, it will take you a long time. I worked on it every weekend for about 10 weeks so in total approx. 50-60 hours!
The white embroidery thread.
Yes the chart of all the letters is included
Wool, almost all of it.
it says it is 12 mesh cotton canvas. Very easy to work with, I used a hoop to keep it taut and found it worked better.
it is from top to toe.
No. It must be completed as shown.
Fabric feels the same as before it is dyed
No it does not wash out after it has been set. You must dry it first in the dryer then you can wash to wear it. Mine are still going strong and are still bright with color.
I think just less vibrant red. But you can mix the colors to make other colors. They come out nice.
You can wash the item after you make it. I have a tee-shirt I did over a year ago that still looks good. It's faded a bit, but hey-it is tie dye.
2 oz. kit says about 12 t-shirts
Unfortunately I used them to dye baby things- onsies and bibs. But given what we had left over I would say it would each pack of 3 sprays make 18 shirts... So 9 bottles would in turn make 54 shirts. I am sure there is a plus/minus to it.
Yes it can be washed. It is recommended to wash by itself the first time, but after that it's ok.
No t-shirts are included
The basket would have to be able to absorb liquid for it to work.
It will vary depending on the size of the shirt, but I was able to dry 3 size small womens tees.
Yes. I bought this not to long ago. it's a real copic marker case. you can also go to copicmarker.com and purchase it. but it's way more expensive. Even the recommend buying most of their stuff from amazon and other retailers.
Hey Brenda. Width wise, they should fit. The original Copic markers fit in here just fine, and these markers seem to be a bit slimmer than those. As for length, I have a few neo pieko markers in mine, and although the case closes, it doesn't close well, so you'll run into that problem. If you don't care about that, then you're fine, the case will still close.
I have Copic markers. They are a little less than 6" tall, approximately 5/8" wide and approximately 3/8" thick. They fit into the slots with a little extra room. If the Spectrum Noir markers are close to this size or smaller, they should fit. This is a really nice, good quality bag. I especially like the shoulder strap and the zippered front pocket. Hope this helps.
Probably not the large ones, if they are larger than the copics.
Yes, I believe that any of the copics will fit with the exception of the Copic Wides.
Not fit. Do not buy it.
yes. my granddaughter uses it with her copics all the time.
Yes, it will.
considering it is made by Copic, for Copic brand markers, I would not be able to tell you if another brand of marker would fit.. I would assume that if you had a Copic marker in your hand, and it was generally the same size, that it would indeed fit. You will have to compare the two yourself. I know this item fits copic markers well.
Yes. The double ended Prismacolor markers fit perfectly in the holding slots. Just make sure it is NOT the Prismacolor markers with the ANTI-ROLL cap. Those markers have a tendency to get stuck, so you have to wiggling them a lot when trying to take them out. If your Prismacolor markers are the ones with the regular round cap....then you will love this marker wallet case!!! Hope this info is helpful.
So far, so good (I think). I washed it a few times and then gave it as a gift!
No you cannot; until you bake it the paint is still wet and pliable. Bake, let it cool, then prime the surface with chalk by rubbing it all over. Then you can write!
I didn't use anything special but I found I liked the wider/flat/somewhat firm bristled paint brushes I had in my stash - they were part of a paint brush variety pack I had purchased at some point, nothing special. I tried using one of those sponge brushes and it introduced too many air bubbles into the chalkboard surface.
Chalk markers work fine and show up much clearer than actual chalk. I would suggest rubbing actual chalk all over it then wiping it off with your finger just to give it that actual chalkboard look. Then using marker over top of it.
i would buy two
No brush included, but I did paint it on. Very easy to work with, instructions are explicitly detailed on bottle!
It can air dry and be usable, however if you want it to be permanent and washable it has to be baked. There is better chalkboard paint products out there if your not trying to make it permanent on glass/metal/ceramic
I haven't tried using this particular paint on glass before. You can get chalkboard paint for glass at a local craft store (cheaper) -- that's what I use.
I don't think so. This product is expressely made for porcelain.
We used half the bottle on six mugs. Count on ten mugs, and any more would be a bonus!
I'm not sure how the bobbin would impact this working. The shank type is important, but I don't think the bobbin type is going to impact how it functions. I have used this foot on two separate machines, one with a front and one with a drop-in bobbin.
I don't think where you load the bobbin matters. You do have to remove the part that holds the presser foot on - the walking foot screws onto the shaft. Not a problem. I have used mine several times and a really pleased. Hope this helps.
I do not know. I works on my Kenmore which is made by Janome. Do you have a low shank sewing machine? That is what this walking foot fits. You may have to buy it and try. That is what I did and it works great. Just make sure you can return it if it does not work.
It fits my HClass 500E Viking sewing/embroidery machine in case your machine is comparable to mine. Works good too!
I've just looked at a picture of the Singer 2263. Your machine has the same shank as mine, so yes, this walking foot will fit. You will have to remove the lower shank that you clip your presser feet onto by removing the screw that secures it (it appears to be on the left of the shank). You will then put the walking foot onto the same post w/ the same screw while at the same time slipping the right arm of the walking foot onto the post of the screw that you use to secure the needle (on the right side). It's kind of a chore at first, but once you've done it a couple times, it makes perfect sense. Just remember that the walking foot is secured to your machine at two points. Hope this helps!
No
Ok, this foot is for a low shank machine and you will need adapter if you do not have one like this http://www.gonesewing.com/servlet/Detail?no=2373 because this foot screws on instead of snaps on. It is good to have one depending on what feet you need that is low shank which is very popular. Hope this helped you.
Yes, it fits mine. Just take off the ankle and hook the hooked piece over the take up lever screw. See page 46 of your manual. If, you cannot find your manual go to www.brother-usa.com and under support you can print out or save your manual for free. You should have an even feed foot included in you accessory bag, if you didn't get it, call Brother and tell them.
If your machine is a short shank it should work fine.
I'm not sure but it fits my brother project runway machine. So if this machine looks same like it's then Mayb it wil fit...if urs is a low shank and too load drop in bobbin then it will fit...
I use both presser feet, for different purposes. The quarter inch foot does exactly that, it stops the fabric from moving past the quarter inch mark on the right edge of the fabric, so you get perfect quarter inch seams. It's really handy when doing a narrow rolled hem or french seams or anything that requires a precise quarter inch sewing line. A good 1/4" foot should also have a hole in it so that you can position the needle to the left of center to get perfect 3/8" seams as well (why it's great for french seams and rolled hems.) I sew apparel, and don't quilt, but if I were a quilter, this foot obviously would be mandatory. The joining foot's guide is in the middle of the foot (as opposed to the right edge on the 1/4' foot) which allows you to stitch in the ditch, or stitch 1/16 or 1/8 inch away from the edge of the fabric or edge of a seam line, it works great for top stitching, such as around the edge of a collar or next to any seam line. It also allows you to sew bias binding to the edge of fabric in one step rather than two. The joining foot allows you to use a zig zag stitch to join fabrics at their edges, or sew lace trim onto fabric. The 1/4" foot only allows you to use a straight stitch. Goggle "joining presser foot tutorials", I found a site that had 16 different uses for the joining foot, it has a multitude of uses. I find both presser feet invaluable for apparel sewing, they allow me to sew much faster and accurately at the same time, especially when the stitching is going to show on the outside of a garment. I made a princess seamed coat recently that required all the seams and edges to be topstitched, which was a LOT of topstitching, that joining foot saved me a lot of time and all the topstitching came out perfectly. Neither feet came with my machine, so I had to buy them separately, and I'm glad I did, they both make the difference between sewing quickly with professional looking results and having to sew much slower to maintain accurate sewing lines.
I would check with the Designer 1 Viking sewing machine folks and inquire. I have put the foot on a couple machines that have the same style of putting the foot on a short shank machine. Hope this is of some help.
This foot does not come with a shaft. Since you use your own shaft, it should fit any machine.
As far as I know, a snap-on foot fits ANY snap-on shank. I interchange them on all of my machine, and even bought a low-shank snap-on for my older machine. It works for me.
Yes
Since I don't know what kind of machine you have and what your blind hem stitch foot looks like, I would guess "no". This foot has a blade in the center to guide in an existing stich-ditch so that you line up your current line of stitches exactly on top. A blind hem stitch foot isn't designed for that purpose.
No. & No, This is not for machine Quilting, It is for top stitching. It can be used for top stitching close to the edge or over lapping of Fabric.
As far as I know it will work for any machine as long as you have the correct size that is for your machine. I like an open toed foot just as well so i can see where I am stitching and it is just as successful as the stitch in the ditch foot. It is a matter of preference. I have both and like both.
If it is a low zhank machine it sbould fit.
Don't know.
If it has the "low Shank" connection it will. Do you have instructions with your machine? Or can you call a Joanns sewing and craft store and ask them if it has this feature. I have an "Iris" and this works GREAT on mine!
I have a Janome 8050. The presser feet are the screw on type. However, I also have a Brother that was purchased from walmart, and it has the snap on feet. But I have been able to use the same walking foot from the brother on the Janome with no problems.
I love this foot, however I have a Singer One and am not certain this will fit your model. You might want to check the website and make certain it will work.
It should but I have a husquava. The foot is great.
No You will need to buy #37 red foot from Bernina
I don't know if it will fit your Singer. It does attach to the newest Janome's and Brother sewing machines. Both of these machines that uses this type of foot have low shanks. The foot snaps onto a bar. I hope this answer helps. Good Luck!
Hi Cynthia.....Yes this will fit your model of Brother....The foot I have which is this one featured here fits mine and all Brother machines I have... and I Have 4 Brother Model Machines,2 sewing machines ,1 embroidery and 1 Serger ....
It will probably fir. But you have to have a really low shank.
It looks like it will. Checked online and the singer version has the same bar set up as this one.
It fits my Singer One. You may want to give Singer a call and see what they say. If your Singer has a low shank, it should. I am sorry I am not more familiar with the 925 model.
If the standard steel ones you buy at the Fabric store fits your machine these will also.
I no longer have the packaging but I think it said on the package that it fits most brother machines.
Yes, they will work in your machine.
It should these are universal compared to singer ones! It works on my old brother and my moms new brother. Don't buy walmart brand non universal. &#128526;
Yes
This are SA 156. They fit my brother SE 425 that uses SA156.They will fit yours.
Yes. If you scroll down a bit on the page for the bobbins, there is a list of the machines it fits and your model is listed.
I think so, these bobbins fit most Brother machines.
Yes, they do.
I don't know about the XR9500. I do know that these SA-156 bobbins fit the Brother XR1355.
Yes! If you drill a pilot hole, then screw into it. It solidifies to a really dense hardness. If possible, during the molding, screw your screw in while it is still pliable, then as it hardens, it will contract around the threads, making for super tight threads. Hope this helps! I love this stuff! My kids lost the plastic plug that is used for the drain hole in the bottom of the deep freeze, allowing for warm air to get in and cause heavy frost. Melted down some Instamorph in hot water & instant plug, perfect size & I even made a mushroomed end for grip. Perfect for temporary patches, for instance, say you've got a hole or crack in an area that stays most all the time, where silicone or putty won't dry due to moisture, a hot blob of instamorph is hard in a few minutes & smooshes right into the crack, creating a great temporary (or permanent) patch!
This product dries white opaque. I have seen color pellets you can add to similar products (polymold), but I'm not sure if InstaMorph makes a line of coloring pellets to add in or not. It appears this would work to color - http://www.amazon.com/InstaMorph-Moldable-Plastic-Pigment-Pack/dp/B00FF0PHPS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1398823255&sr=8-1&keywords=instamorph+color
You can make teeth with it, but it is too pure white to be a convincing tooth. I used it to make Halloween teeth that were supposed to be gross and decayed and mixed powdered yellow food coloring in with the instamorph. For more natural teeth, I think you would still need to mix in a tiny bit of yellow to be realistic. Very tiny amount and I don't think liquid food coloring would mix in solubly, so I would go for powder. Doesn't take much though.
Worbla comes in sheets of thermoplastic, whereas Instamorph is in small pellets. Both can be heated, molded and reheated and remolded, but worbla is good for making large objects, like armor/weapon replicas and such, where Instamorph is for small projects, and you have to pretty much boil it.
Yup!
For the most part, yes. It might have trouble with small details as the consistency is thicker than clay. You'd want a sturdy mold.
I would actually use self-fusing rubber tape like this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CGVEXS/
There are many better products for this. IM is pliable when very hot. after it starts to cool its harder to work with. Also, I dont think it would pick up fine detail. I hope this helps.
No way. I'm in Construction, They make them si thin today. This is a totally different substance I'd try cleaning the area with a wire brush, and make it dry. I know there's a small tube of of Alum. type paste not spendy and blending that in from the inside. Depending where you live?.... if there's no freeze thaw cycle it may do the trick. If not a dab of Gorilla glue may work....
look on the Tutto website. it shows which models of machines will fit
I don't know the answer but if you got directly to the Tutto website the answer might be there. Good luck!
Getting your machine in and out is much easier and it is less awkward to handle the case. GO WITH THE TUtto!!!:)
Even though it says xl, the embroidery unit doesn't fit
No idea, but I have a big quilting machine and it fits
Yes it will. I fit my Babylock Ellisomo Embroidery Machine in this with no problem.
I grab the side metals part
Interior: 23"L x 15"H x 14"D, Top access: 19"L x 10"D, Exterior: 24"L x 16"H x 14"D, Front access: 21"L x 14"D
Dont know restained my leather and put it on that was only a few months ago but havent noticed any discoloration. Mostly just used to give it a shine.
Only on dry leather in my experience. If the leather gets wet, the dye I used still comes off on other fabric.
I have real leather couch, but I have used this on worn purse areas, like handles and bottoms. The real leather will absorb it better, but I think it would work for the use you suggested. It just may not absorb as well, so make very light coats. it's a great product and a hundred times better then anything else I've used. You'll find many uses after you buy it, like renewing your fav purses and leather coats too.
This is not a dye. It is a sealer and is applied after the leather has been dyed and has cured. It adds no color when applied. It seals in the color that has been applied during the dyeing process.
It is a hard glossy finish. I had purchased a mail bag for my IPad & accessories and the raw leather finish rubbed off on my slacks. Applied this product and no more problems. I personally like the finish.
I think not ,but an experiment would prove it one way or another
It's worth a try but I don't know for sure. I use it to seal paint on raw leather belt bracelets.
It is good for most leathers. Do not see why it would not work on shoes.
No I would not recommend it.
I would as long as its real leather, I use it on my leather seats of my truck. It has worked fine as long as they stay dry after that, or you will have to reapply.
The seat is probably about a foot high. Just over the middle of my calf. My two year old loves them.
I'm not sure my kids all Weigh under 30 and use it but I've sat on it and Im a little over 100'lbs and never broke
Sturdy but rounded plastic. Nice for kids
The legs unscrew and fit in slots beneath the table top.
height of the chairs are 12 inches
I wish I could tell you, but it hasn't been taken out of the box yet. Haven't seen the grandkids in a while. Sorry.
It depends on what kind of padding you're looking for. I would say yes but it's a cross between not really soft and not really hard. As a grandmother of 3 boys 6, 5, and 2 I like it. You can't get much better than Safety First. They are a good product.
The table doesn't fold, but the legs are easily unscrewed and can be clipped into the back of the table for storage
Yes as do I and it still has enough room for the sling mount with no modifications. Fits snug and stays in place. Happy shooting
The buttstock sleve i got when i ordered was one that held 9 rounds as shown in the picture
The one I received was also black.
That is a typo on the item. The Mossy Oak Buttstock rifle shell holder version holds 9 rounds from mid caliber high powered rifles. (example, I use one on my 30-06 Springfield and it holds them perfectly.) This could also be used with 30-30 as well and other slightly smaller or larger type cartridges. I assume .223 to .308 would be the approx sizes it would be used for this shell holder. The shotgun version holds 6 on the first side and 2 more on the other side and so this is a definate typo. I ordered mine from Amazon 2 years ago. Go for it, it's only 6-7 dollars. Can't get burned too bad and I think you will get the 9 round holder you want.
I feel they will fit band is elastic could not guarantee it though
This is an elastic band so it should stretch to fit any size and shape... within reason of course
Definitely not. It's made for .12ga shells only.
Fits a .243 but I wouldn't want to go smaller.
No
Yes
I purchased the clay as a gift. However i did some research prior to purchase and i seem to remember that it oxidizes quickly and should be quenched immediately or fired in carbon.
I have used a small, handheld torch (Blazer GB4001 Stingray Butane Torch) on this clay with good results. This will do earring or pendant sized objects.
Pre-ramp my kiln to about 1778F, place the piece onto a fiber blanket, and hold the temp for 30 minutes. I prefer Art Clay because it doesn
15. I just got my second pack and they are wonderful. I use them on all my quilt rulers.
Yes, it slides quite easily.
Yes, they stay on the ruler. It's not glue but that kind of tacky rubber surface that just clings, like the stuff they use for window cling-ons. I've had mine on for a year and they haven't budged.
For long rulers, I use one on each corner and that seems to be plenty. For smaller square rulers, I cut the leftover pieces between the circles and the circle centers on the corners and the middle (the middle because I am usually trimming to that size and use a lazy susan style cutting mat and that middle piece helps to keep the ruler in place while I am turning the mat.) For large square rulers, I use one on each corner and one in the middle. I have not needed more than this with the way I cut. Hope that helps!
I would assume they would stick to metal but I don't know about soft rubber.
The Amazon item description says you get 15 per package. I guess I didnt notice if the box said there were 30 included.
they are very thin and no problem the ruler sit flush on the fabric - I do like them and have ordered already more for my other rulers - I had ordered someother thicker , quite good for no slipping, but the ruler did not sit flush and this was a problem for cutting. I hope you will find them useful.
Yes you can sharpen all sizes of rotary blades with this.
I couldn't get mine to work at all, not only did it not sharpen the blade it actually made it more dull. I returned it for a refund.
I don't know about the pinking blade but I would not waste your money. After sharpening two rotary blades neither one would cut and I returned the sharpener.
Yes
I watched a UTube video and they said it works on any brand cutter blade. The demo used an Olfa cutter. 45mm and 60mm can be sharpened.
I used it for a 60mm blade and it worked nicely. I have not used it on the 45mm or 28mm, but I certainly plan to do so.
Yes it should. Please read the directions carefully. It will sharpen it nicely, but it will not be as sharp as a new blade.
I would say it is actually pretty see through. I bought it to use on a set piece that needed to be hid behind. With light behind the fabric, you could easily make out the person from the other side - not just the shadow. I had to put a heavier fabric behind it to make it completely opaque.
Yes, I can see pretty well through it
if it's *60", it's going to be actually 54" and then however many yards you buy. Also, it's a very thin, almost shear material. It was perfect for what I bought it for. (Fabric is either 60" (54") or 45" (usually 44"). I've been sewing about 40 years and it's always been this way. Kind of like a 2"x4"x6' piece of wood. It's never actually those exact dimensions.
I'm not sure about anti-pilling (not sure what that means), but it was fine when I put it in the washer. I try to not dry my blankets as I feel like not doing so helps them stay soft, but I is put it in the dryer on the no heat setting and it was fine. I'm not sure my answer helps, but I hope it at least answered something.
Ours did!
In the description it states that the width is 60". It is sold by the yard: each unit ordered is 60" wide by 36" long. If your order two units, dimensions will be 60" by 72" and so on.
It is 60 inches wide and it is sold by the yard. I ordered two yards. So it is 60 x 72. So if you needed to order more yards you can. I hope it helps.
This is actually blizzard fleece, it sounds like you are are looking for microfleece. It is lightweight and has a nice drape to it and the outer textured is almost pebbled, as opposed to 'felted' llike blizzard fleece.
100% cotton. will need to be ironed after washing.
I am sorry I can't check on this for you because I gave my map away. I do remember when I used it, it was completely adequate for showing people the places in the world I was talking about. It gives an idea of distance and the relationship of countries' positioning with relation to one another. I think the names are adequate. A paper map would be the better format for lots of precise detail.
yes you are
35" x 60" It's large enough for classroom use. I use it in the classroom with high school students and they are able to use it as any regular classroom map.
You would probably want another cloth under to completely cover table. I used a plastic. Also, it was cut unevenly. I squared it up before using. Makes great BB backing because you can wash & reuse.
it is very nice but i ordered the complete set (all pieces of fabric) and they continued to send one wrong pattern. and sent it until the correct fabric was out of stock in a complete piece. i was happy with the fabric but not the company. unless you are looking at a different set up, there are no throws....all just measured pieces of material. for a table cloth you'd have to put a seem right down the middle because i believe it is on;y 42 inches wide. hope this helps. i'm making play mats for our grandson to use as learning tools.
It has been awhile since I made this throw. I believe it was either 36 or 42. It is a good size. I made this panel into a throw for a teacher, as a unique teaching aid for her class. I also made her one of the United States also.
The distance from point to point is 4 inches.
Well, when I ordered two yards, it was continuous. I was very happy with this purchase.
No. It is continuous.
Horizontal
canvas
This fabric coming 54 inch wide and 36" long (1 yard) I think they sell more the one yard and the product is good quality
Drusulla. This fabric is ordered by the yard. Therefore, the length will be whatever yardage you order. Wonderful fabric, many, many uses. Hope this helps. Gail
Yes, many brands use these as curtains! If you prefer 4 contiouous yards please email as after purchase!
I super glued it to my current cushions and it looks great. I have it outdoors but in a screened in porch. Love this print!
I didn't receive them separately, mines came in one piece, but you can always contact the seller.
Yes it will work. Brother I believe is made by Baby Lock and they use the PES format. Hope this help. Debi Smart
You will also need a PED for downloading the designs to the card. See. http://www.amazon.com/Brother-PED-Basic-Software-Downloading-Embroidery/dp/B000GTNEEO/ref=sr_1_18?ie=UTF8&qid=1375717405&sr=8-18&keywords=Embroidery+machines. You'll have to check the website to see if it is compatible with your machine. Hope this answers your question.
you need a converter box for your computer The AMAZING BOX CARD READER http://www.amazon.com/Amazing-Designs-LITTLE-Reader-writer/dp/B004BCYMG6/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1373680136&sr=8-1&keywords=amazing+box+card+reader
If your machine takes a card reader blank, then I think it would. It works in my Babylock Ellure and Palette card reading unit perfectly. You definitely need a card reader to connect to your computer to transfer your emboridery machine. But consider going to brother's website and ask there on their message board.
With the card writing system I have only 1 file at a time can be on it, it writes over the existing file everytime. most of the sewing files that I have are under one megabyte. Sorry I am not more helpful
Mine worked so I transfered all my patterns on . Now it says can't read anything.....really makes me mad since I bought 2.
Sorry, I can't help you there. I have the PE650 and the Brother Disney and it works with them.
It fits my SE270D and my PE500. From what I can see they appear to be in the same family of machines and the slot looks the same.
Yes, works great. Happy sewing
If you have the Amazing Box Converter then you will have no trouble using this card to acquire your designs from the computer and using them on your Baby Lock. If you're still not sure go to the Amazing Designs website and check there.
No, there's no such need. There's enough place to fit a sleeve and pant leg without lifting the machine. You just need to unattach one part of the machine which is placed in front and you can sew (it's very easy).
It does have a light.
Per the manual, the following are included: All Purpose Foot, Zipper Foot, Buttonhole Foot, Button Sewing Foot, Gathering Foot, Darning/Embroidery Food, Even Feed Foot, Side Cutter. The following are optional additional accessories: Satin Stitch Foot, Overcasting Foot, Hemmer Foot, Cording Foot, Blind Hem Foot, and Quilting/Straight Stitch Foot.
Hi, this machine doesn't have this feature, but, frankly, it doesn't seem so important (at least for me). When I want my needle to be down, I just lower it manually - it's very easy and precise. It was my first sewing machine too and, after sewing on it for the last 2 years I would still recommend it as the first machine.
The machine uses plastic bobbins. It's in storage so I can't measure, but according to the specs it's 8.8 inches from front to back. It's a good machine -- I've enjoyed using it.
The difference is that the 3323S has more feet attachments. Other than that they are the same machine.
I have had no problems with the tension. I don't use it a lot, but so far am 100% HAPPY with this sewing machine.
I've only used plastic since that is what came with the machine.
This is my wife's first machine, and she loves it. It has been able to do everything she has wanted. Now, it goes without saying that this machine will be quite different from what your mother was used to. But I imagine she will love to put the needle to the fabric again with this machine!
Yes
The ones I got were 60wt. I use them in my Brother Dream Maker
They work well in my Quattro 3, if that helps.
They work fine in my Singer Futura. Dont know about Curvy.
I'm not sure. I have a Janome MC9500 and they work flawlessly. My only complaint is that sometimes it is hard to find that little stick out of thread to get the bobbin started.
I'm sorry. I don't know. I have a Brother & they work fine with it.
I don't know the answer to your question, sorry.
yes, these are the same as sa156, the recommended size for your machine.
No. It is sewn into the sides of the pillow. I took some teal toile and covered it up as I tied it around the pillow. I kept the little ribbons to tie the rings on. It was perfect.
Roughly the pillow is 6.5 inches by 6.5 inches and about 3 inches in thickness. Great for small hands. Hope this was helpful.
Unfortunately I have packed mine away. But I measured the one I gave my ring bearer as a gift. The one you are interested in, from Amazon, is about 8 1/2 X 8 1/2. I added a narrow piece of ribbon to match my bridesmaids, and it was perfect. I feel certain that you will be as thrilled as I was with this purchase. Hope this helps. Congrats.!!
No there was not a handle on mine.
50-100 maybe more....
Yes. Pen is included and is attached, as you see in the pic.
total 16 pages, first three pages are for bridal party information and the rest for guests to sign
I don't see why you couldn't. It doesn't say wedding on it anywhere. As long as you're ok with the white, fancy style, as shown in the photo, I say go for it.
I'm not really sure since my daughter has it now. But, if I remember right, there had to be at least 15 pages.
They are only about at the most able to stretch to 23 inches around. So it totally depends.
For 100 guests is more than good. In my wedding the guests did not use the whole page... They usually write 5 lines. I had 140 guests and I had a lot of pages im blank. It was a beautifil set, I recommend it.
I asked the same thing since I had 3 flower girls unfortunately items are not sold separately.
No. Comes in two seperate boxes with instructions and hardware. Assembly required. Bring your degree. Just kidding. Assembly is required though.
Absolutely. Very thick wood. Must tell you that it comes entirely unassembled. Hope you are handy..
The space with the machine is 30 inches across 17 inches deep and the shelf above can be adjusted. I can fit a Singer Featherweight in its case or an Baby Lock Esante. The height of the space is adjustable. Special note: you do have to crawl/bend under the table to get to the shelf. This is awkward so don't put anything to heavy to pull out easily. I keep the Featherweight and fabric under there. You will probably want to use a power strip behind it as the cord for the outlet on the pullout is short. Overall I like the unit.
If I bring the table all the way out it is 61" back to front. I have an embroidery machine with a pretty large attachment so I need it all the way open, but it wouldn't need to be with a regular machine.
It is attached
Hi there and thank you for your question. I will need to check with the supplier/manufacturer for those specific measurements. I will get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you again for your interest. This is a very popular item. My Best, Susan
Hi, Thank you for your interest in this item. It is one of our best sellers. The only dimensions we were given by the supplier were what was in the item description: Dimensions W:35 1/8" (89.2cm) D:21 3/4" (55.4cm) H:61 5/8" (156.4cm). If you need more specific measurements, I can try and contact the manufacturer for more details. Please just let me know and I am happy to try to assist. Again, thank you for the interest and we hope to have you as a customer. My Best, Susan
Yes
No
Well packed did a small scratches..two boxes..quite heavy.
The box is something like 92 to 94 inches long, 15 to 16 inches wide, and 18 inches or so tall... Hope this helps...
Jason asked the right question, can anyone answer, "can you print directly from illustrator?"
Cookie, let me give you my opinion on this machine. 1. You will have to work on a "PC" with this machine. It does not cut directly through Illustrator and you will have to utilize the LXi apprentice software, pc based, it comes with. 2. You can create a .ai or .eps file and open it with the LXi apprentice software but you will find it doesn't do the job very well, at least for my case. Here is my set-up 1. I use an iMac with Illustrator for design work and save my files on my "pc" on my network. 2. I use an older "pc" running Windows XP Service Pack 3. I have made the necessary adjustments that tech support has recommended and still run into several issues. Issues: 1. I create my file in Illustrator and "open" the .ai/.eps file in the LXi software. Opens fine and looks good. I can visually see all of my outlines and cut paths. 2. I send the file to cut. What comes out is not what I put in. There will be random lines running throughout the artwork. I have wasted a lot of vinyl trying to make this happen. I can cut something out 5 times and every time it cuts it out different. It might not finish a letter/object or completely leave something out. It is driving me crazy. 3. I have visited with tech support about the issue several times and we have tried different solutions but ultimately I was told that it is just a limitation to this cutter. It doesn't have the memory to handle these type of files. Perhaps this issue could be solved by designing directly through LXi, but the Apprentice version does not allow for complex design work. I just recently purchased CS5.5 and can no way afford to purchase the full LXi copy. Recommendation: Save your money and purchase a Roland! In a former job I utilized a Roland and designed and cut directly from Illustrator on my Mac. It handled EVERYTHING I threw at it. I know it is a HUGE price difference, but I'm wishing I would have waited and made my purchase at a later time and bought the Roland. I will give Sign Warehouse some credit though. Even though I have not received the "fix" that I would like to have, they have been extremely helpful. We are still working through the problems and I hope to arrive at a solution soon. I will follow up if we get things straightened out.
The cutter see things as lines. I convert everything to curves, remove all filled areas and regardless of the color I keep my lines black. I am using Corel Draw and it caused me issues in the beginning, my work around is to save it as a PDF then I import it into the cutter program. Hope this helps, if not call Sign Warehouse Tech. Support they was a big help to me.
It is NOT compatible with MAC, or Windows 8.... It will work with Windows XP, Vista, and Windows 7..
Yes it does.
Yes, it did come with a key and the basic LXI software. No problems with it so far and I've owned it for over a year and use it as a back-up. It's not used everyday, but I think it would handle a decent workload.
The longest scroll bar is 20 inches long.
I find that using some of that mesh type shelf lining helps. Put that on the wood dowel then your canvas then the clamp. You might need to adjust it a couple times to get it straight, but once it's done it will stay tight and straight
The longest rod in the set is 20" and would certainly accommodate the 16" side with 2" extra on the sides. You would have to trim the canvas to 1" per side to fit it with the longer dimension sitting horizontally on the frame. You can get longer rods from the manufacturer.
Yes
Yes, it works with illustrator but not photoshop.
You'll need a different blade, a 60 degree blade instead of a 45. The issue you'll run into is that normal vinyl has a clay paper back, the blade never cuts through the piece. If you're leather doesn't have any type of backing, i wouldn't try cutting it. Too much pressure and then cutting all the way through will destroy the teflon cutting strip and dull your blade. The directions also say to never cut paper with this cutter. However, there is a pen attachment, so you could draw out a design and then cut it by hand.
You can make them with the fonts on the software that comes with it. It has to be in vector format in order to cut it.
It hooks up via USB and power cord. Just last night, I reformatted my hard drive and had to reinstall all my programs; I got the drivers and software up and running again in no time and without a problem. Installation in every aspect of this plotter is easy if you follow the instructions.
The plotter drivers are in the LXI software, so as far as I know, you can't. I'd contact sign warehouse and have them help troubleshoot
Does not come with the measuring sticker and also doesn't come with a stands... Sucks without the stand
What do you mean by formats? The software that comes with the cutter works off any vectored image - and I have not cut vinyl fabric but vinyl sign material cuts perfect!
Yes it cuts heat press vinyl and the other two, you just have to play around with the speed and pressure it applies, but that's easy.
Software that is included is the just the basic software. You can create cut outs of letters in difference fonts. But if you buy more supplies they will send you more features and enhancements to the software for free. Buy more supplies ($$$) again and you get another version that will be more usable.
You have to have a font editor. To make custom fonts. Also upgrading from the basic to expert is worth the extra 150 from sign warehouse.
Sorry, I only used it with a blacklight, but I would check the ingredients before applying to a childs face
These paints are great blacklight reactive neons for the face and take very little time to dry. They also work well on poster board paper. I think they would be fine on canvas but keep in mind its a thin paint, not meant for elaborate works of art. -Just from my own experience!
Yes it glows in dark
It does because it's non-toxic and water based, but it wouldn't work on hair if you are trying to get your hair to glow. It's very thin paint. It can work on the skin well, you just have to let it dry and be patient. Intricate designs would be hard because its not a thick gory paint. Hope this helps.
I did not put this on cement, however I am pretty sure it will work if you give it enough time to dry. As for washing it off, it will definitely wash off!
one day
Yup, with a black light it works great. My friend does activities with her daycare kids all the time with these exact paints and a black light.
doesnt work with normal light, It`s glow with UV light, very dark to see.
mine came in one day
I have used a cricket cutter and the eclips, I like the eclips better. I have a friend who uses a cameo I occasionally cut items for her.
input: 100 - 240 v 50/60hz 1.5 A output:24v
It is Version 2.0
Yes, the file that is created just needs to be saved as an svg file. I have created several files with Adobe Illustrator and then cut them out with the sizzix.
Yes
You should be able to do that with the Sizzix Eclips plus the additional software you have to buy separately (unless you get a package that comes with it). I would suggest that you look into the Sillhouette Cameo though as I think that machine is geared even more toward what you want--it doesn't have the capabilty to use cartridges like the Eclips does, but it doesn't sound like you would use cartridges anyway--they have commercial artwork on them. It might depend on what file type your artwork is in; you'll want to check with the manufacturer to make sure the machine can do what you want it to do.
If you purchase the software you will be able access the online libraries and purchase the new graphics that are coming out. Right now the cartridges can be purchased cheaply because they are being phased out, About $40.00 is the regular price. It might be handy to purchase some of the fonts or general holiday themed ones that you can have on hand. The machines coming out soon will not have the handheld controller and graphics and fonts will need to be purchased online and stored on your computer. The machines coming out this summer will have a wireless function. So - to answer your question - definitely purchase the software since cartridges are being phased out. I recommend your looking at the cartridges to determine which fonts and/or graphics will be most useful to you and if you can get them on sale, go for it. Scoring works great. There may be an adjustment needed depending on your card stock, but the directions help you through that.
Yes &#9786;
I think it can improve it, but I foud good desings so far
No, eclips has their own program. You can however use SVG files to cut. I recommend against this machine. Mine only lasted 18 months and then didn't work properly. I called Sizzix and they basically told me that the machine was out of warranty and I just should buy another one... Yeah right! I spent close to $300 on this now paper weight. Get a Cameo instead.
This is a water based acrylic paint.....Does not adhere to metal. If your doing an indoor project such as a statue or frame I have found if you sand the surface and paint it then go over it a few times with a sealer such as modpodge or water based varnish it will work but I wouldn't do it to an item that is handled frequently or is outside or around moisture.
Absolutely!!! I use these paints on everything and I mean everything!!! It comes out pretty nice whenever u want to do a Crackled effect. So if I may suggest something, perhaps it would be helpful if u go to an Arts store u most likely will pay over 12.00 dollars for a small bottle. Now i AM NOT CLAIMING THE INVENTOR OF THIS CRACKleD EFFECT, BC i LEARNED ON YOUTUBE. All you need is to first cover whatever it s u want crackled with "Elmer's Glue!! Now it 0nly costs .99cents... So apply one coat of Elmer's glue, then apply a coat of whatever color u like then all u have to do is Blow-dry!! It's that simple, and it comes out looking much better then even the crackled glue. I hope I was able to help...
If you used it sparingly you could see thru it but painted thickly it is pretty opaque. It could be thinned with water.
I did with a base coat acrylic underneath it.
no
The metalic colors are plain gold,silver,copper etc no brilliant but very pretty I use them a lot in my crafts. The glitter metallic is kind of shine that with the light you see sparkling,glitter. Sometimes I use the plain metalic and when still wet I put some shine clear or silver glitter power and looks wonderful. Hope this information help you .
The back of the individual bottles say "All-purpose, water-based metallic acrylic. Excellent coverage and quality. Shake well. Soap and water cleanup." I have not tried using them on fabric. I would think that "all-purpose" would include fabric use.
Yes it is I love theses paints and use them on practically everything. Great paint. When I finish I will order more.
These are acrilics, I dont think are good for nails.
There is a great page with instructions on this blog I found on pinterest. http://lovenotesbylauryn.blogspot.com/2011/09/painting-on-ceramics.html
i used it to repaint decals on a motorcycle, and it seemed to work ok.
Well, in the product details it states that the weight is 13.6 oz. ...divide that by 6 and it is real close to 2 oz each
No
I have been using these paints for several garden ornaments - from concrete, poly, to metal (sorry, no glass) and these paints have staying power in the elements.
I would say they are slightly translucent. I had to do 2 coats because the first layer was a little see through.
It depends on how much you use. If not much, it doesn't take long at all. I just used it with my kids handprints. One of them use a bunch and I just let it dry overnight.
NO.
No
Yes.. just have not gotten back started making things.. wedding wore me out
I have not used any clear coat on my projects, but they have not been exposed to much moisture, so not really a good test. Here is what is says on the label - SHAKE WELL. WEATHER AND WATER RESISTANT. ADHERES TO TERRA COTTA, CONCRETE, WOOD, ETC. DO NOT EXPOSE TO MOISTURE FOR 72 HOURS. USE 1 TO 2 COATS. SOAP AND WATER CLEAN UP.
Yes, in fact this is why I got these paints abs have used them w/ success! I did follow up w/ clear Valspar spray paint but before that, the newly paint rocks did fine it the rain.
No it cannot. It will stick like a boss to metal, wood, concrete, terra cotta and I have stretched and used it on a formica table that I primed with spray primer first. I know this because I use a hard plastic dinner plate as a pallet and I can peel it off if I let a gob dry by accident.
The bottles say they are weather and water resistant. I would not recommend them for a toddler.
These bottles are the standard size bottles of acrylic paint you can obtain at Michaels or Hobby Lobby or Joanns. The stepping stone I did was a 7" diameter stone. I painted the front, back and side with the yellow patio paint. The plaster is porous, but I found 1 coat for the back of the stone was sufficient to seal the stepping stone, and the front I did two coats. The color is vibrant and the coverage is excellent on plaster of paris. I believe it would work well on wood, too. I still have 3/4 of a bottle left, and I was generous with my coats. So, depending on the porousness of your surface, these bottles of paint will give you enough to do a fairly large project, or two, or three or more. Good luck. Marty
Per their website, this paint can be used on metal. https://decoart.com/Merchant2/merchant.mvc?Screen=CTGY&Store_Code=D&Category_Code=DCP
you need enamel paint for glass then just hand wash it comes off easy I would not use out door paint on glass
I have a old window and painted with this and it's been outside all summer and we have had rain every day for a long time Me and the sprinklers hit it a lot. But it is still looking great
I am not sure if this paint is heat resistant. I would assume it is and it is reasonable in cost so it could be worth an experiment. The bottle does not say it is heat resistant. If you want a guaranteed heat resistant paint, I would use Pebeo "Vitrea 160". This is a glass stain that can be baked in the oven to make it heat resistant. Your heat from the lightbulbs would serve as the heating source, thus becoming permanent. It is also a high quality paint and so it costs more.......but you get what you pay for.
they should work okay (because they do not need to be cured in the oven). however, do not apply too thick because the stain might crack.
I didn't try using on foil, but I was using on glass (which is what they were for). I used them on custom made hummingbird feeders and within days of being outdoors they entirely faded to nothing. I was so disappointed. Having said that, though I was very happy with the translucent quality of the paints and their ability to spread, mix and look entirely enchanting after first application. I'd say probably would work fine on foil or any other surface, just don't put them out in the sun unless you plan to add some protective coating. When I tried some coatings though the colors ran. Hope this helps. Not a really negative review, they just didn't do what I wanted them to do.
Yes ,it works perfect
It could be used for this purpose but carefully. It is a thin liquid. You would have to create very wide tape surface with cut out design on the CD surface.
I have never tried to dilute it, so I honestly don't know. And I applied it with disposable brushes and didn't see what cleaned them!
No to microwave, dishwasher and eve hand washing. The paint peals off and clogged out dishwasher sensors. Had to remove and clean. Good product, but for decoration only!
I have applied this fan to LED-lit computer fans with absolutely no troubles.
Not a problem when used on the outside of the glass.
Yes. These pictured are thinner and cover easily. The "paste" tubes are what most professional acrylic painting are done with. The paste provides texture and greater variation when mixing colors. The "liquid" is primarily used for DIY crafts (most any kind).
4 Oz I believe
I think it is more of a dull finish.
No
I'm not sure I understand your question. The acrylic set comes in plastic bottles. I had no problems with the paint . It is very good quality.
water based, easy clean up
I used it on the walls and it never faded or chipped off. I never tried to remove it, so I can only guess about it being permanent.
I doubt it would last for very long without a top coat of varnish. I'd look for ones that says outdoor use. This set would be better and costs less http://www.amazon.com/DecoArt-DASK276-Patio-Paint-Sample/dp/B003ULND7S/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1381514180&sr=8-5&keywords=acrylic+paint+patio+paints In case the link doesn't work- DecoArt DASK276 Patio Paint Sample Pack
I happen to LOVE these paints, NO MATTER WHAT i use them on or with! But I may be biased cuz i've used them so often. These colors are vivid, just as you see them, last, and cover very well, better than some other paints. This color combination would make a great rainbow, especially if for an adult or teenager. If you plan to TEACH the colors of the rainbow to children, however, I'd say not.
I have not done that, bit I would think that you can.
I bought them to use on rocks. I was not impressed with the colors. Always needed several coats. Also, if it's for outdoors you would need a waterproof sealer/topcoat.
Yes it would be fine for this as long as you weren't looking for the details such as fingerprints. It may be too thick for that much detail.
I'm sure it works on paper wood etc however I've only used on glass. Colors are bright and just great.
Then you want Pebeo for glass ! It's awesome and there's trial kits you can order .Be careful not to get the porcelain get wine glass paint the color are great you'll need a good brush read what they suggest. Also it bakes and is dishwasher safe !
Yes you can paint glass with it. You can air dry or it can be baked see instructions for time and oven temp. Some colors are thinner than others however easy to paint with.
No. Colors are solid after drying. If using for suncatchers, you may be able to dilute with water.
They are 2 fl. ounces, and the colors are beautiful and very intense.
Absolutely! All your design work can be done in Corel and the LXi software will execute the cuts.
The software is good for as long as you have it. I have had mine for almost 2 years and as long as you have the security USB card you are good to go.
Make sure you check that your computer is using comm 4 In device manager an if you were using vista or lower there is new drivers for win 7 or win8
Sure cuts a lot also works
Yes it will!
The animal pattern is stamped on there and need to be cross stitched with the thread that is included with the kit. The neutral background is already quilted.
I use a muslin and sew it onto the back I use white muslin
Yes. It comes with all of the thread needed to complete the project.
mylar is a brand of plastic. this stencil is a good quality plastic template which I am using on a quilt top presently. recommend it
4 inches in both directions from tips of the petals.
just right for edge design.
I am thinking no. It's suitable for hand building and wheel throwing.
This sort of clay body should be fired to cone 06 (bisque) before glazing or painting. When you say oven I suspect you do not mean kiln. Conventional ovens will not get to adequate temperatures to fire this clay. If you simply want to dry it and accept that it will remain forever incredibly fragile and water soluble then I would just slowly air dry it. Rapid drying in the oven or in the sun will dry it unevenly and cause cracks. Let it dry with a sheet of plastic loosely over it. A better solution would be to put it in a kiln and fire it up to 06 or 04 (1830-1940 degrees F). Then seal before painting. Good luck!
I comes in one 50lb box but the clay is inner packed in two 25lb bags. I just pull off the amount needed for each project and close the bag to store.
I have been using this clay for years. Any unfired clay can be reclaimed to be used again. You need to let the scraps dry out, then place in a large bucket with water up to the top of the dry scraps. It should only take a few hours for the clay to absorb the water. Then you need to scoop it out and place it on an absorbant surface. Plaster slab works best, but you can use pressure treated plywood. Let the clay sit for a couple of hours until you can peel the clay back like a fruit roll-up. Put it in a plastic bag until you can wedge it to remove the air pockets...
It will shrink as it dries out. Also, once dry, it will be fragile. It would be best to fire it if you want to make molds from it.
Im not sure. I might would try a more durable clay like some type of polymer clay?
http://pottery.about.com/od/temperatureandmaturation/tp/lowfircla.htm Sorry I couldn't give you an answer myself, but this seems to explain it pretty well
I don't know. I'm just a beginner I got it because it is low fire clay . You might want to look at the company's website for all safe uses.
1 big block.
It isn't air dry clay but clay that is fired in a kiln. The length of drying time depends on how much moisture is in the air a d the process is to allow a slow drying time like maybe a week.
I was able to insert a small screwdriver blade under one edge, then the clamp came off easily. bj
I would say they're kind of hard to get off. They hold the rods so tightly that slipping them off is sometimes a chore.
First make sure that the canvas is large enough to fit over both dowels. Then remove the plastic semicircular tubes that fit over the dowels. Roll the canvas edge around the upper dowel and replace the plastic tube over the canvas and clamp onto the dowel. This will secure the canvas to the dowel. Then repeat with the bottom dowel. Hope this helps.
Yes, it has clamp like tubes on each end that hold the fabric tight and then you scroll it as tight as you want. The clamps were hard to get off for me to put the fabric in, my husband did it for me. I highly recommend this product.
Yes. It's actually almost 21.
I bought mine for counted cross stitch.
I've not used it for anything except embroidery (it's great for that!). However, I have hooked rugs in the past and I wouldn't use this frame for a rug because I don't think it is strong/heavy enough.
Yes... It could be... but it's very large for such a small canvas. The project I purchased it for was 12" by 24" It worked very nicely. Held the canvas very straight, etc.
If you are asking if a magnetic board and ruler are good tools to use for keeping your place, then I would say 'yes'. I use a magnetic board and ruler, but it is not attached to the scroll bars. It sits on the table next to where I stitch. If on the other hand, you are asking if the magnetic board can be attached to the scroll bars, I would say that if the scroll bars are held up by a frame, that would work. If holding the scroll bars in your hand, stitching with one hand, then having the magnetic board attached to the scroll bars, it would add extra weight, and maybe be awkward and/or uncomfortable. If you are new to stitching, you may want to check out You Tube, there are a lot of videos with some very good information. Hope this was helpful!
I had a similar problem on an old frame. I always tape the edges of my needle point projects using artist's tape to protect them and help keep their shape. On an old frame I had, I would also run a strip of tape half on the dowel and half on the taped edging of my project (so the project was adhered to the dowel) then start the roll and apply the clamp then complete the rolling process (I would do this with both dowels). This provided just enough adherence to the dowels to keep things from slipping, but it was still easy to remove when done. I used artist's tape because it is archival and does not leave behind residue that will discolor the fabric over time. I have not set up on my Edmund's frame yet, so this is only a speculative suggestion that may or may not work on it.
There are 7 sheets per color (which there are 14 different colors) plus 1 gold foil and 1 silver foil sheet for a total of 100 sheets.
It is colored on one side and white on the other, which helps for learning a diagram or crease pattern.
I didn't experience any bleeding. The color remained in tact when I folded the paper.
Well Mattine there are quite a few including red, yellow,bronze,purple, blue, green, orange, white, sky blue, navy blue, and maybe a few others. I hope that answers your question.
100 sheets of paper
100
The upright bird is 4 1/2" tall. The standing bird is just under 3 1/2" tall.
Yes, I think so. Same manufacturer so all the supplies should fit.
Sizzix Vagabond Machine requires 1 additional accessory for full compatibility with Sizzix Bigz Die - Birds. It requires Sizzix Accessory - Cutting Pads, Standard, 1 Pair, according to the Sizzix information.
I have a cuttlebug machine. I use 2 B plates. It works beautifully. What I like is you can cut out multiple dies at one time.
I think their glue is pretty much like any other that dries clear. It works, but they all do! As far as thin paper, I think it will indeed come through. You might try glue designed for vellum, wet or dry glue. Good luck to you.
I think it could be. I use it solely for nails so I'm not entirely positive. I can tell you this though, it goes on iridescent and dries clear and sticky. It is hard to wash off the skin a little bit because it seems to spread the stickiness around but if you add soap, it comes off more easily. Hope this helped!
Yes. This is the reason I bought this glue. You paint a thin layer of the glue into your nail, let the glue turn from blue-ish to clear (~2 mins depending on thickness) and press on the foil. I paint a base coat similar to the foil color incase there are some spots that don't transfer.
I haven't tried it for that purpose but I was told to buy it to add jewels to my nails and it sucks for that it never seemed to dry, the gems moved for hours after they were put on.
No. This us way to thin. Try modge pod.
Yes. I believe so, you can water the glue down to change the strength of the glue. So you could play around with a few batches of strength levels to see which one would work best for you. A would assume a very thin layer of watered down glue would be just fine without damaging the art of the button. I hope this helps. :c)
I'm not sure if it's Eco friendly. It doesn't show the ingredients on the label. It just says non toxic. But usually items that are Eco friendly proudly display it on there labels so my guess is no.
Its a little thinner than elmers glue. Yes you can work easy with it i add a dot of water and mix it to the glue then brush it on my wine glasses. I also use this same method to paint picture frames.
This glue is not strong enough and too pliable to use as a fake nail glue. It will not hold.
Hello Tiffany, Yes, I believe this is an outstanding machine for a beginner. I have been hard on cheaper machines and they ended up in the trash. I tended to force stuff. This machine is a really good value. Solid as a rock. Nice control. More than enough stitches. I sew patches on leather with no problems. Tiffany, understand that you are getting a man's perspective from a man who has run every sort of machine for 50+ years. I also have a JUKI industrial sewing that is a monster for big leather, canvas and sail cloth. This Singer is for everything else. It you buy this one and, in time, you decide you want more bells and whistles, you will still keep this one. Oh, by the way, I am an ordained working minister and I can't tell anything but the truth. I wish you well.
Most look like cast metal (Zinc, Aluminum or some alloy of them, the gears are a dull gray finish) shafts are polished steel, most ware surfaces are polished steel, bearings are bronze. I don't see any plastic gears or bearings. The frame is steel. I have not taken it apart completely so I am not 100% sure but as far as I can see it's all metal workings. Note- I am a machinst and I know most plastic now costs more the steel or aluminum and is becoming rare do to it's high cost.
The machine handled hems on jeans without a problem. The only issue we have had was with felt seeing felt causes felt dust which forms a ball inside which jams the machine. I needed to get it repaired after doing a project with felt
That would depend on the weight/thickness of the velcro, wouldn't it? There are some very heavy velcros being used on heavy fabrics and canvas. For common velcro that one might use on jackets or jerseys, the answer is, "Yes, very easily." I've used velcro in making "ice collars" (a shamwow envelope about 12" x 3" w/shamwow straps that connect and secure the collar using velcro). I've also repaired a couple of golf jackets without difficulty.
I have for small projects on thin leather . Im not sure that it would handle super heavy project., meaning thick leather or redoing a couch
Yes
I have hemmed jeans and it works fine, if you have to sew a belt loop just do it slowly. Hemming over the thickest seams on jeans works quite well and the thickness would be about the same.
It is easy to thread. And the bobbin fills easily. However when filling the bobbin go at a medium pace, as going too fast on this machine fills the bobbin unevenly.
Yes, if there is someone in the family familiar with sewing machines, in case the needle, when positioned properly, still doesn't fall correctly, when it should be in center position. The advantage is that the directions are understandable, and the machine is sturdy, not like a toy. I learned on a Singer Featherweight, over 60 years ago!
Don't know but I'd doubt it. It seems to just be 110v
Singer website lists both plastic and metal Class 15 bobbins for the Signer 4423
I do a lot of hemming and alterations, evan tried triple layer denim ,works fine for me. If you have dexterous hands I imagine it should work.
Yes it did have a foot pedal that plugged in to the machine. I am not the one using this machine because I gave it to my grandson's wife for Christmas. She loves it.
The SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine will indeed fit in the SINGER 611 Universal Carrying Case.
Hello Fannie: I just had the same problem. I sew sometimes eight hours a day and the presser foot shank will wear out after several months. The answer to your question is SEWING PARTS ONLINE. I just received my shipment yesterday. Take my advice, order more than one. The cost is 5.99 per shank plus shipping and handling. They ship fast, too. Regards, Robin Handcrafted Designs by Robin Renee
It has some plastic parts. You may wish to google " SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty, plastic parts" Or " SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty Reviews" to find out more. I sew daily on this machine for years and am very happy with its performance.
You can sew many different types and weights of fabrics with the SINGER 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine. When sewing lightweight fabrics such as silk, you should use a SINGER sewing machine needle in a size 11, or perhaps even a size 9. Smaller sized needles such as these penetrate silk more easily than do standard size 14 needles. The manual has a Fabric/Needle/Thread recommendation chart as well.
Hi Becky. Yes it does and one comes with your machine
Mine did come with a User's Manual, and I really like the fact that it was very easy to understand.
Yes and a few others that are listed in the info provided on the Amazon site. Just scroll down. It also has the capability to use other feet that you may want to buy and use. Pretty remarkable machine.
I have used mod podge spray sealer on printer paper and laserjet printing with no problems. Just make sure your ink is completely dry before sealing!
I thought about this a little bit, and asked myself what I would do if I painted my sneakers- and I said to myself that I'd not put sealant on it. A) The feet probably would not be able to breath as well. B) Sneakers are going to get banged up anyway. I would just leave them be, I told myself. A lot of the time some wear and tear adds to the character, and sealant is not likely to deter that anyway given your daughter's application.
I mainly use my coasters with cold and noticed that the water pooling did cause some damage. It seems hot might cause an indent or melt. :-/
IT works for me.I use it with acrylics too.
The description for uses mention that it can be used on porous surfaces. I would do a test on a piece of leather, like an old belt or old leather shoe ( sneakers, boat shoes).
You can write on it with pencil but it should only be applied over a thoroughly dry paint. Preferably water based. Charcoal works better. Or a soft pencil. You may need a few coats to keep pencil from breaking through surface and hitting the paint.
My experience with the spray-on Mod Podge is that it dries very fast and only leaves a thin layer on the sprayed surface. Have not seen it actually soak into any hard surface. I would say it is safe as long as it's applied on the outside a thin layer at a time (Spray first layer, let dry, then second and so on....). Most acrylic sealers are nontoxic. Hope this helps!
Honestly, I just use shellac because it's waterproof.
I've tried it, but I prefer shellac.
If you just want to waterproof wallpaper I would recommend Scotch Guard or an artist product which they use to protect their finished project.
sock yarn, 1 or 2 weight
Your cast on stitches are determined by the size of socks you're making. Your pattern should tell you the number to cast on and you can adjust it accordingly. Just make sure that you cast on according to what corresponds with your pattern. For example if your pattern is a multiple of 4 then you don't want to add 1, 2 or 3 stitches. You'll need to add or subtract 4 stitches at a time to follow the design pattern so it works out or the socks won't look like you're expecting them to. Always keep a notebook of changes you've made and patterns you've changed including the book it was in, page number and yarn you used. Then you're ready to make another pair without too much trouble. I have 2 looms and work on each one a row or two at a time using row counters that are numbered with a Sharpie 1 and 2, and the looms are marked 1 and 2 on the bottom. Well worth the cost of another sock loom. Never have to make that dreaded "other sock" because the pair is done at the same time. YouTube has tons of videos on loom knitting socks that are very helpful!
The sock loom that I have is adjustable. The loom is a long rectangle with a short 5-peg bar across the center which is movable, when the tension wing nut is loosened. Mine came with an informational DVD. I also purchased a beginner's guide called "Loom Knitting Socks" I found the book a little vague in directions, but a good reference when it was not convent to use the DVD. The gauge of the loom is fixed, but the gauge of the socks can be adjusted by the type of yarn used and the number of stitches cast on the loom. Hope this helps.
Yes, in comparison to the round plastic ones this is fairly small. It's funny, I am wearing a pair of socks right now that I made on my loom. I know opinions and experiences wary, but I love it. It does come with a dvd which I think is very helpful. There are also videos on youtube, just type in "knitting loom". Hope this helps.
The sock loom can be configured in several ways - it comes with a small piece that adjusts the size inside the 'loop' If you look up the 'Authentic Knitting..." loom online there are several images of different configurations that may help you visualize.
Hi, sock yarn (very fine) 2 for ladies average size. I don't know about thicker yarn sorry.
I have only used it on canvas,but if it adheres to canvas that has been painted in layers of acrylic paint,which has plastic in it,I would think that it would . I would test it out a small surface first,just to make sure.
I would test a small area first,just to make sure. I have not actually used this particular brand on my drawings, but have used another similar product on pencil drawings,and that worked fine. I would worry that in any art work done in marker the colors may end up bleeding into each from the initial moisture of the spray. Maybe try a test piece first and do several light layers of the spray if the test works.
In my own personal experience I find it works better if you wait until the paint has cured. I use decoart gloss enamels when I paint on glass.
Hi Tammy - I use this product on ALL of my paper art, Quilling. It's an excellent product available in a shiny finish or matte finish. Just make sure that you don't saturate the paper. Cover the entire piece in 1 or 2 quick sprays and allow to dry. If needed, do a third pass. I hope this helps
I don't know for certain, but I used it on tiles with alcohol ink designs on them that had dried/cured for over 24 hours and it made the designs run a LOT.
Yes
I have not used it on something that you would serve food on, and would not. It is very difficult to remove this from my hands, when washing them after using this product. I hope that this is helpful.
They are cheap but small - i use Krylon triple thick clear glaze really much better and faster to dry
I doubt it. It's designed to seal solid objects, like a statue or bowl.
I used this on a coaster project. I've used mod podge to adhere paper to a tile, covered in 3 coats of mod podge and then used the spray to seal it all. It's worked great for my project, but I have not actually sprayed onto plain paper, not already covered by a product.
Not sure what you'd be using this on a car seat for, but this is made more for surfaces that AREN'T flexible. I think it would begin flaking, and if this is for a child's car seat, definitely NOT a good product to use. If this is for fabric, try using a water repellent spray made for fabrics instead.
Hello, I use to build model cars (amt) many years ago and I think that it will work.Last year I purchased a large Frog decal from Amazon that the paint could not be in contact with any type of moisture.Well the decal was for the bathroom and would have been in contact with moisture every day.I purchased this lacquer...gave the decal a few lite coats and the Frog remains in perfect condition,paint remains perfect and intact.This spray dries very quickly,just spray the model evenly (as you already know),let it dry,apply 2nd coat.There is a good possibility it may not require a 2nd coat! I Hope that this helps You.
Sure
It would make it water resistant- not waterproof. You might want to test it out on something unimportant first, to see if it runs. I also suggest that you spray lightly in several coats, and keep the nozzle of the can at least 12" away from the surface of the test print to prevent drips and runs from the spray pressure. You might also want to give the back of the print two or more coats to help prevent seepage in case it does get wet! That being said, there are photo paper out there that have a coating already on the paper that prevents water damage- last time i saw this photo paper was at Best Buy- you might want to check it out before using the spray. :)
No- this is not a product that will last outdoors on concrete. Get the sealer. Done right the first time is cheaper than doing it over..lol!
I would think it would provide a measure of protection from moisture to the surface upon which it was applied. However, the reverse surface would be susceptible to moisture. keep in mind that sunlight can do as much harm as water. I don't believe this product claims to protect from uva/uvb light.
It dries matte, though you can tell the project has a slight sheen to it. Not shiny, but if you look at the project (in my case, quilling paper) before and after spraying, you can tell the sprayed project isn't as 'dull' as it was before spraying.
I do not see why not.I have applied it to a water-color decal that I placed on a wall in My bathroom.This decal was not to be put in a in any humid area.I purchased this spray and first gave it a quick light coat,followed by two added coats,which hardly used up any amount.Well the sprayed decal was put up over one year ago...and You know how steamy a hot shower can be! The decal is like it was when purchased,colors are still bright and water or humanity has not "penetrated" the water-coloring.Just read the directions and let the 1st coat be light.
Yes
Yes
No. I could not use this on my cricut. It was a great stencil for regular exacto knife cutting.
Many types of acetate have done the job for me when airbrushing. May I also recommend a handy little tool ~ a hole punch. Create multiple holes in your stencil near the edge after you cut out your pattern. Then cover the holes with masking tape. Press the stencil over your fabric, car body or canvas. The mini areas of tape will hold the stencil in place. Spray away!
not clear, but white opaque.
Yes, I use the stencil with my electric cutter
I suppose you could. I wash mine with Dawn and hot water after the paint had dried on them and if that came off, it would be easy to get food stuff off. This stuff is very much like thin flexible cutting boards you can buy and wash in the dishwasher. It's thick enough to hold it's shape very well. I don't know if that answers your question or not.
Yes
18.1 x 10 inches
It is thick enough to hold it's shape well after cutting out a lot of material. It's not very easy to cut unless you have a very sharp exacto knife and strong hands. I have strong hands but the fingers on my right hand ached for days after cutting out a bunch of intricate designs.
Yes, there are stick on emblems that say Bride and Groom, Bride's mother/father, Bride's family etc. You could remove this whole sheet of stick-ons. The paper and other items are neutral.
It is mostly ivory, with silver (and a little bit of white) scrolls. It is really pretty.
No it does not.
It comes with sheets of paper that you slide into plastic sleeves. You can by and add more pages if you want.
The answer is yes I buy this and I make like a gift for my parents with picture and everithing and I was able to expand with refil sheets
It is lined with paper.
The boxes are made from a thick cardboard. I used Scraperfect Best Glue Ever which worked fine, but I should think any regular paper glue would be OK. You'll need something stronger for the MDF shelves if you want to glue them before painting.
depends on if you paint it or paper, it took about an hour or so to glue boxes up and once frame painted only about an hour to glue together. Much more time on the decorating of the boxes. Was well worth it though!!
Each drawer is approximately 1.5" x 1.5" x 1.5" ... and 1.5" deep too. So they are pretty much 1.5" cubes ;) You can fit small candies or small Lego pieces. I usually divvy up a Lego set and then they build a little bit of it each day. Larger Lego pieces are set aside in a bowl. Hope this helps!
Hi! I am getting ready to make mine and plan on putting scratch off tickets that I make (got instructions on Pinterest) for fun things to do each day! Play a board game, build Legos as high as we can, etc!
Michael's and Hobby Lobby's have small, favor-type items in their holiday and parties sections. Also, we used to put a piece of candy behind each door for each person in the family, and we'd take turns opening the doors and giving everyone their "surprise".
Product Dimensions: 17.2 x 16.8 x 5 inches ; 4.2 pounds
Yes it did and you can make them as wide as needed.
ArtBin 6981AB has an open bin (large area) for the main base, while the main bottom bin for the 6982AB can be compartmentalized like the lid area (Top tray and base both have fixed and removable dividers.) Hope that makes sense.
Yea because you can move the slots and make them bigger or smaller i got it for sewing purposes.
The Top Bin as well as both of the folding side bins are 1 1/4" deep. The Bottom Bin is 4" deep. However the top bin rests inside the bottom bin when closed, giving you 3" of usable depth when closed.
Had to look that up lol! I think the loom will work with the upper area with the small compartments. You can somewhat customize the size of the compartments to your needs. They fit my stickers rather well... But you might want to cover the compartment area with a thin towel or fabric since the space between the cover to the compartments can jumble them up a bit when you are moving the art bin or have it standing up. Hope that helps!
Hi Amanda, It will definitely fit 12X12 paper with additional sections for findings and embellishments etc
Not. The box have smaller or bigger sections. No one for 12x12 paper or like it.
Some small pieces might shift out of the compartments - but i didn't have much issues with items tumbling. If your case is not filled up there will be shifting but it should hold in its general place.
Yes, there are enough dividers to fill in every slot.
I would only surface clean by hand. If you placed them in the washer, I think you'd have a problem of possible folding/bunching. But they may do fine in a delicate wash and lay flat dry. Just my thoughts, I've only surfaced cleaned the finished product.
Yes it can be cut, with no problems.
you need six yards in total. I used 3 yards of one and 3 yards of a contrasting. I also rounded the corners and the bumpers look great. The package gives you instructions.
I purchased a separate patter for the bumpers and I don't remember the amount. As I recall there were directions on the package for making. If not I am sure you could find directions and fabric amounts online.
The length is in two pieces. So all 6 pieces are the same length. Two for each side, one for the head and foot
They are cut at 90degrees, but can easily be rounded if you prefer.
The foam is firm, but has a "sink into it" quality in my opinion. I used it as deck seating cushions, and just used it replace a bench cushion. It is very comfortable for seating, has just enough give.
I never did find out the density. But when the item arrived, the item was not the correct width. It was ALMOST as wide as they said, at one end and the other end was a couple inches shy of the right width. I sent the foam back for refund.
that is what I use it for. I covered it with outdoor fabric and use it as a cushion for a deck box. Keep in mind, it is VERY dense Not cushy at all
Yes it can be, but I don't know if I'd use 4 inch thick foam....especially if you are going to tuft it. I'm using this foam for patio chair cushions. I have used a 2 inch HDF for a headboard. Picture here. http://www.4shared.com/photo/0PzCPya7ce/headboard_018.html
It does not, we have not found a economical way to ship a 6 inch through our shipping services. We could split the order into two pieces for you if that would work
It does not state that it is fire retardant. In my experience it would state that if it was and would far more costly.
I'm sorry but we do not offer samples of our foams. You can purchase a small piece of foam before you purchase a larger foam.
I think it'd be a lot of fun in a car. Obviously do not let it get wet.
I guess it could, very good quality foam, I cut mine with an electric knife and it took time because of the quality but the foam holds up extremely well.
I used a razor blade and serrated knife. I had someone hold it while I cut.
If your ink sinks, try these things: Use distilled water in a tray that has been wiped clean but not washed in soapy water. Cover and shake the ink bottle, drip 5 drops into a small dish. Add two drops of distilled water and one very small drop of dish detergent (I used Dawn). Mix with your brush and pick up a small amount of this blend. Put just the very tip of the brush on the surface of the water, no more than an eighth of an inch. The more paint you have on the brush and the longer you leave the brush on the water the further the pigment will spread on the surface. In another paint well, use 3 drops of water and one drop of detergent. Alternate touches of pigment with touches of soapy water on another paint brush and you will have distinct rings. Clean dust and pigment off your water bath between prints with strips of paper drawn across the surface.
I really don't see why not. But as in my review the colors were a bit bland. A sample of a TRUE marbling kit would be called the 'maribu easymarble' but you'd have to pay overseas prices to get it shipped here.
Most marbling instructions recommend unsized paper. Sizing is a starch or gelatin-like coating that is applied to the surface of some papers to make it less absorbent, so the pigment sits on the surface of the paper. Unsized paper is more absorbent, so the pigment is pulled beneath the surface. Many art papers come in both sized and unsized. It can be tedious finding out whether paper is sized/unsized, but there are a lot of people who sell or use paper who can tell you if a paper is sized or unsized. Once you get in that loop, you can find lots of affordable choices, including 'everyday' papers. A google search for sized/unsized works best if you use the name of a specific paper. I've found a lot of information about various art materials by googling my question followed by 'forum' or 'message board' - I've found many good to-the-point discussions that way. Also, watercolor and printmaking books sometimes have detailed sections about absorbency and sizing. You can also remove all or most of sizing from heavier papers, like watercolor paper, by wiping a damp sponge across the surface, then allowing it to dry.
If you lay a paper towel on top of the water it will soak up any leftover ink. Then I just dump and wash like any other pan.
Yes, I've seen demonstrations but haven't done it myself. However, it isn't permanent so it'll wash out. You have to soak it in Jacquard.
I did the marbling in a plastic container and there were no stains... if there were any residue it was easily removed with dish soap. When you add the paint to the floatie (the small white round cardboard that comes in the kit), the paint floats on the water surface. So there is minimal contact between the paint and the container... i will suggest you try a spot in your bath tub and see if you can remove it.. or use a sterilite kind of storage tote...
I did it several times in a large plastic tub and it did not stain. I'm pretty confident that it will not stain the bathtub either.
There's a very nice little book called "Suminagashi: The Japanese Art of Marbling : A Practical Guide" by Anne Chambers and Akira Kurosaki that tells you pretty much everything you need to know about how to do it. The Innovation Marbling Kit contains inks. You'll need to experiment with papers to find the ones that take the ink impression off the water best, and it takes a little practice to float the ink, but it's a fun craft.
No, it needs the bracket
This item is just the pull tab portion of the zipper. If your zipper is otherwise intact and operational and just missing the tab portion, it will work on most medium to large zippers such as those on coats, boots, bags, etc. In my opinion, it is not for the small zippers. I don't recall if it had zipper sizing info. Hope this helps.
Metal
It is strong enough for luggage.
No, all it replaces is the handle...take a look at ZildsOn or YKK which might be more helpful. Jack
It will probably 'fit' but I wouldn't consider it a dress zipper. Too big and more industrial style, my opinion. Hope it helps
I believe the size on a zipper is related to the Teeth. This is not to replace the whole slide piece. It is just the pull tab thingy. It should fit any zipper but the zipper must still have the slide part attached. this just fits through the hole on the slide thingy.
the pull tab is about 1" x 1/4". there is a loop portion that goes into the zipper slide which is another 1/4" or so.
Vegetable or bark tanned cow are the best for making a strop used without polishing/buffing compound. If you use a compound the leather is only a there to hold the buffing compound is is not as critical, MDF, old jeans, anything that will hold the compound will work. However, if you plan to make strops you might as well get cow hide as you can make strops for use with and without the buffing compound. Check http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6ykVzL2VAM#t=51s for a good video on sharpening, time set to the strop information.
I think it would probably work well, it's not ultra thick, but did have nice stability. If you have any embossing/burning it should hold the design nicely. The price was pretty good, which is always a bonus when costuming.
Yes . My piece was pretty thick but could be molded for a sheath
I don't have a cricuit so I don't know its limits...I use a dewalt straight edge blade cutter to cut this. I think a cricuit has a paper thickness limit? I would not recommend trying to use it on this leather. It is about 1/16th inch thick and it is a nice leather that I use to make my own version of midori travelers notebooks and its a durable leather on its own for covering my booklets...I dont add anything to this leather I cut it and fit it around the books and call it good....It has aged well and protected my booklets everyday.
It should be a piece about 2 to 4 oz about 12 x 24. But would use leather with one side sooth. The leather has two rough sides which is not good for motorcycle seat.
I think it is a little him. A cover yes, but it is also fuzzy. Price is good, just right for an experiment. Good luck.
All leather is made with chemicals in the tanning process; not sure exactly what you are looking for.
This is not flexible leather. It's pretty rigid. More for belts or shoe soles than clothing.
It's thin and soft. My Grandson uses rhe piece I got as a lap pad for knapping stones. It might serve your purpose .
It is thin enough to use for book cover material, but the finish is rough so it would feel gritty.
I received my set a few weeks ago and looking back I'm surprised I bought it without it having the sizes listed. Here they are: 1/4" 3/8" 1/2" 5/8" 3/4" 7/8" 1" 1-1/4" 1-1/2"
total of 10" in. the chisels themselves minus the neck is about 4 1/8" inches.
From smallest to largest ... 1/4, 3/8, 1/2, 5/8, 3/4, 7/8, 1, 1-1/4, 1-1/2.
They are made in china. Do not buy these chisels. Buy Lie Nielsen instead
You iron it on to support the fabric and to stop it from shifting during the embroidery or monogramming. Once you are finished then you reiron to allow you to be able to pull the stabilizer away from the fabric, cut and then reiron to fuse it together again. Makes your work look real good without puckers.
with a high heat iron
Yes it is fusible and then when you are done you can pull it up (I recommend running an iron on it with steam, it makes it come up easier) and then cut around your design.
Yes. It's usually used in addition to tear away, which is hooped, and this is fused to the material, usually clothing. Then you float/pin the material/shirt to the hooped stabilizer and embroider your project as usual. It is used to prevent material from stretching and puckering in a different way than cut away or tear away do. I hope that helps without being too confusing...
I iron on Tender Touch by Solvy to the inside after it's been stitched
I cut a piece bigger than my design and lightly iron it on the back. I then mark the cross lines on the back and hoop a piece of tear away and draw line on it and then match the two up and pin in the corners. I then baste the design when I get it to my machine and use light water soluable on the top if it is a knit.
I have not had a problem like this.
You can. .either use it alone or with another stabilizer depending upon what material you are working with
I think so.
The only time I have used this so far, I had a facing which covered the embroidery.
I would baste it on. The adhesive spray may effect your embroidery. It is not an iron on product.
No. It is not meant for top stabilization in machine embroidery. It is used mostly for "no show" as its name applies when using fabrics that are sheer or thin because regular stabilizers would show through to the front. It (no show) has a pattern weave that makes it camouflaged so it doesn't show through.
I usually spray it with spray adhesive and attach to the inside of a T-shirt before hooping. Hoop the T-shirt and begin embroidering. Much nicer results with mesh than with tearaway on knits and tshirts.
No. The product should say on the packing if it is fusible. It is heat activated to make it fuse behind a fabric. A product called, Stabile stick by OESD, has a stickey back side. This product is not "self fusible".
Yes; as long as you are able to apply heat to your hand work. Be aware of any colors in your work that might bleed.
They definitely helped my students. By blocking out the white paper, my students were better able to focus on the words. I also cut the sheets into smaller sizes, so they could use them to follow along with what we were reading. I was also better able to tell where my students were struggling (especially my dyslexic student). My students even admitted that it helped and would grab a sheet whenever we were getting ready to read.
I don't see why not. Just put it over your kindle screen.
The sheets are sturdy and I find the colors are dark. Hope this helps.
I don't really understand the question. These are see through overlay sheets that you put on the page of a book. I don't know if they would work on a Kindle. They do make a difference for some readers who have trouble seeing the printed word on a page. Magenta was the most needed color, but green and others help, too. It depends on the reader. I was a Reading Specialist and learned about them at a reading convention. I tried to use many different things for the varied reading styles.
The item arrived in an unmarked package, no instructions on uses. There is nothing to indicate that you can, or can't print on it, but I guess that depends on how much you like your printer if you go for a test run. It feels just like a regular transparency.
No - they are a thick transparency that we use to help our son with reading
They are flexible, but I don't know how well they'd work in sewing projects. You'd have to try it and see.
There are 8 sheets to a package. I used these when I was teaching. I worked with students who had trouble reading and this was an excellent way to help them focus. My high school students really liked them since it cut down on the glare of white paper and it didn't seem as intimidating to them. I used both full sheets and I cut them in half.
They came in red green yellow and blue
I don't think that they would hold up to the weather at all. They are simply meant to place over a page and help someone read more easily.
No this software is just a editing software not a digitizing software. You would need the digitize and stitch software.
Sorry I can't answer your question but I never really used this and bought the 6D Embroidery software.
I'm not at home right now,but I believe the personlize and stitch has letter in different fonts and the edit and stitch does not.
Sorry I can't answer your question. Gave this program to my sister. I have the 6D Embroidery Premier program
Sorry I cannot answer your question. I wasn't pleased with its limitations and having to buy more software and wound up buying the 6-D Embroidery Premier software
The packaging on mine says it is compatible with Singer CSD and XXX formats. Hope this helps.
I like Edit N Stitch very much very easy to use.
Yes the Edit N Stitch will work with your machine.
Yes it is what you would need to do sizing and editing.
Sorry, i don't know.
The more surface area of the knife that touches the magnetic part the stronger the hold. Sometimes knives do fall off, but that's usually when they're too close together and get disturbed when pulling off one next to them. Generally, it works very well.
Yes it does. Mine has been in place for two years or so. No problem.
The shipping weight is about 2 lbs. I wouldn't guessed it weighed that much. However, if you put 18 inches of knives on it, the weight will be more. I have had very poor luck with gluing ANYTHING to the wall that is going to have anything attached to it. And this is something I don't thing glue will do a very good job. Mine is screwed to the wall of an older mobile home and is not screwed into studs. It works great - I keep about a dozen knives on it, and it feels very secure.
The screw holes are 1 inch from each end. 16 inches apart on center .
No. Stainless steel as a rule is not magnetic
Yes, it is a good machine especially for a total beginner. Why? Because 1. It's not one of those toys going for $25.00 that breaks as soon as you plug it in, causes frustration and you end up quitting; and 2. Janome is one of the top 3 BEST sewing machine makers in the world. They stand behind their products and they do not disappoint. Very few Janomes end up in the repair shop. You want to start out with something simple so you can avoid confusion and learn the basics like I did. This machine is simple. If you have a good teacher (yeah, Youtube can be very helpful), follow the instruction manual, take your time and start with small simple projects you will do fine on this machine. This is why so many schools buy this very model for their sewing students in home ec class. This machine is white just like in the photo. It comes with a 5 pack of spare universal needles size 12 and maybe 6 spare bobbins. You should buy needles since you should change needles every project or every 4 hours of sewing time which ever comes first. Janome Brand, Organ or Schmetz flat shank are good. If you need more bobbins I would find a certified Janome dealer to buy from. Not all bobbins fit all machines. Do not use anything SINGER with this machine. And finally, make sure you buy from an authorized Janome dealer or the warranty will be void. Contact Janome for a list of dealers in your area. They have a website and FB page.
I just spoke to Janome on the telephone and they said that yes, Amazon is authorized and machines purchased through them are under the 25 year warranty.
You can purchase the walking foot specific for this machine through your certified Janome dealer. You can get a list of dealers in your area and on Amazon by going to Janome's website or Janome's Facebook page. The walking foot does not come included with this machine and yes it can sew through leather but you will need a heavy duty needle. This machine takes Schmetz and Organ and Janome needles. Does not take Singer or Brother needles.
Hi. No, not with a case, per se, but a heavy weight plastic fabric cover. You push down the spindles that hold the spools of thread and the handle turns up through a slit in the fabric. Makes it light to carry.
I purchased this machine for my daughter so that when I visited her in another state I would have something to do. I was sewing ragtime quilts for her girls. I was concerned about sewing through so many layers and might need to get a special presser foot. I did not need anything extra. not. It is a great machine!
It is just under 9 1/2" from the edge to the body frame
if you read the product description it says 15.6 lbs. its not too heavy the case is plastic not metal.
That's precisely what the manual says it does which you can download from the Janome web site."The harder you press on the control the faster it runs."
You could use SA135 Overlock Vertical Foot (it sells for $6.50) that fits this machine perfectly. It will overcast and conceal raw edges beautifuly. I use it all the time. You just need to remeber to use zig-zag stich only with the overcast foot, because straight stich will brake the needle and damage the foot.
Standard table is fine .
Bobbins are standard. Yes the typical additional feet are included ...
Yes , it appears to be easily done
Yes and yes. This link will take you to the instruction book. See page 24 for the stitches you can do . http://content.janome.com/userfiles/file/Inst%20book%202206(En_Sp_Fr).pdf
The machine works well, the real question is 'do you work well with stretch fabrics?'...
It has a standard foot mount shaft, so I imagine you could get one of the after-market walking feet available, but Janome doesn't list one as an available option for this machine.
1. I think that if the fabric is too gentle bottom seam might pucker. Use a size 11 needle for lighter fabric and guide with your hands while stitching. Also for very, very gentle fabric you may need to place soft tissue paper below the fabric. Tear away after stitching. 2. Check to see if the machine is properly threaded. If the thread slips from one of the threading locations your stitch will be imperfect. 3.Adjust the tension. Turn the knob to each number, and for each turn practice the stitch on a portion of fabric. Play around with the tension number until the bottom stitch is desirable. 4. Ensure that your thread is good quality 5. Ensure that the thread in the bottom shuttle is smoothly wound on the bobbin, and is properly pulled through the slot 6. Oil the machine, especially the plate and shuttle section. (wipe off excess oil) 7. Don't panic. If you relax your machine will. I HOPE THIS HELPS. I LOVE THIS MACHINE. IT WORKS FOR ME LIKE A CHARM.
This is a solid, basic mechanical sewing machine that is suitable for a responsible child. The main safety issue for a child is that they keep their little fingers away from the moving needle. Teach them to keep their hands flat on the fabric on either side of the needle and they should be safe. Janome apparently produced the old Kenmore machines that I owned for 30 years, so I trust their reliability.
The only speed control I know of is in the pedal and you control it with the pressure of your foot.
It weighs 18 lbs.
the machine has only been used on two layers of thick cotton and worked well.
Yes. Most certainly. I've used it for wood, linoleum and rubber blocks.
Don't know. Probably not. I used it for relief prints with some success.
Do you mean a plate without ink?
I have not used the polymer photogravure technique per say, but I have used this press for intagllio printmaking and been pleased with my results so far. I have only run two editions on this press so far. The plates that I have etched were fairly detailed but not to the extent that you acheive with polymer photogravure so I can not vouche for that. It has been perfect for my home-studio needs.
I usually hold the top with one hand and crank it with the other. I believe you can clamp it to a piece of wood using the holes on the bottom.
Yes, if u can make it work. I bought one of these . It was a piece of unusable junk--- so cheaply made that the rollers couldn't gain enough traction to roll a plate through. Save your money.
44 inches between the legs. hope that helps!
Mine only has one, also. Seems to be fine -
Have not noticed that. Maybe if pushed up on center from bottom?? But there was no wobble at all setting up or in use. I didn't get any movement from center at all. Was used on Berber carpet.
Hi Kaitlyn - According to my Jenny Craig Tanita Scale, it weighs 19.4 pounds, when folded in half for transportation. Victoria
There's one handle and it's on the side that folds.
It is really stiff initially but you simply pull the two halves on the side opposite the hinges. It does loosen up with use. I recommend laying it on the floor to do this - and extend the legs while the table is on it's top, it's much easier than after you put it on its legs. It's a great little table, i use it for my grandkids as a dining and art table at low level and for folding laundry at a higher level.
I do not know the exact weight of this table, but I am a senior with back & neck problems. It folds up compact & has a handle for carrying. I would GUESS the weight to be about 15 - 20 lbs...It is very manageable...It's a gem..
With the right cutting tool, I would imagine you could
Absolutely. The legs fold in. The table can fold in half and has a lock to keep from coming loose. It would definitely fit under a queen or double.
Laurie, I haven't used it for that purpose, yet, but I think it would be good. Maybe not ideal because it is only 24 inches wide. I have found that if I make sure the legs are locked, it is very sturdy and not at all wobbly. I would like the highest setting for cutting out patterns.
They are imprinted "Fiskars Stainless Finland" on the scissors' metal and stamped "Fiskars Finland" on the plastic handle of the scissors. These are excellent scissors - quite handy for many uses.
The baldes are not curved.
I can't say for Amazon, because the last pair I got was a few years ago. Had to give them to my grandmother so I got another from Jo-Ann (a retail chain sewing and craft store) within the past year. All the ones they had on the rack were made in Finland. So I believe Fiskars could be keeping this model Finland-made, to my great relief. Let's hope they keep it that way! I love these scissors--they're small so keep that in mind, but you can do intricate cutting and they're perfectly sharp all the way to the tip.
Total length 5inches, blade 2 3/4 inches and super sharp. They are great little scissors.
The fiscars website says 4.9". I tried to find mine to measure for you but they seem to have "walked off." Great little scissors.
Maybe 5" total
I don't have a Janome 7318, but looking at the measurements of the machine, and after measuring the Machine Tote Bag it seems to me that it would fit fine. The sewing machine measures 18.8 x 10.5 x 14.8. I measured the tote bag and it measures 18.5 x 10 x 14.0. My measurements gave a little room to stretch. Although, on another website it gives the measurements as 17 x 8 x 13. But I have the bag and it seems bigger than that. It would probably fit OK.
18.5 x 10 x 14.0
Yes, it is very roomy
Unfortunately I gave it as a gift. The recipient was very happy with it said it fit her older Janome, but I don't know which one it was.
I have a Janome #DC4030. My Machine just fits. The Label with my Hemline Bag states Measurements as 17L x 8W x 13H. I hope this info helps
No. The color in the picture looks vibrant & pretty, but when it came I was disappointed at how dark & dull it looks. After using for a while I donated it to a friend, I just felt like I was carrying my grandma's sewing machine bag from the 70s. The floral design looks too outdated in this modern times. The company should consider bringing the design up to date.
Yes, it is made in China (where else?)
I don't remember but it was large enough to hold my daughter-in-law's Elna--a large sewing machine--with room to spare.
I was very disappointed with this software and tossed it. I can't answer your question. I've wasted a lot of $$$ buying cheap and not so cheap software that promises great results but I ended up with poor quality results. I've been using Stitch ERA Universal, its been free to use online but that will stop in December, and one of their options is to buy a subscription for monthly use. If I need to scan anything, I use CorelDraw and import it into Stitch Era. I'm happy with the results and they've been professional quality. Good Luck!
Yes. You can create designs or edit designs that you purchase on your computer and save as a file type compatible with your embroidery machine. I use DST. I have a Brother Machine that I connect to my computer and upload the file to the machine using the cord that came with the machine.
Hello. I actually installed it on Windows 7 and Vista. And it works fine.
Yes !!
This software creates 2 types of files: DST and PPL. If your machine can read one of those, or you can convert from them to ART, then this may be helpful. My machine uses PES files. I can create new designs, or add to / delete from existing designs with this software, but I haven't figured out how to import a picture and create a pattern from it yet. I think the lines have to be redrawn, and I'm not good at that yet.
You cannot. You save work to disc then insert disc into sewing machine.
I was not able to make the software function to do anything useful at all.
I'm not sure
Hi Sharron, yes embroidery magic2 will convert to Jef, the list I seen was at Internetsalesusa.com .
I have a Juki and that is why I got this cause it was so difficult to go back and forth most of the adapters will make it to use with most bobbins, Only advice is make sure the speed is on higher end to get an even distribution on the bobbin and it makes it tighter.
I just read online...Bobbins that do NOT fit are: Husqvarna Viking machines that use the 412 09 75-45 Sure Fit bobbins, Designer SE, Designer I, Quilt Designer II, Quilt Designer, Platinum, Interlude, Rose, Prelude, Daisy, Orchidea #1, Prisma, Optima, Classica, Huskylock, Singer Centaur II, Futura, and Pfaff Creative Vision. Hope this helps, I know nothing about Viking machines, I use Pfaff.
Don' know for sure but it has several adaptor for different size shafts
I believe it would do this. It says it can accommodate several sizes.
Don't know for sure but it has 3 different sized post for different bobbins.
I assume that it will because it comes with several adapters for different sized bobbin.
I would think it would work with all bobbins. it has been a wonderful tool for me. Gloria
I wind Janome bobbins all the time. It works with most machines. There are different sized spindles for different machines.
I haven't tried any elastic thread, so I really don't know if it can or not.
This is for a display. I bought this to use as a display in the store.
Yes, you should have a knob under the doll to tighten it to the pole. I
sa
It is pinnable but sideways only, you cannot pin directly into it.
It has a rounded rear.
It 's for a petite size 0 or 2.
No, I wouldn't compare this to mulberry paper. It's more like tissue paper.
Yes, it bleeds and shreds. Not the best paper I've used.
NO. this paper is for Japanese/Chinese brush painting. I use photo paper for marbling.
Not at all, this one is just to paint, but look at Easy Bake edible rice here on Amazon if you want edible rice paper.
It may look nice with etching printmaking, but it does ripple easily with too much moisture.
Yes
I haven't made any myself, but own a few traditional prints, and the paper is completely different. From what I've seen of the block printing process this paper would be far too flimsy. If you're lucky it might hold up. Washi paper would be far better for block printing. Try this: http://www.amazon.com/Shoji-Paper-Rice-Fibers-6MMU/dp/B0006PYKFK/ref=pd_sbs_ac_3?ie=UTF8&refRID=1WVZ3FKGHDA4N3D74Z7P I have a roll of this mulberry paper from Yasutomo. It's thick sturdy, and feels the same as the paper used on the prints I own.
8 1/2 by 11, roughly
9.5"X13"
Smooth
It does include all 4 of the mannequins.
Yes, i bought them for that purpose for my wife.
Off white
Sorry, our size is from 6 mo, 1/2T, 3/4T and 6/8T. It includes everything like in the picture.
I don't see why it wouldn't. I believe that the PE 500 takes the same thread as the PE 770, which is what I have and the thread spools work perfectly. If you haven't purchased any sets of thread yet, this is the PERFECT starter set, as it has every color on the Brother color list (with the same color numbers). You can then buy extras of the colors that you use the most (e.g., black). I considered this an excellent buy!!
Yes it will
I'm sure you will love this thread. Vibrant colors, no breakage, works for all Disney patterns. I will buy it again
I went to Brother on my side web site then went to their thread colors available page.
Not sure but the rack is poor quality. Mine came broke.
I am sorry to say I do not have nor have I seen your Brother 270D. These threads are on a 1100 yard mini-king spool. They are much shorter than a A/R, Madera, or Marathon spool, but they are fatter. The threads stitch very good. I suggest you call a local Brother dealer as they should know for sure or call Brother customer service. These threads are color coded exactly like Brother threads. I have a Quattro 6700 and the colors are loaded in the data base for cross reference. They are a good deal with the spool rack. I take this set out to sew all the Disney built in designs. Good luck
Jess, I can't tell you what the 61st color is. The thread comes shipped in a box not already on the rack, so it is difficult to say which thread is considered the extra. If I had to guess I would say it is a spool of black thread, but that is a big guess.
I love these threads. My dealer was amazed at the shine!
Maybe conversion chart vs. conversation chart, spell check is a wonderful tool, but sometimes....
No, also the quality is uneven, some good, some not so good
They're 2 1/4 h X 1 1/2 w.
Polyester, but overall quality is not good, some spools very good, other spools shred easily causing/needing restarts.
Ours didn't.
Yes
it probably can but it won't hold as well because it is a lighter weight and will break. I would not use it for regular sewing.
No, I did not receive a color chart. There are color numbers on the bottom of the spools but once you open them the paper falls off and I can't keep it with the spool anymore. But the thread is great!
Yes. They are te same.
I wrote to the person I purchased my thread from and they sent me a program..it is Kolors Threads Color Match by MyThreadBox
I contacted the company after I received the spools and asked for a color list. They provided one in Excel format which I then printed for my daily use. When I embroidery I often have to choose a spool that's closest to the color requested in the pattern.
I did not receive one when I ordered it 11 months ago
When I received it there was no sheet. Just color number stickers on them. When you use one to wind a bobbin you have to move the sticker is my only complaint.
No, the spool rack is not included, but you do get a LOT of various colors for embroidery thread at a great price. (And, the thread is actually pretty good, vivid color, nice gloss, good coverage).
The spools I received came in cardboard trays stacked in the shipping box. Each spool was individually sealed in plastic. It did not come with the thread holder that is shown in the picture. to keep mine dust free, I store mine in plastic stackable drawers that I bought at Walmart.
I don't know that it corresponds to any particular brand. I typically hand select my colors rather than using the prescribed color charts - with this many colors a lot of them are very close in shade and difficult to distinguish. It sews up nicely though and I haven't had any problems with breakage, etc.,.
The thread package does not say specifically. However, the colors and numbers all match the marathon color chart found at marathonthread dot com slash polyester dot htm and also at the same web site at slash Isacord_to_Marathon dot htm I found a color conversion chart. I figure if it quacks like a duck and looks like a duck it probably is a duck....
no- there is no chart that comes with all these wonderful spools of thread. I sat down when they came and sorted them by color familys. I keep them in drawers that way. I have also used many of them. they are wonderful colors and sew so nicely. Here is a link to a website that show a coversion chart for the thread numbers - &lt;&lt; http://threadchart.info/threadchart.php?f=MARTHPE5 &gt;&gt; I hope this helps.
Yes it will
From my measurements they are 2 3/16" tall. Or roughly 2 1/8- 2 1/4".
I believe it has 1,100 yards per spool. The thread is beautiful.
5 00 meters approx. 1650 feet or 546 yards. Thread is on the thin side and some spools are hard to start because of the way they were wound. .. but I have had no problems with the thread breaking. Just make sure you use embroidery bobbin thread
They work great on my brothers machine. I have really been impressed with the quality
My set was truly 260 different colors, no duplicates.
Yes. Most of the colors split and break all the time. It's not a good quality thread. Watch out for pieces of it going into the bobbin too.
Yes we sell individuals
The rack is not included. We dont sell the racks.
Did you email the seller? Because this question is going to people who purchased the thread, not to the seller. We can't answer about the return policy, only the seller can do that.
These spools do not include a color name or color chart with names. The spools include only a color number. You may want to contact the manufacturer to see if they have a color guide with names.
I am going to say they all have there own color chart but I am not sure of that. The tread that I bought said Brother that is why I bought it but Brother has there own thread line they want you to use I have not had any problems I do clean my machine all the time so I feel that it would not make that much of a difference as to the color I dont see the difference except for the numbers. I would purchase this again.
I have a Ruby. I have had good luck with some but the yellows and oranges seem to break easy. I ended spending the money on good thread for bigger projects.
You can buy single spools of this thread at threadsingles.com
Embroidex
Hello, I have used the thread on my Vicking. These are NOT high quality. Some of the colors break easy or split while embroidering. Not all of them, but enough to be annoying. To use I have to set the speed of the machine to the lowest speed and keep a close eye on it.
approximately 4 yds
Wire comes in three hardness values, hard, half hard, and soft. I use soft primarily in my projects. This applies to round, square and half round wire. I use half hard square and half round bronze wire to add strength to certain projects. Experiment with the wire, until you find the hardness that fits your needs.
Check with the seller, but I think it was 4 yards.
There's a step by step guide in the disc as well. It took me a couple of hours to figure it out. Make sure you don't already have a wacom driver installed in your computer or it won't work. Also try live chat with their customer service at monoprice. They're friendly and was pretty helpful.
this tablet is perfect then the monoprice 10x6.25 inches graphic drawing tablet its has a large screen and takes alot to break it i think it would be perfect for you
The cd contains drivers for mac and windows, and the main application, where you can bind the icons on the tablet to your existing programs.. like firefox as your main web browser and so. amazing product, really amazing.
It works in Windows 8 on my computer.
Connected to the computer. You will see what you are drawing on the computer screen
I'm pretty sure you can get around that by downloading the driver directly. Try doing a search for them. The tablet will work plug and play, but with fewer features I think. I actually downloads some Wacom drivers too, based on something I read on a forum. Short answer-- it shouldn't be a problem.
No, you cannot. This is just a pen tablet that needs to connect to a computer to use. It does not have a screen on it, just a touchpad that the pen uses. You may be thinking of the new Wacom Cintiq Companion and Companion Hybrids tablets, that have an actual screen that reacts to a pen and can save images off the computer (they are actual tablet computers, sort of like iPads, only with the sensitivity of the Cintiq series so you can make art on them). Hope that helps!
Unfortunately the answer to your question is "No". The pen is a device with a battery which is required for communication with the tablet.
No, but what do you expect for 50$
Pen comes with it. Just need a AA battery for the pen
The package says paper, but it is thick...about the same as cardstock. I hope this helps...I LOVE this paper and have a number ot the K&Company paper pads.
Yes it is because it's like two sheets of paper together. It's not as heavy as Kraft paper and I have used that for some cards. Basically I have used this paper for Spellbinders Dies and cut three or four parts from the doubled sided paper and alternated them when I put them together. Also stamped flowers on it and alternated the sides as they blend well. I really like this also for small boxes so the inside is also decorated with something other than white.
It's too thick for origami (cranes, ball, flowers, etc) but if you're making paper boxes it has the perfect thickness.
This is not as stiff as cardstock, and I.m not sure what you intend, but paper is stiff enough to fold nicely and retain its shape. Hope this helps!
My Singer sewing machine require class 15J bobbins and these work great in it!
No the bobbins are empty. But the case is very nice and the bobbins fit in well.
Outside demensions are 4" x 7". Inside demensions are 3 and 1/4" x 6 and 7/8" . Depth is 1 and 3/8" outside. Hope this helps.
I have no idea as I'm not an owner of that model Singer machine. I have used these bobbins in the two very old Singer sewing machines that I own besides the new machine that I bought for the ease of changing stitches and presser feet (although for straight stitching, nothing beats an old Singer -- 60 years or older).
I bought these bobbins for a Viking 600E Embroidery Machine and I later found out my Viking was really a Singer Futura and it was sold to me at double the price but the bobbins work great and are of high quality. The Bobbin case you would be hard pressed to find any bobbin case like it anywhere with that much style and of such high quality. I would buy it again and I would recommend it to everyone I see. If it turns out not to be what you wanted then, send it back. But, you won't be disappointed.
No they will not work. You need a class 66 bobbin.
It fits our Gem Gold Plus that is on the compatibility list for this Item. Maybe you should contact Janome to see which sewing table is compatible with your machine.
Sorry, but I am not sure. The dimensions of the table are as follows: 11 1/4" wide x 15" long. Opening for the free arm are: 6 3/4" long x 4 1/4 wide. Not sure if this would work for your machine To be certain and save yourself returns, contacting the seller as they are very helpful. Hope this was helpful. Good luck.
The feet are slightly adjustable to correct for uneven surface. Otherwise, I don't know. Have you tried the dealer.
Sorry, but I want to know the same thing. Let me know if someone answers your question.
Yes
I have used this on my hd3000 and it works great. I don't know if it works on your model.
Best foot made for quilting.A janome is what I use it on
I don't own a janome gem but I believe this foot will work on any Janome Sewing Machine.
Yes
Not sure. I have a Magnolia sewing machine. I would call and check with a sewing machine dealers in your area and find out the sku# . That's what I did and the walking foot I bought from Amazon fits perfect.
Yes.
It's supposed to fit all Janome machines, at least that's the impression I was under.
You will need to research to discover if your machine is a LOW SHANK or HIGH SHANK machine. IF your machine is a LOW SHANK machine this walking foot WILL fit. IF it is NOT a LOW SHANK machine it will NOT fit. You probably should email Janome customer service and ask about your machine. Hope this helps.
Most sewing machine feet have 1 bar or pin that snaps the foot onto the presser foot holder of the machine. This Janome gathering foot has 2 bars. One just behind the needle hole (front bar) and one that lines up with the back edge of the foot (back bar). You have to put the back bar on first. Raise the presser foot holder with the lever. If you look at it from the side, you will see a little piece of metal with a slot in it sticking out of the back of the presser foot holder. Put the back bar of the foot in that little slot and push the foot towards the front of the machine until the bar snaps into the slot. You have to push on it pretty firmly on a new machine. Lower the presser foot holder and it will snap over the front bar of the foot by itself. If the back bar isn't snapped into the slot, the front bar won't line up with the presser foot holder when you lower it and it will seem like the foot doesn't fit your machine. If you try to snap the front bar of the foot on first, it doesn't work. Janome's instructions fail to tell you that the back bar has to "snap" into the slot. To remove the foot. Raise the presser foot holder with the lever. Push down on the front of the foot to disengage the front bar. Then push the foot backwards and the back bar will snap out of the slot. Please be aware, the foot usually goes flying backwards when it comes off. This information is for the Janome Gathering Foot #200-315-007.
I bought this foot especially for a Janome 4120QDC. From what I can tell it is like the 3160 with a little more bells and whistles. I haven't tried it yet but I remember checking it out before buying and it was compatible.
That model has a horizontal rotary hook, so yes, it will work with it. :-)
It should. I use mine on the Janome MC9500. I set my tension to 7-9 and my stitch length to 5 and it produces the most beautiful ruffles on both woven and knit fabrics. I LOVE this foot!
Hi it worked on my Janome 2250 model, also worked on my new Janome Horizon memory craft 7700 qcp. Hope this helps.
I use it on 11000 SE
All I know is that it works perfectly on my Janome 8077. Try it and see.
I looked at the skyline and the area to attach the foot looks the same as my MC3000 Janome which is now 14 years old. It is a short shank area. I would think it would fit ok.
I don't know; I have different model so you will have to ask a Janome dealer to make sure. I mean, these are pretty standard for the Janome and you can always return it if it doesn't fit. Good luck to you.
I'm not sure...I would contact the manufacturer.
For the L393, you need Part #941800000, for front loading machines. If you search on the internet for Janome and the part #, you will find several suppliers. Good Luck!
Well, I have Janome QS2250 and Horizon Memory Craft 7700 QCP, it works on both machine. I hope this helps.
Yes, it does. If you go go Janome.com and click on "machines", then your model, then "accessories", it will list all of the feet for your machine along with the part #'s. That way you can search on the part # to find what you need on Amazon.
I only know that this zipper foot works on both of Janome QS2250 and Horizon Memoty Craft 7700 QP models, no idea sbout magnolia 7318.
Yes. There aren't any buttons to push, it's just a matter of tilting your wrist to get the tape started or stopped.
Hey D, the tape is clear but is visible thru vellum. Hope this helps :)
No, once down, that's it.
I have only seen the permanent.
As far as I can see there is no info on this except that it is an updated version. I have the original and it works great if you follow instructions and very easy to use plus in the end less expensive than buying multiple throw away dispensers. So I would say don't need to deliberate too much cheaper version is very good quality.
I am not sure; it should say on the box of tape whether it would be archive safe. I make cards, so I didn't have the same needs. Good Luck Maybe ask Scotch...
It looks like it can only accomodate the 1/4" because the the winder cover will not lock and the feed winder tab is only a 1/4" high for the locking tab. It looks like it could because the roller guide is about an 1'' wide.
I'm not sure - I haven't tried. But the roller is a bit wider so possibly as long as the spool will fit.
Me gusta esta cinta es maravillosa
In two pack it included 2 packages of tape and 4 in the 4-pack of tape. It sticks good too. I really like it. Carol T
It's not strong enough. I would try E6000.
No, it does not include the gun, they used the same picture as they did for the gun which also comes with 2 rolls. The gun is about $24 which is far cheaper than the $44 at Michael's.
No these are the rolls only. i foundthe dispenser online at another store not through Amazon for $20
yes, I believe it is...... because itsticks to the item then you flip it over & it sticks to the paper....so YES it is.
The only benefit I see in buying the acid neutral is that it does not discolor your photos. If you are using it for general crafting, I don't think it matters. I don't care if what I am doing lasts for 100 years, but my kids might, so I buy the acid neutral.
I imagine you can
I have not heard anyone claim that only the gold tape is acid free. The package says that it is acid free and I have no reason to believe otherwise. I have used this tape for some time now and have not seen any ill effects from it use. In fact, it is my favorite tape for all of my scrapbooking and papercraft projects. Other brands have not held my projects well and have needed to go back and retape or glue after some time has passed. Have not had to retape or glue anything that I have used this on. Hope this helps.
No, not officially, but here's how I get around that: If I lay down a line of glue ON A HARD SURFACE and then discover that it's in the wrong place, I immediately use my fingers and roll the glue to the side, ACROSS the glue line. Example: "I I" represents the edges of the glue that you just laid down. Hold your fingers facing - (at a 90 degree angle to the glue line) and roll the glue from one side to the other. If you do that, the glue will roll into a thin line and you can take it off the hard surface. On a more pliable surface (paper, etc.) this method won't work because the paper will tear or come up with the glue. So I guess the answer is that it depends on the surface from which you want to remove it. Also, you should remove it as soon as possible because the longer it stays on the surface, the more gummy it becomes and eventually it won't lift off at all. Hope this answer helps a little. Please let me know if you need clarification.
Two rolls per pack
Uline sells the refills in bulk. Comes in a case of 12
Bought cover for 8077-don't know if 7700 fits. Nice cover--downside=no bottom. Price too high. Alright if you don't take your machine anywhere, otherwise suggest one with bottom.
There is an actual case for it. However, the case does not come with the sewing machine and must be purchased separately. I think we paid about $45.00 for it. We have it in our office area and honestly, the case just sits under the desk and is never used as the sewing machine is on its own desk.
Yes it does.
Yes I have one It is a slip over case ...no clasps so it stays on by lifting the Sewing machine handle through the opening on top
I do not know ,I bought the cover that fits the model of my machine.
It does not have a slot to hold the manual or cords but if you place the cord and foot pedal in the throat area of the sewing machine and place the manual infront, all will fit. I use this product as a cover only. I have a trolley with storage for these items.
The cover fit the machine thatIi purchased, I believe my machine is the 8077.
This is a hard case cover. It does not snap into place but merely slides over the top of the machine. There is a cut out for the handle to come up through the cover. I lug my machine to sewing class weekly and it does the job. It is also a sturdy way to keep the machine covered when not in use non the down side, because it is not soft, it cannot be folded and stowed in a small space when the machine is bein used. Hope this helps.
Chest: 22", Waist" 20", Hips: 22.5" and lengthwise from the top edge of the neck to the bottom of the torso body 16"; from the top of the shoulder to the bottom of the torso body 15"; from the top of where the arm would be to the bottom of the torso body 12";
It will be too small
This will fit 2-8
Yes-it moves up and down on the one I purchased! There is an adjustable silver bar with a screw that you can tighten.
48 inches
I use my size 3-4 to display clothes 12months to size 6 kids;) hope that helps!
S-M (0-4)
Yes, it is a piece of black ribbon and is completely removable.
38 24 34
Hi. Before ordering I looked around and I believe I found somewhere that said 1/4", but I can't figure out where I read that, nor does it state that on the product packaging. That being said, I use the foot for 1/4" cording/piping in upholstery and it works well. I think it could do a bit bigger and smaller w/o much hassle. Hope this info helps!
Don't really know bought this for my wife, Janome's website should be able to answer that for you, sorry I couldn't help you.
According to the product description, it should fit the DC3050.
It is a snap on foot so it should but it is best to check on Janome's website. www.janome.com Click on the machines tab, find your machine, then look up the accessories that will work with it.
The part number is 200-314-006.
I have a Janome MyStyle100 - not familiar with 7318 but at the store, there were two models of walking foot for Janome and which one you use depends on the position of your bobbin placement, either "horizontal" or "rotary" - mine is horizontal, meaning it lies flat below and to the front of the needle. I have another machine where the bobbin goes in a casing which installs it in a more upright position somewhat to the left of the needle - those are the ones called rotary and would use the other foot. I got mine at a fabric store that also sells sewing machines, and it was a few dollars less than ordering from Amazon - if you have a sewing machine place that sells Janome, I would ask them which walking foot you should get.
Yes - I use it on mine all the time.
Yes it back stitches nicely.
I'm sure it would. It works great with the HD1000.
Yes
The even feed foot I purchased for my Janome Platinum. It is for a short shank machine. I would to to the Janome web site or into a Janome dealer to find the answer to your question. When I was looking for my even feed foot, I put in the model and name of my machine and that's how I found mine. Good luck.
It works with a low shank, but I'm not sure about that particular model.
No
No
It fits my Janome 4623. As long as yours is Horizontal Rotary Hook I don't see why it wouldn't work.
No sorry it wont work
Amazon.com is where I've purchased machine cards for my embroidery machine. I love them.
Pes
Hello, I looked at your machine on the Brother website, and it has a USB port but not a card slot. This alphabet font card needs a card slot on your machine, or you need a card reader and the software. I have this font card and my machine (a Brother SE400) has the card slot built in. The font letter size will work on your machine, but the frame designs will not as they are sized bigger than your machine's maximum of 4"x4". Hope this helps.
No. It does not fit
No sorry it wont
No. This is not heat fusible. It's just an old fashioned white polyester quilt batting.
There is no difference to the length or width. The material can be turned around to meet your needs. I bought the king size and folded it to cover a day bed with a double layer! Worked great. Just pulled a contoured bottom sheet over and had an instant new comfy topper!
I believe the one that I bought was a Queen/King size, but I cut it up to make smaller quilts for children in the cancer hospital and was able to get 4 out of it that way. Good batting. I like it, and I found it easy to quilt using it. I hope that answers your question
every thing except the small size, which I needed.
Sorry, I added the brushes to my others and now I don't remember how many there were. It is a good selection though for this budding artist.
If you zoom in on the product image, it says Made in China, but I can't verify this is still the case
Yes, they will fit all Bernina models that use the standard size bobbins. They will not fit, however, the newer 7 & 8 series machines that use the larger jumbo size bobbins.
No
Yes . . .these bobbins fit all Bernina machines that use these type of all metal bobbins. The only machines they do not fit are the new 700 and 800 series machines that use the extra large black plastic M class bobbins.
Don't know, but they didn't work for my Artista 200. They were too tall.
Yes, they will fit all Bernina models except the newer 7&8 series Berninas which use jumbo plastic bobbins.
I am not sure about the 630, but they work splendidly in my 1090 and my daughters 1008. good Luck
Yes
These bobbins will fit your Artista.
No. They came in a plastic ziplock bag.
Questions posted here are directed toward customers who've purchased from the listing and not to the seller you purchased from. If you just popped the bobbins in the mail, addressed to your seller . . .you likely won't hear anything from the seller. To get a refund from Amazon, you must request a Return Authorization within 30 days of receiving the order. Then print the RA and enclose in the package with your returning item. Otherwise, Amazon has no way of knowing what they're receiving, the order number or who to refund.
No I don't think this would last long on the bottom of shoes
Hello, Thank you for your interest! This is like spray grip tape, if that is what you are looking for. Let us know if you need any further assistance. Thanks, Customer Service
It does work but you will have to redo it with time.....depending on traffic it may last 3 months
I used it on wood, but I think epoxy should bond to plastic.
It won't hurt the floor, but it would be uncomfortable if you walk on the floor in bare feet! Also, I would think the only way to remove it would be to sand/refinish the floor.
I'm only using it on the floor of my shower and it works very well. I reapply about every 5-6 weeks. It will certainly last for a shorter time on the running boards. The label on the can says it covers 15 square feet. Hope this helps.
I have only used it in our bathtub so I don't know about using it on wood. I'm happy with it's use in the tub. It just has to be re-sprayed about once every couple months. But it does work.
On this question,I could not give you an answer.But you could call the company for an answer
Yes
I would think it would work very well on brick. We applied it to a shower area in a recreation center which gets A LOT of use. It lasted about 9 months of constant traffic and wet conditions before we needed to apply another coat. Working great for our purpose.
Yes, they will work. I have not found any Janome needles that won't work in any Janome machine. I have yet to use another brand however.
Boy I really don't know...if you have a sewing center - not Joann's, but a place that sells sewing machines around you, call them and ask....sorry
Question is confusing
Yes
"Universal" pretty much means universal. I have used Universal needles in my Singer, Janome and Juki. They are all interchangeable. PS never - never buy a Juki!!!
This is the 1st Janome I have ever had. I don't know what any other Janome sews like. My Janome is very noisy but it sews pretty well.
The 14 are thicker needles, suitable for denim. They can leave wholes in lighter weight cottons. Denim/jeans thread is thicker too. I use 11 for most fabrics and 8-9 for lighter or more fragile fabric (silk, linings etc.) Use 11 for wools, cottons.
I had similar concerns. Organ makes needles as original equipment and replacements. They are OK to use. The larger consideration is to change needles as per factory recommendation. The tip gets rounded after hours of sewing.
Hi, I bought them to try. Since I use Singer and Schmetz needles as well in my Janome, I would think they are standard
$6.00 is for one pack of 5 needles. I do not always buy the needle with the machine name. I use Singer & Universal on my Brother, Singer, & Janome. Just FYI you can look on Craftsy, How to choose Sewing Needles: I know you did not ask for the info, however it could be useful. Hope this helps.
Unless the manual says, "Only use (blank) needles, Janone needles are made for Janome machines. I have used Janome, Dritz and Singer universal needles (size 8-14) without any issue. I have a Janome 3160QDC.
I don't know but they were much smaller than they looked in the picture... :-/
They are really small - way smaller than a normal size key.
there were like 6 and super small
I wouldn't encourage it, but it won't hurt her. I don't recommend these paints for babies because they are scented, so it just encourages them to eat the paint since they smell so good. Better for age 2 and up where you can have fun smelling and painting together.
No
Doesn't look like it. Ingredient list is: corn starch, gum Arabic, natural colors (from one if the following: fruit, vegetable, and herb pigments), and organic extracts.
It is a powder - not sure if it would separate out from the sand.
Treat it the way you would a garment that has fruit juice spilled on it. If you let it sit it may stain but if you deal with it soon after it happens you'll be ok.
I don't know we use them on paper. And as water colors, mostly.
No, soy is not in the list of ingredients. The ingredients per the label are: corn starch, gum arabic, natural colors (from fruit, vegetables and herb pigments) and organic abstracts. May also contain potassium sorbate, sodium benzoate or citric acid as preservatives.
The ingredients on the package are as follows: "gum arabic, natural colors (one or more of the following: fruit, vegetable, flower & spice pigments), and organic extracts. May also contain citric acid and maltodextrin."
I tried this colors with my one year old. She didn't eat it or anything but the paint process wasn't fun at all, since the colors are very dull. If you afraid that your LO get some paint in her mouse, just mix yogurt and food coloring.... Works great, bright colors and lots of fun.
Never tried it but don't see why not. Colors are definitely more in the watercolor range so if your looking for deep shades may not work
Inside of Hoop Measurers - 13 1/2" x 6". Hope this helps. Love my Hoop.
No it is a little bit bigger, the inside measurement are 6"x13 1/2".
Yes
no iit does not
are you sure you can use this hoop on the pe770. I bought it for the pe780D. If you can use it, then it is great for making several items of the same thing, for instance free standing lace (FSL), you position one at the lowest point and then just keep moving the hoop on your arm. This was the main reason I bought it, to save on the wasting of stabilizer. I hope this has helped you. Jeanne Stiffler
I have a Brother INNOV-IS 1500D, and am using this cap hoop with it. I like it so far, and have monogrammed about 20 hats with it. There was some trial and error at first, but I am getting good results now. I found it works better attached to my 5x7 hoop frame for me, although I believe the instructions say to use your large hoop. Hope this info helps.
It has been a while since I ordered this but yes I do believe it came with instructions. It wasn't difficult to do. Hardest part was getting it positioned on the hat correctly
No sorry it wont
I didn't clean mine since they were bright enough and I have not noticed them getting dark at all.
They are seamless. They are beautiful!
Solid.
No, It would not. The diameter of the hole in the bead is only about 0.7 mm. For leather beading try the www.Artbeads.com and go to "Beads", then "Sterling Silver Beads", then "Tube Beads". There, you will find a nice selection of beads with holes large enough for your leather to fit through. I personally have purchased the "Sterling Silver 6.5mm Filigree Cylinder Beads". I love them, they are super shiny. I think you will be very happy with this website. Also, they ship fast. I received my beads in 2-3 days from the time I ordered them. Hope this helps you. Sue
Yes.
yes, they are hollow, but very tiny. It would have to be a real tiny knot
All three, the hole is nice and smooth, and rather large for a small bead. Very nice product. I have used over 1500 of these so far and will continue using them.
No bigger than 1mm.
They are made of STEEL NOT STERLING Send them back and ask for Sterling-Silver or a REFUND_$&#9679;&#9679;&#9679;&#9679;
Yes
ten. I have tried other paint by number companies, and found the only one I am completely satisfied with is Paintworks/dimensions, or the German artist and Plaid isn't too bad., but the others are not anything like their picture.
I bought a frame with glass at A.C. Moore was a perfect fit
16x20
40.8 x 50.6 cm
Sewing machines plus has the info on their site about this foot .. Sa184 .. and your machine is listed as compatible
Yes. I use it on my Baby Lock (made by Brother), as well as my Viking. My friend uses it on her Baby Lock and her Brother sewing machines.
It should fit your Babylock with no problem, especially if it is a snap on.
I have a Brother Machine and it does fit my machine. I am out camping, so don't know my machine model at the moment. It is a 3 year old machine, a runway model of some sort, purchased at WalMart.
Yes, it fits.
It can be used were you quilt at the seams. The foot is made for top stitching near a seam. The blade can ride in the joining area of two seams. I use it as a marker for seams too. You can move your needle position and change the width of the seam. You cannot use anything but a straight stitch with it.
I wish I could advise you. I've got a Janomi, so I can only say how it works on my machine. You might want to ask a sewing machine technician (someone who fixes sewing machines) if it would work for you. Good luck!
It works on my Singer sewing machine.
metal & Smooth
The blind stitch foot is to hem up pants and skirts ect. The stitch in the ditch/edgestitch foot is top stitch close to the edge of a seam or to stitch in the ditch so the top stitching does not show.
they will work on your babylock I have a spirit and they also work great on that new machine.
What fun to be using an antique machine! I'm sure it's challenging, but worth the effort! In answer to your question, Organ sewing machine needles that I purchased are 1 1/2" long. The top 3/4" of the needle (which fits into the needle bar) is flat on one side, but the rest is rounded. I hope that this answers your question. Good luck!
Hi. The neeedles should fit your machines as long as they have a flat side in the needles. They are excellent needles for the price you pay. I hope that answered your. question. Happy sewing
Good Question! These are one of the best universal needles on the market. I have a small sewing machine shop and you would be surprised how many people use the wrong needle. This one should do a good job for us. We use them for our Brothers, Necchi, and Toyota Machines on the floor.
I believe so, as I was using Schmetz needles for my Bernina 830. The Organ needles last longer and are more an industrial needle.
Are you asking about patchwork piecing? Size 80/12 works very well for me.
Yes, they work for me. I have the same serger.
Depends. Which organ needles are you referencing? 130/705H or 15x1? If so, then yes, they will work on your slant-o-matic. The size 14 refers to the thickness of the needle, and is a great all around size for most applications. the other numbers refer to the needle system.
I'm sure they will. They are 130R705H = Most sewing requires size 80.
I don't believe these will work for topstitching due to the eye is not large enough. I use these for embroidery and normal sewing.
My wife uses these in her Brother embroidery machines without any trouble.
I have used them to sew sew lots of in the hoop quilt blocks, typically a layer of stabilizer, batting and quilters cotton all sandwiched together. They have worked beautifully stitching out tight stippling designs, appliqu and designs on these layers. I would go to a larger needle if I was working with upholstery fabric, a single layer of denim in the hoop would work but any more layers go to a bigger needle.
Yes, they are the same as a 75/11
yes , I have same machine
Depends on what material you are sewing with...size 14 is a good for most.....
These needles are the same as the needles you buy in stores. I have 2 different Brother sewing machines (SE-400 & CS-2000) and an older Singer Fashion Mate sewing machine and they fit in all of them.
I have the Janome 7700 and they work great.
yes and they work just as good as the more expensive needles. In embroidery you tend to use a lot of needles, because of the thousands of stitches compared to regular sewing.
These needles are basically 'regular sewing machine needles'. Size 11 is light-duty for lighter fabrics. I've never tried using them in a embroidery machine, but I know they will work with virtually any standard machine, 1900-2015. I believe they would work in an embroidery machine for some applications. However, they are not ''embroidery machine needles''.
No. Organ does make ball points however.
this fit my 5 yr old machine and a much older machine. Good deal to try for the price.
I have a Wards 1980. I just took mine and held it up to the picture and they matched. Some people have said something about the cases being at 1 o'clock and one at 11 o'clock. if u or a friend have an old case just hold it up to the picture as a guide. Hope this helps.
Yes, it did fit.
yes.
I don't know. Type in the make and model number of your sewing machine and then the parts that will fit will come up. That's what I did. I know it fits my machine which is a different one than yours. Sorry I can't help much.
I don't know. I guessed when I ordered for my Bernina machine and it worked.
i would say probably, as long as it's a front loading. it fits my singer and it fits my bernina and a friend of mine has an old montgomary ward front loading and it fits hers.
Sorry but I have no idea...
Probably. If the pic looks like your old bobbin case, it will probably fit. What can you lose? A couple bucks?
Yes
I have one on the side of my driver seat, I don't sit directly on it, but it has held up good. I've had it for 5 months so far.
Good morning yes you can cut to the size needed.
One patch . . . that didn't work.
Absolutely- but the patch itself is heavy and you will see the borders of it- and don't expect so be able to remove it. You might want to try covering the logo with black leather dye first.
I used it on the arm of a leather couch. It adhered to the "puffy" arm and is thin enough to bend with the curves of the arm. It blends so well that our three dogs (one of whom created the problem!) are leaving it alone. It has been 4 months and no problems!
Yes. It covered a large area of my ripped leather jacket. But it can be trmed or cut down into smaller pieces.
Unfortunately I cannot answer since I used it on leather. However it does stick very well. Try one piece and buy more if needed if it works.
I would say "yes", the adhesive that is on the back of the letter patch is very strong. I have placed two patches on my Acura TL leather seats and they have not moved, buckled or wrinkled, the patches have stain in place.
yes it is definitely waterproof. We put it on a recliner chair and it is still as good as when we put it on.
I got black and it matches my leather couch perfectly. It worked very well on my couch, and as a matter of fact I bought two and would buy again.
I doubt it. The patch comes in a fairly large piece (4 x 6) if memory serves me right. It is rather difficult to cut. It would also probably look like a patch on the boot, if that is not an issue, you could try. It also doubt it would stand up to water, scuffing etc. as it is a patch and sits above the rest of the item. It would be subject to getting caught and peeled off.
My yellow lab scratched a sizable hole in the leather Couch that he has claimed as his own .. I applied the mastaplasta patch six months ago and it is holding up beautifully, even with a 100 lb lab jumping on regularly. I would heartily recommend it and so would my lab!
Not easily but it can be done. Its pretty tough stuff. A carpet knife would do it or a strong pair of sheers. Expect adhesive residue on whatever cuts it.
It's only one patch.
Yes, you can cut it. I always cut them to make them for oner the small holes on my leather couch
As long as leather is dark brown. Just clean, peel & stick.
hi bobby, my sofa is black, so it blend very well, im not sure it will blend if your sofa isn't black. any way give my patch a try, and see how it works.
Yes
The adhesive won't stick on upholstery material. On an upholstered piece, a piece of contrasting material could easily be attached, with care, by needle and thread. It depends where the worn place is. Mine was where the head is placed. If I had the same problem with an upholstered piece, I'd try sewing a piece on. A piece of leather could also be sewn on, with much care. Hope this helps. Anything is worth a try.
It is chocolate color and should closely match you espresso. Do not expect a perfect match, but you should see a pleasant and acceptable improvement over a tear. As I indicated, I used two patches, on on each arm, to give a balanced appearance.
Yes you can. I use epson a 3 in 1 when I print all my crafty stuff. It works fine.
Yes u need it and no it is not included
M. A. Anything created to be printed on this paper will have to be mirror image for this is the only way the image can be transferred correctly onto whatever you are ironing the image on. I hope this answers your question....
Yes we will restock. We have plenty on hand.
It is neither. It is like brown craft paper or like a slightly smoother brown lunch bag.
Yes it does. This is why I originally wanted to find this because vintage framing often included brown paper on the back secured by brown paper tape that has to be moistened. It is not tight like a sticky tape would be but definitely adhered to the wood smoothly.
I'm not sure if it is acid free, but I use it to stretch my watercolor paper and it works great.
I don't know if the product is made of recycled materials. The product is recyclable.
Absolutly I have used it many years and that is what I used it for shippping pacages But to us it you need a tape Machine to dispence it propely Don Gee
I would think yes. Its thick and good quality brown kraft paper. Richard
I don't believe it will. Actually, I have never tried. I stretch paper for drawing and painting. At times I gesso the paper after stretching. When the work is complete, I cut the paper from the masonite board. Sometimes I cut at the paper edge, sometimes I cut at the tape edge. I then mat and frame the work. The tape is covered by the mat. I have never felt the need to try to remove the tape from the paper.
I have found that it is and goes through my HP Photosmart Printer. It is also so much less expensive than the other foundation piece papers. If you don't like it, you haven't invested a lot and the paper can be used as color paper for children or just scratch paper. Highly recommend for paper piecing?
It is too thin for automatic feed. Even when you feed the printer a single sheet at a time, it doesn't go straight. However, once you succeed feeding, laser print looks really very good on this. I am not sure about inkjet because it is really very thin. Other than printers, for using with pen, it is a great pleasure writing on.
I didn't notice any smearing after printing with an ink jet printer.
Honestly it resembles a newspaper very well. I used it for a romeo and juliet newspaper project and looked and felt like a newspaper.
Yes, I believe you could use it for that. I copy my patterns on it and stitch over them for paper piecing quilting.
Yes
Yes and no. I think if you are tracing something very defined, very clear lines then, yes. Otherwise really see-through so fine details won't work. Hope that helps.
It's great for toddlers. I would suggest a little guidance to show the limitations of this paper. It can't be manhandled or treated too rough. But for the price, you have a lot of paper and a lot of creativity.
Yes. using hand tools, such as a ball point pen. You can also run it through an embossing machine; I used Cuttlebug.
This could work , I don't know the scape of the pots but this is a easy material to work with.
Edges are sharp. I didn't cut myself, but was careful. It is thicker than aluminum foil so not quite as flexible and it could cause some cuts along the edges.
I purchased this and it is very good quality but thickerher than standard foil. What are you doing with it.
It saids thickness is 38GA. Quite thick (maybe 5 times thicker than aluminum foil in the kitchen?) you have to use scissors or knife for cutting it, but it is soft enough to handle by hand. I don't know how to explain more....I didn't use it yet, but I've opened & touched it. Just one side is gold the other side aluminum silver color.
No. This is not flammable. If you hold a flame right under it as if to light it, the best you'll do is remove the golden color from the top. Even the silver underneath stays a shiney silver.
This is very good product I think this is perfect for plant makers and it is similar to Amaco brand.
I have not personally done tin punching, but I own some and it appears to be the same. You could very easily make holes or designs it. I love it. Extremely versatile.
No, it's too thick for a printer.
I have never used it in heat. It acts just like regular tin foil, only a bit thicker than what I cook with. The gold color is on one side. But doesn't come off. I would assume you could heat it, but there's no guarantee until you try it!
Oh, what a great idea! I purchased it for a tuling project and I know it'd be perfect for gift tags as well. Definitely, thick enough.
I would think you definitely can create the look. I don't know what is the gauge of ceiling panels but you can use this metal sheets to do this kind of projects, although is very bendable.
You can achieve a good patina that looks like it's on copper by using Sophisticated Finishes 2-part patina kit. I would suggest using it on the copper colored metal so that if some shows through it looks ok. If you're working with sheet copper (the real thing) then use the same company's one-part patina for perfect results every time.
not well. made an embossed wall hanging for my parent's patio and it did not hold up to the outdoor climates.
If I remember correctly, it is silver.
We used it to make pillows it was pretty soft but if you have a base already I'm sure it would work ok
Yes..its basically pillow stuffing . For a big dog bed it might take a while to.fully dry .
I did not see any info where it contained flame retardants. It is 100% polyester... Used to refill doggie beds where the original material had mashed flat. Still supportive and being enjoyed by my dogs after a year+. I have an additional box that I will use to give new life to flattened decorative pillows.
one pound for me usually fills a pillow roughly the same size... but i found this fill really heavy. i did not reorder it if you are looking for a dense fill this is it. if you are looking for something fluffy and light, this is not your choice.
I had easily enough to do a Papasan style chair (seat part and back part) with my box of fiber filling.
This stuffing I use to stuff dolls because it packs and holds the shapes. You can use this and not pack as tightly as I do. Another option for really soft cushions and throw pillows is Cluster Stuff http://www.amazon.com/Morning-Glory-16-Ounce-Cluster-Stuff/dp/B0016LA9OE/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top Hope this helps
Yes
No well maybe same exact stuff you find on your kids teddy bears
Yes
It's stuffing which is fluffy and it certainly could work if that is the look you are going for. It's not flakey though so it really depends on what you want.
Yes it is - great product!!!
From a sculptor's point of view, to create raised lettering on a plaque with such, (1. create a mold of the object plaque with plaster (2. Using a wooden (soft edge) tool to carefully press the copper into the mold. Another way would be to trace your lettering onto paper then use that as a pattern over the copper. I made copper butterflies about 7-8 inches tall and used this technique. This material is soft but strong.
.254mm about 0.01"
yes
If you score it first you should not have a problem. That is what I did when I put it on the roofs of a dollhouse my husband and I were building.
I have no idea but I don't think I would. Too expensive.
The invoice says "Foil Copper 36 Gauge 5 Feet".
The best that I can remember it is exactly 12" wide. If you live by a Hobby Lobby they carry it there and you would be able to measure it before you buy it. We used it at Art Camp last summer to make Byzantine bells. We used E6000 clear glue, however, we had to use masking tape to hold the pieces together till they dried. But it worked perfect. Hope this helps.
It is exactly 12" wide. I have bought several orders of these and they have always been consistent in dimensions. I glue strips to wood and use a ZAP-A-GAP (med CA+). Hope this helps!
Yes
Yes it was I didn't have to do anything to it
It is the flat panel.
Thank you for your question. School Specialty can accommodate 1000 quantity. However please note inventory is subject to change.
It needs to be framed
About 1/2" -- it is rolled on itself without a cardboard center
It's copper colored aluminum. It's aluminum colored on the other side
No. It's not real copper. It's aluminum. You can get a slight color difference from heat, but not like you would get from actual copper.
It has a nice sheen but I would not call it bright or reflective.
We used liquid nails
I've never done it, however, this is how I use it. I cut it to a desired length, carve an impression into it and use patina to cast an aged look. It is not supple as aluminum foil, it has more heft and will kink into a permanent line which is difficult if not impossible to remove. I've considered making tiles to glue to the wall, as an artist who shows regularly in galleries, this is something which would require too much time for even a 4 x 4 ft space.
No
This will not light on fire, but you can create some color change by putting it to flame.
No it is thicker than aluminum foil.
Hi, Yes it would bend very easily. Thanks
3/4 yd to make 1 valance= 18 inches plus 5 inch top hem & 3 inch bottom hem. For 2 valences you need 1 1/2 yds. Fold 1/2 inch under and best to iron seams first for easier sewing.
No. It is not flannel.
Yes unless it says flannel
Its like a 3ftx4ft clear piece
No i live in denver co it is quite durable did not fail or crack
Typically, 3 yards or less comes folded. 4 yards or more comes on a roll.
30 gauge would work. We used it to make a new window on the door of our pop up.
Yes, this is thick and durable
The 30 gauge vinyl is thick, but not rigid. I am not sure it would work well for a visor brim.
It is sold by the yard, like fabric.
What I bought was all in one piece, one roll. It wasn't good for what I wanted it for, to cover a poster but if you are using it for a different purpose it may suit you. It stuck to everything except what I needed it to stick to.
It was 54" wide 30 gauge I have already used it so I do not know How big the roll was.
We sell swatches for this item. Please visit our website to review and order.
All came in 1 roll when I ordered 10 yds.
Yes its for a yard
I used it to cover cushions for outdoor use. So far it's held up in 90 degree heat and -0 degrees...since we just store it in our gazebo over the winter.
Its probably 6' x 4 to 5yds. I use it as a replacement rear window on my car. It has held thro this harsh winter extremely well. I will recommend it for your door.
Maybe. This 40 Gauge is neither very thick or very thin. Easy to handle yet still strong.
Hi Girard, That is hard to say because the thickness would not register on any ruler or measuring tape. But this is one of the thickest vinyl sheets/fabrics available. It can been sewn with a very heavy gauge needle or there are special adhesives which can joins seams. I used it to make an activity pad for my grand-nephew.
I believe it will. It is tough but flexible. A quality product.
Polyester thread if exposed to sunlight. Same gauges as for marine fabric/canvas. heavy. reinforce edges with a fabric, both sides. see "sailrite" site for all kinds of info.
It is certainly tuff enough. And flexible. If you can figure out how to get a zipper attached, I think it would do the job.
Don't know
Yes
.0101 millimeters
Yes
It was a while ago so I can't remember, but I believe that is the way it works, as I must have entered a quantity, and I did receive one piece of fabric. I used it as a table cloth for a long table.
holding up so far on dirt bike might make a year for you.
I would guess around 16OZ.
You would have to contact seller for that info. Sorry. I did however put this on the interior of my boat where it was exposesd to sun all last summer, seems to be holding up well, no fading yet
When I ordered it ,it came in one piece. I did not order as much as you so check to see how large the piece is.
Please visit our website http://www.fabric.com/SearchResults2.aspx?Source=Header&SearchText=marine+vinyl&CategoryID=1d5f47dc-9991-4088-93f3-26a376046a5e
Is price for lineal yard and not square yard.
54" wide, if you order one foot you will get a piece 54" x 12"
54 ou want. this comes 54" wide and you buy it by the running yard to the length y
I have the same question....i need 6 yards uncut but am worried I'll get 1 yard pieces.
Hi Angelique! If you order a yard of fabric, it will be 54" wide and 3' long which equals 36" long. If you order 2 yards, it will be 54" wide and 6' long which equals 72" long. I hope this helps!
It is a medium weight fabric. 100% cotton so it would hang well.
never washed it as of yet....made pillow for porch
You could get at least 2 cushions (front and back) out of it, perhaps three, if you cut the fabric well
It is cut as long as you want, so if five yards, it is one piece of fabric five yards long-- just like at a fabric store. This is beautiful fabric-- I made table runners out of it for our daughter's wedding.
You may order in half yard increments by visiting our website only.
We always strive to provide customers with one continuous piece of fabric whenever possible. If you place an order for two yards of fabric, you will receive one continuous piece of fabric that totals two yards. Your order will not be cut into pieces.
No. Its not that thick. Makes a great pillow case or garland. I bought this a other similar Dr Seuss fabric and made a garland for a baby shower party.
I'm assuming you're asking for width of fabric which is approximately 44 inches. Hope this helps.
In a 6 inch length (1/4 yard) there are 9 lines of titles.
I used it on a porcelain tub. It worked well and seems very durable. I only needed to cover abour 5 square feet of surface and did not use all of the container. I am well satisfied.
Not sure if it's enough traction ... worked great on a slippery bathtub and bare feet ... not sure how it would work with shoes.
I used in on a ceramic tile floor and porcelain bathtub. Don't know if it work be appropriate for acrylic. You could probably get the info from the company. Try googling amazing goop.
2 months. I have a cast iron tub.
There were no taxes/duties on the sets sent to me in California.
Size 0 (smallest): 120mm to the metal ferrule, metal ferrule is 32mm, "rubber" tip is 6.5mm. Size 2 (medium): 152mm, 37mm, 10mm. Size 6 (large): 168mm, 44mm, 15mm. All my measurements are approximate, of course, and I used millimeters because it was much more accurate. Hope this helps!
Hello. Thank you for your inquiry. While we generally ask to allow 5-7 business days for standard delivery, shipping to California usually takes 4-5 business days.
You would probably have to contact the dealer that you bought it from or Google a parts list for this press and see if you can find one that way.
Yes, it swivels around so you have an open space to work in to get your garment arranged on the platen.
It is a heat press for transfers, etc. It doesn't do any printing at all.
Mine is 110
Actual press is about 16" wide X 16" deep X 18" high. There are the extra components as well. I think the box was probably about 20 X 20 X 20. It isn't as large or as heavy as the traditional North American presses, but also no where near as sturdy. Not sure how well it would hold up in a true production setting. I only use it to set press a few embroidered appliques and some rhinestones.
I really couldn't tell you that. We bought ours about 2 yrs ago so we do not have the box. I would suggest you call the mfg and they can give you that info.
500 degrees
We have not used any of the attachments yet. We heat seal our custom patches with it, so no vinyl or ink has been done on this one. I wish we had gotten one with a larger platen on it but this is a great unit so far. There were no manuals issued with this unit so not sure on how to even use any of the attachments or at what temp to set it on for these items.
The machine comes with an instruction manual, but it's not very good. But the machine is very easy to use. 1) Set the desired temperature. 2) Set the timer. 3) Turn on the heat and let it warm up to the desired temperature. 4) Place the shirt on the machine. 5) Close the machine onto the shirt. 6) Turn on the timer to countdown the amount of time you set. 7) When the timer is done, turn it off. Then open the machine off the shirt. 8) Remove the shirt. If you are going to use the machine for another shirt, repeat steps 4-8. If you are done using the machine, turn off the heat. I hope this helps.
We do not know if it has been purchased by others or not, you will have to get with the company itself on that question. It does come with several different attachments, one for cups, caps and not sure what else came in there. The instruction booklet was not very helpful at all. There is also some type of cloth in there as well but not sure what that is for either. It is a quality machine and well worth the money, we just don't know exactly how to use everything.
YES! I ordered a blue one, but I received, black. Just order the best priced one (got mine through Amazon and let the color surprise you. Make sure you are getting the 15x15" plate. You will want the room. LOVE THIS THING!
I design and cut my own Heat Transfer Vinyl (HTV) and press them using this machine. Works great :)
Yes indeed, the irony is the we have made flat bread with it.
Yes, it is the only thing I have used it for since I got it. Works perfectly.
Mine locks after pressing down automatically. You must have a faulty one :(
Yes - make sure you push the "TIME" or "TEMP" button first then the display will blink - you can then change time/ temp by pushing the up/ down buttons.
I have used it to set the ink from silk screening cotton shirts. It worked well and was much faster than using my household iron. I hope this is the answer you are looking for.
No
Yes leave it open when heating up the element. Press works really well.
Dear MissChile, At least for the version sold into the U.S. market, it is a 120 volt device.
Yes - here is the MFG link: http://www.rtape.com/product-lines/vinylefx-metalized-media Printable VinylEfx films allow you to transform ordinary printing into extraordinary printing! If you can print on vinyl, you can print on VinylEfx films...because it is vinyl. These eye-catching, glittering vinyls set your graphics apart from other printed images. VinylEfx prints attract more attention, so your marketing message is noticed, read and remembered. That WOW factor is your competitive edge. For demanding applications such as truck and boat graphics, Durable Series VinylEfx films are a superior alternative to the expensive simulated gold leaf films. Decorative Series VinylEfx films are perfect for extended indoor applications, such as POP graphics and for use in window displays. Features Printable - Eco Solvent, Latex, Solvent, Thermal Transfer, UV Cuts and weeds just like intermediate vinyl Vinyl facestock
I just bought the machine this weekend and tried cutting the vinyl and it works but I had used some masking tape to hold it down to the cutting mat
No - perhaps UV curable inks, but not water based inks.
It has its own "release liner" - so when you unravel, you will need to remove the liner to expose the adhesive
it is opaque. the material is a high quality mylar
Just 3 blades. I was surprised. The sharpener is a better deal because it has two blades.
Don't feel bad, I have the same problem. I've discovered that the blades that come with the sharpener works well but the others? Not so much.
These blade fit in your average hand held pencil sharpener, I would estimate that they are about an inch in length, maybe a millimeter or so shorter. You only get 2 in this pack also which when I bought them I expected at least 5 and was disappointed to find only 2. So about 7-8 millimeters long and about 2 millimetres wide
I am not sure, they fit most every pencil sharpener that has replaceable bladed of that format...e.g. brass ones, aluminum ones, etc.
Hi Erika. The Dresdan Plate that I made using the Accuquilt Die was as follows. The Plate itself ended up 12 1/2 inches and I put that on a 16 inch square piece of backing. I hope this answers your question..
5 1/2 total length. Wide part is 2 1/2. Narrow end. 1 inch. This is the triangle piece. Hope that helps
Around 12 inches. Take length of petal time two and since they are positioned across from each other it's roughly 12 inches.
Yes, that is what I received. I was very pleased with my purchase.
The ones i bought fit the JMV-207 albums. the pages are 12x16 and the part that actually holds pictures is 12x14.5
Yes
I buy these refills frequently, and I believe each set has seven sheets, for a total of fourteen pages for photos. I am traveling now and can't check to be sure.
That's about it.
it does not. I wouldn't use an extruder for cheese straws, It would be best to use an icing bag and star type tip.
All I can tell you it's a great quality tool.! Just used it once and worked great! Just been busy working on many other things to get to know all about it.I didn't stuff it tightly to the brim.Just enough for my project at the time. Good luck I think you will enjoy this tool..babette
Yes there is
The set actually comes with a couple extra, but yes, you can also purchase new seals.
Yes, it is made out of steel. I like that the black vinyl on the barrel makes it easier to grip while you are using it. Best investment I ever made.
I just looked at mine, and I don't see any of the packaging. Look at the description of it from where you bought it. I've only used mine a couple of times. Guess it's best to not tighten the threads too much!
Yes, the Makins ones will fit into this extruder. I would not be surprised if the discs are made by the same company to be honest with you. THey are the same size, same thickness, and honestly the discs feel the exact same in my hands. That said, however, the corers that Makins makes though, I do not know if they fit - I do not own any of those. The ones for the Kemper push extruder do not fit either. I do hope this helps. I did look to see if the ones from the new LC Extruder (Lacy Clay extruder, which I do not have - I am trying to justify the near $85 purchase for the extruder alone) but the barrel is 12mm so the discs from that wouldn't fit either. I do hope this helps. There is a small pack of 5 discs available for the Walnut Hollow extruder that do expand the array of available discs so that may help as well though there are still not as many available as the ones there are for the Makin's extruder. Still, good luck choosing the right extruder for you! :)
No
It depends on the actual project, can be tranfer paper or vinyl from a plotter. It can be any printer once the output is good quality and any plotter
The reset button is on the left side above where the power cord goes enters the press.
Yes, I had to contact the seller to get some piece that needed to be replaced.
I doubt since it is one of the lower level presses that they would consider special orders.
I don't understand the question. What is "something"? The Heat press?, or the item you're making?
yes, tried a couple of times might have to adjust the time depending on the size of the stones on the transfer
yes, it's heat setting is completely adjustable for all tranfer paper.
yes... I believe it works really well I run a t-shirt business... and it works well for me...
Yes... There's A Warranty.... It's Only For A Year.... Return.. 30 Days.. Return Sooner If Something Is Wrong With It.
15x15
I got this set about 2yrs ago and it has yet to fade (though I haven't tested it in direct sunlight) and I haven't gotten them wet so I don't know at this point.
While we do not have specific instructional material for using the Tombow Dual Brush Markers, there are many videos on YouTube. You will find those featuring the Tombow markers and others that use a similar style of marker but whose techniques could be the Tombow line.
Tombow colors can be bought individually for about $3 each. It's best to order them from Tombow's website; prices vary wildly on Amazon.
Yes - it can cut through poster board - one sheet at a time. I used it on very heavy recycled paper to make round wedding fans. It did very well on that!
Not sure what materials you had in mind, but this cutter works with paper/card stock and also the vinyl mat with sticky back.
Nope-and the blade is very sharp. You need a self healing mat.
The little blades are pretty flimsy. It might work, but there's a pretty good chance that they would snap off. And, when the blades snap off, it's pretty impossible to get the little plastic base out of the blade housing. So then, the whole cutter is permanently dead. If you really, really need to make a circle and $20 is an acceptable gamble, it might be worth a shot. Otherwise, I wouldn't buy it for that purpose.
Yes this tool will hold up and 4" is the smallest.
No. Just paper.
yes.
Not in a clean or precise manner. I returned mine because it couldn't even cut a clean edge on label paper which as a graphic designer, I found unacceptable.
I would not use it on fondant, the blades are small and designed to cut paper or fabric.
Yes but with a lot of pressure and several times circling with devise
The 20 GUAGE wire is 3 yds per spool in the multi color 12 packs. The thinner wire (larger GUAGE numbers) has more wire per spool (5 yards). This same wire is also available in separate 20 and 25 foot spools
I think it will work as long as they're fairly lightweight. I use this wire for wire wrapping pendants, and it works great for that. The colors are very nice!
This may be a little light for your use. I would use a heavier gauge wire. (10 or 15 gauge).
Yes
Package does not say. There is a website you could try. Www.artisticwire.com
20 gauge package is 3 yards per spool. Thank you.
They are longer than what they appear to be in this picture. They are average sized brushes.
Dear William: Do not worry there will be no hairless animals running around. I recommend these brushes highly they are the only company that I use. I do a lot of ceramic painting and they are great. Just make sure that you purchase The Masters Brush Cleaner and Preserver it comes in a small container. It is a little bit expensive but it is worth it. By using the cleaner the brushes last longer.
I believe they are from China. They are okay, not the best but definitely not the worst. A good beginner set. Hope that helps.
These brushes I have used only with Acrylics if you wish to use this brand name then you need to order them with the white tip they are better for Oil Paints. Also the reason that you use the white tip brushes that they are more sturdier for oil then these because they are softer.
No, there isn't a rake brush in this set.
If you scroll down to the Product Description , you will read that this organizer comes with 6 Lockable plastic organizers. I own 3 of these cases and I have been able to add 2 extra plastic organizers (bought individually ) to each case so that each case now holds 8 plastic organizers. I really love these cases.
Depending on the size of the beadboard
No, the individual boxes are very small. I got this to store small perler beads and it's almost too small for those. The locking mechanism is nice but the containers are just too small.
Maybe a couple of inches. Thread spools don't fit well.
none of the other bags or containers i tried had the locking tops,, which makes a world of difference when you are storing beads. and with the trays included you can take out just the one you want without having to take the whole container
I did buy bigger lockables at a craft store, they do fit in the case.i havnt seen any in a diffrent shape though.
Yes, each container has a curved bottom which makes it simple to get the small beads out without a struggle. Love these containers. They are the only ones I own.
I think the plastic compartments are too small for paint tubes
Yes, I bought two and both had dowels.
The tall one is approx 11cm deep and the short one is approx 5.5 cm deep
Not with the lid on, no. I have the big rolls from costco - and they are tight. I just leave the lid off.
Yes! Mine did. They came wrapped in five packs of twelve.
Three or maybe four. Wooden shafts and good quality.
Sorry, Seniorita. This would not be a good choice for a home oven. It needs to heat to over 1800 degrees to be an effective glaze. Perhaps you could check with Fimo people for advice on oven-fired glazes. Good luck with your creative endeavors.
Noooo! This is only for ceramic applications greenware or bisque clay
I used on cone 5 clay and it did fine.
You have to have a kiln to fire it to make the coating glassy and durable
Thank you for your question. The glaze for dinnerware safe firing is 06-05.
I fired mine clay to 06 and it was shiny.
No
Yes! According to the label it's lead free and dinnerware safe.
I believe. WE have used it. My kiln is a cone 5-6 as well
This is a small needle that would best be used for heavier sewing thread. I purchased these for student yarn stitching and the eyes were to small and needles were too short.
This needles are metal and have a big hole to use with yarn or heavier sinew in case you are using it for making dream catchers. I used with High School students and they don't even bend, they are sturdy.
I bought them to sew felt together, but they did not work well. I ended up having to buy a different pack from Wal-Mart that had sharper tips.
These are quite fine. Should be no problem unless you have tiny buttons. Regular shirt buttons worked o'k.
2 inches
Please review the Sellers Profile for accurate shipping charges. Thank you for your question.
I got them in about 5 days
I think you could try oil pastel fixative.
eh....can't say that it would. I use it for pastels/pencil applications to keep the applied material from removing as other other mediums/layers are applied. It is water resistant, but ranging on the solvents your applying.....not really sure. I was using the Windsor Newton fixative but their spray caps are flawed. I even spoke w/ their development team and they openly acknowledged my issue. Don't use that one.
I do. But not 100% sure it's the right thing. An archivalist recommended something call "Lascaux" spray. I never used it yet. I myself am trying to find out about the use of China Markers in artwork color sensitivity and longevity. Do you spray over the China Markers?
Probably
I think that may be too large to be sturdy
Tall (vertically from resting surface to top, in the open position): 13-3/4". Bottom bar to top (length of center leg from top of bar surface to end of leg): 11-3/8". Good value for the price... Note, bar has lip on front edge 1-1/2" from back. Will accommodate up to, say, 1-3/8+" thick frame, but 1-1/2" frame won't fit.
Whoops -- I just bought this but took it upstate in its box to use over Christmas. It could accommodate art or photo sized 8x10 or 11 x 14.
I've used this to create embellishments for my car - with the vinyl on the outside - it's held up great to weather (rain, sun, etc)
No, it doesn't work on my HP color laserjet laser printer. I bought it thinking it would but the color will not even stick to it! :(
Yes, you can use an inkjet printer, however your final project will still look like a thick piece of card stock paper with an image instead of a nice thin transparent sticker. Hope this information helps with your purchasing decision. Sandra
It is not meant to get wet. However, there is someone who shared pictures on Facebook after they accidentally ran it through a project through the dishwasher and it held up. If you are going to put it outside I would suggest sealing it with something waterproof.. or weather resistant.
Matte
nope this is strictly indoor use, not waterproof. There are a few brands out there that they say they are water proof and can be printed on from a home printer. I think caslon makes it.
No it is a paper decal and will be washed off right away. I would recommend for use of indoor applications that will not be in the elements of weather.
It's a little thicker than regular vinyl but the difference it that it allows you to print on it using the imagine so it can absorb the color and keep the color.
This background is white. I have only found white and color background on any of the websites I have searched so far.
I'm not sure what the dimensions are but its a collapsable box that folds so it will be able to fit into any suitcase without a problem.
If your wedding is large, consider buying two....they are fairly inexpensive
You can but you may or may not have to re-enforce the two sided tape but it should be ok
Yes, the ribbon is long enough to extend around the box and tie a bow on top. I couldn't get the bow to look nice though, so I used my own ribbon.
I used a paint brush to apply DecoArt elegant finish metallic paint. Then I sprayed a letter from a aerosol can have a lay on the top of the cardbox and lightly on the sides of the cardbox. Good luck&#128522;
Eat octagon is 5 inches wide. There are five octagons. The box is 9 1/2 inches tall
It says in product description: Product Dimensions: 1.6 x 12.3 x 12.8 inches; 1.6 pounds Used for my sister-in-law's wedding and it held regular sized cards just fine. I painted the box with spray paint to match her colors and the paint adhered nicely.
The opening is 8 inches long And 1/2 inch wide and the box is roughly 9in tall by 12in wide (in octagon shape)
Yes, you have to assemble it.
The item I received is a split which should work quite well for a short strop after it's prepped and sanded: Both sides of the leather have a rough suede-ish kind of texture and is a bit on the dry side which should absorb heated wax/rouge or buffing compound quite nicely.
Yes, you can. A sharp knife is all you need to cut it, and a small awl should work to punch through it
Hi - It's flexible and should work well for a flask sleeve.
Hi, I bought this to use as a leather strop for sharpening knives; I glued it to a piece of wood w/ contact cement, and it works great for that purpose. I did a little leather work many years ago, and it seems like this leather could be sewn with leatherwork needles - it's not that thick, but the thickness does vary throughout the piece I have. One side is finished & the other side is unfinished.
It is fairly heavy, not flimsy at all. I had an unusual use, I cut strips in the lower half of a piece to use for a pet door, It does a good job of staying in place, yet lets the kitty push aside the strips to go out and in.
It sounds like a decent idea, the leather is definitely pliable enough. And after a while they'll form to the shape of your foot.
I believe it would be to thick for that.
Sorry, I forgot some things, but it is real leather, no doubt about it. Feels like it and smells like it. It is fairly thick.
Yes it will. Thanks
Yes, We just need to know when you order what machine it is for. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
No sorry it won't
No sorry it wont
The beads are made of stone there very beautiful beads i didn't really count them when i got them but theres like 20 or so beads.
argg small!! had to ream out all pieces used for projects...you get what you pay for haha.
Its Big, you can fit Nylon, elstico wire 18 very easily. And the beads are very beautiful
it's about .04 inches/1.3 mm...hope this helps
Carmen: I have tried it on ribbon and it works well. Careful about getting it to hot or it will singe the material. Off course it depends a lot on the material in the ribbon. The more nylon the better.
Can't help answer this. I didn't like the results I was getting on the material I was using, so I don't use mine.
The good news is that it will cut through all five layers of Sunbrella...the bad news is that you'll have to do it in multiple passes otherwise you'll burn the top layers. Make a cut, pull both sides of the fabric away, make another cut. I used it to cut through 2 layers of awning fabric without a problem but you have to watch the heat build-up. For what it's worth, I found this knife to be good for the occasional job but it was always set on the upper end of the heat range for marine awning/fabric work and I burned it out in a year...factory said they couldn't repair it, offered me $10 off a replacement. I declined, and bought an Engel HSG hot knife and found it to be a much better tool.
It will cut it but I'm not sure if it will seal it. It's mainly designed as a cutter.
This unit will cut and fuse heavy duty seat belt webbing - down to acrylics. I dont knowhow well it works on finer synthetics, as I haven't used it for such - but I would imagine it would work fine. The only complaint I have with this product is that once the blade is installed in the unit, it will no longer fit in the storage case unless the blade is then removed.
I wouldn't recommend it
I have not used it for a cotton poly blend. If you have the fabric, see if the end has been cut with a knife or melted with a hot knife. I'll bet it was cut.
I don't believe so...don't have the cutter any more to look but the manufacturer is in Georgia and they can answer the question for sure.
It comes with the blade and the foot it fits into. The foot can be removed if needed.
It is not for cutting natural fabrics (cotton, hemp, etc.). Also, do not expect the cutting process to give any strength to the cut edges. It is just a cutter and the only benefit to the heat cut is that it melts the ends of the fibers together so they stay together.
It's actually smaller than I thought. It's almost too small for my 5 year old. So, 2-3 year olds ideally.
I'm assuming you mean weight limit? It's a little small for my 7 year old but perfect size for my 4year old
Do you ask IKEA how much they charge for shipping? It's slot cheaper on Amazon, plus you will get it much faster (sometimes you pay for convenience)
Yes. It would be no problem to assemble without the top piece.
Yes it is...BUT IKEA does not ship and it was not available in any IKEA store any where near me. It was a much wanted gift so.......
Are you keeping this indoors? No worries! You can use the tops of seats and table with a dry erase! This set will last a lifetime!
Amazon offers free shipping and faster delivery options.
30 min for me...but I'm very familiar with Ikea furniture..I love building it!
Yes, I think they could be painted. You could probably do it before assembly, too, which would make it look nice.
They are straight but the ends just a bit rounded:) no worries with small kids
They are more denim like, I used these to repair and reinforce my sons brand new jeans. they work wonderfully and easy to apply with your iron.
It depends on the fabric your applying them to. The hotter the better they stick.
Black, khaki, blue, & green. I've used some of them, and don't recall if there were any others
The packaging says 27 yards.
Yes, Michelle. The tape was 3 inches wide. Hope this helps. It is a great tape.
Clear
Yes. It is great for scrapbooking.
27 yards
Yes, it is double-sided sticky tape. I am not familiar with Sookwang tape.
Yes, it comes with a cutting plate (white), a base plate, (gray) an embossing plate (pink) and a rubber embossing mat. There is one more thing you need to buy separately and that's a Raspberry Plate. These are easy to find everywhere and the Raspberry Plate is necessary for using plastic embossing folders and for a lot of dies that aren't manufactured by Spellbinders. With those four plates and the embossing mat, you can cut about any die on the market except the thick Sizzix dies.
This model of the Grand Calibur has been on the market for a couple years, after the original model (narrower tray with edges that wouldn't take 8.5 x 11 paper) was replaced. Spellbinders now offers an "upgrade" to their first release of the Grand Calibur, which involves a wider tray. I can't imagine that there are too many of the original models left out there as they were so poorly made. Last year they introduced the Artisan X-Plorer, which is supposed to have better pressure. It's intended for use with the Mixed Mixage collection of dies and has a small, narrow cutting space.
Yes. They have a new tray for the old machine to make it into the full-sized one, but the inner workings of Spellbinders' original Grand Calibur were awful and didn't hold up very well. I'm on my second "new" machine, but only because I wore out the first one. It didn't break...it was just tired from all the die cutting I do and the pressure wasn't great anymore.
Debra, Gently, very gently, tap one of the plastic plates until you can pull one of them out. Most likely it will be the bottom one if the mat is on top. GENTLY DO SO. Whatever you do, DO NOT FORCE IT OUT. Stay calm and tap gently. It will come out. -I had to do this with my ebosser embosser. Let me know how it works out for you.
Yes, you can use other folders such as Sizzix, Cuttlebug etc.
It will leave a cutting mark and it should be on the "cutting" board one. Won't hurt anything if it's on the A one, but should be on the one marked for cutting....it will look pretty beat up after lots of die cuts.
The teal machine is brand new........just came out and it is purported to be stronger than the pink one. I have had both and the teal one broke recently when the correct sandwich I was rolling thru caused the machine to jam. Never has a machine jammed on me before. I am careful with machines but several have broken. Still.......... it is my favorite machine. Right now I am using an old pink one and it is doing fine. Buy the teal one!
As far as I know the ABC plates only come together. I have seen them on Amazon and at JoAnn fabrics.
I'm sorry I don't know and I spent about an hour trying to search the net to answer your question without finding any information. lew
Stronger gear and I believe a little wider opening
Yes they are interchangeable between sets. If you want to try a few of the different needles, they have a starter set with a pair of bamboo tips, short lace tips and turbo tips. It comes with needle tips and cord.
The needle tips are usually approximately 4-5" long, if they're similar to my Addi Click set.
I bought 40" circular needles. The actual needles are about 6" each with a plastic cord joining them. I like them very much.
Prices are determined by the Vendors selling them - and they are all competing. It may also reflect shipping prices or delivery promises. If it is marked new, then it is the Addi Bambo/Natura set - there is only one kind. If it is marked used, then it is a used or opened set. Hope that helps!
I gave this set as a gift so I don't know the answer.
Hi, I stapled to plywood but is fairly thick and durable, I think it should glue nicely with plenty of spray glue or other, should smooth out nicely.
It is smooth, thin, but I expect it to last.
I suppose that if you put it under water for a period of time it would leak, but if it gets wet it will dry off very easily
Yes, it is 55" wide and sold by the yard (36"). Price is quoted per yard.
I only ordered one yard and it came folded, ask the seller for a more accurate response
The weight was not indicated with the invoice or anywhere else. The fabric is quite heavy and durable. It is not a thin cheap fabric. The manufacturer could be contacted for the ounce weight.
yes its a smooth, will make a great top to a table
I would think that smaller pieces would be easier to get in one piece and they screwed that up for me... :(
The fabric has a width of 54in So when you make an order, you have to look for the lenght you need (like regular fabric). If you make the math, you'll get the surface, square ft you want.
That is correct. 84" x 72" Always 84" x something.
All the NFL cotton broadcloth I purchased for my wife was 58" wide.
Yes it was when I purchased it.
They are large. Maybe 1"-2".
Im sorry how big is the decal? If that is what you are asking its about 2" I think.
yes, I did not want two separate yards & it came in one two yard length as needed
62" is the width and whatever length you order is the length... So if you ordered 1 yard you will get a 36x62" piece of fabric, if you order 3 yards you get 108x62"... Make sense?
Yes, select the " yard" option and enter 9 in the qty box, we will send it continuous.
I ordered 2 and received two separate pieces
Nearly translucent. Paper thin.
I would guess that it would be good for a kite. It is strong, light and it is difficult to blow air through the material.
In the quantity box, select a quantity of 4. they will send 4 yards uncut.
I would not advise that. LOL. It's very sheer.
Yes, it is uncoated. It is 62" wide. You specify how many yards you want in the Qty: drop down box.
Yes
It is translucent and would let light come through. It is tough though. And very lightweight.
We always strive to provide customers with one continuous piece of fabric whenever possible. If you place an order for two yards of fabric, you will receive one continuous piece of fabric that totals two yards. Your order will not be cut into pieces.
This material is used to make backpacks for hiking all the time, so I'd imagine it would do just fine. Your stitching would have to match, as that could be the weak point in sewing it.
A precut sq yard
This fabric comes in I believe a 60 inch width only so you would have to figure out how much length of the 60" fabric you would want. It should be in one piece, but only 60" wide.
This fabric is black. I would say it's similar to a black rain jacket material as it has a smooth sheen to it. It looks like a black North Face jacket. Not shiny but very smooth. I am not saying it is waterproof by the way. It is very strong fabric. Could be used to make duffle bags or stuff sacks.
I would say it water resistant. It dries very quickly. I've used it to make reusable sandwich bags and it works well and washes off in the sink.
I didn't measure it but it must've been 54 inches wide. I only needed a small section and gave the rest to a friend. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
Normally when you order fabric by the yard it does come in one piece. For example, If you want 2 pieces that are 6 yards long each, you should order it that way. Hopes this helps.
It's somewhat repellant, but definitely not waterproof. Water will bead on it initially but will seep in after a minute or so.
If the fabric is 62 " wide and you buy 1 yard, it would be 62" X 36". If you buy 2 yards, it would be 62" X 72", etc. ( Is this a real question ?)
The width is 62 inches. This fabric is sold by the yard, which is a reference to the length. If you order 1 yard you will receive a piece which is 62 inches by 36 inches. If you order 2 yards you will receive a piece which is 62 inches by 72 inches.
Unless something has changed... I bought 2 or 3 yards, can't remember which, but in any case it did come as one continuous piece. Hope this helps.
Well, I just remember, that I had receive one yard with a plastic bag and it had 120 Grams. That's the only information that I have.
Sorry I don't know either, it is very light weight and the same fabric used for wind breakers. I use it for making pullover wind breakers for my husband.
No holes
I wouldn't try baking them as they are just plastic and would surely melt
Diameter across the too is 1 inch and the gem is .5 inches deep. Hope this helps
They are plastic
Yes. The kids use them in the pool for diving!
No. They did not come with hanging devices, however I did buy Christmas tree ornament hanging wires for 99cents. I get about 200 of them in a package .They were much quicker than threading with beading wires. This is the seasn to get them and theyre cheap and provide the same service.. They're the verrry thin wires that look like the letter J and they're very flexible.
Not really. They sparkle but not to the point of rainbows.
I was able to confirm the length it's almost 2"
I found that the holes varied in size. As I was using Christmas ornament hanger wires, the holes were large enough to accomodate.
Yes. You have to have the correct transfer paper
No but you can set the temperature and the time.
Buenas amiga, yo compre la mquina pero la verdad todava no me ha llegado, con mucho gusto te respondera tus preguntas cuando llegue que al parecer ser en las prximas semanas
Yes
No I think china
The set key is the yellow button on the left of the minus button. You push the plus button to go up and the minus button to go down then press set.
No its an on machine what do you need to know exactly, the head changing basically un plugs from underneath the box where the power button is, and the head is changed from where the butterfly nuts are next to the springs, and the bed is changed by swinging away the head and lifting the bed. If you have any more questions I can help. Keep it if your just using it as a hobby if your using it as a commercial peice either find a way to be able to replace the c shaped clamps because after about a heavy 8 months of use it will give out.
It weight about 85lbs and you will know the shipping charge when you click on the item.
WE are shipping it from CA with 3 months warranty and mug press is included.
Judy, it would hold that size. It is big enough to hold 12x12, but I do have some 8x11 in there also
No, the sides are high enough that it holds the paper upright. I have 3 of these and love them.
Yes it does. I love it.
The long sides are both decorated just as you see in the picture. The front and back are clear plastic and is an accordion folded plastic so that it expands. It holds A LOT of paper!
no it is not, its only adjustable for width.
I really don't think so, unless you're really clever.
Hi Mary, I reread my comment. It should say that I have not made any changes. Linda
Neck to waist is 15 inches; Neck to bottom of hips is 24.5 inches
22-29inches. Hope this helps!
if there are instructions and is very easy to use
que es pinnable?
12x12
They are color on one side, white on the other
No, one side is shiny foil and the other side is regular white paper.
There are 24 sheets in a package.
They don't rate the durometer rating on their product. However, after using it against other silicone products that do have ratings, I would say it is around a 20A shore hardness. It is very flexible, deals with undercuts well though you need to be careful with regards to tearing. It is a great beginner silicone until you "get the feel" for casting and start using specialized silicone for different project needs.
I used the gallon size and this will probably do what you need. I was pleased with my molds and get great results when I use them.
Hi. It all depends on what you are moulding. If you are careful with undercuts, I'm up to 42 castings with one of my moulds so far. The other factor is the type of resin you are casting with. Some get pretty hot during the chemical relation which will degrade the mould more quickly.
Food grade silicones are generally platinum based materials. All purpose silicones are usually tin based. Food grade silicones are tested to ensure they will not leach potentially toxic materials into your food. Thank you.
The cured silicone is an aquamarine color. It shouldn't bleed color into your soaps once it is cured. Thank you.
The combination of the 1/2 gallon containers should yield about a gallon of silicone. Thank you.
This product is not labeled as food grade. But it should work well for your application.
The amount of parts you can get from te mold depends on the complexity of the piece and the material you are using to make the parts. The cured mold can last for quite some time if it is stored properly. The uncured material needs to be used within 30 days of being opened or 6 months unopened. Please call toll-free at 1(877)342-8860 for further questions or concerns. Thank you.
Viscoelastic solids may exhibit both stress viscosity and bulk viscosity. So I'm not sure what info you need. This product is solid, yet expremely flexible! Since it's used primarily for mold-making, it must be flexible enough to remove the object after cooling/drying, but can be used many times without degradation in shape. If the mold is poured too thin, if can tear...but the directions suggest you not do this. I've recreated hundreds of products using this and not one mold has shown any sign of deterioration or tearing. Hope this helps!
Each container is about 1/2 a gallon. The two containers total about a gallon. Thank you.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
The Cuttlebug embosses card stock. You put the paper between the embossing folder and the pressure causes whatever the folder looks like onto the paper. Giving a decorative finish. You can also cut shapes with the metal die, such as Spellbinders for flowers or labels to put greetings on.I love my Cuttlebug for making cards. I got mine on Ebay. The machines aren't on sale at craft stores very often but the die and folders can usually be bought with coupons
Very much so. Easy to use and understand.
Hi Venus, I have cut felt, thin chipboard and of course cardstock. I have embossed all different weights of fabrics, thin cardboard and felt so far. I'm sure it would emboss compressed foam. It is a wonderful embosser and a real workhorse! I would recommend you buy a couple of cutting plates and at least an extra set of the embossing plates. I'm going to try a cut aluminum can. Great idea! I'm that confident about it! I'm all about recycling and creating art! I hope this helps!
Width is just under 6 inches. However the cuttle bug is compack and easy to carry.
There is a depth difference. One can be used for the cutting dies and the other with embossing folders. Love both ways, tend to lean towards the Folders more. I believe you can add alot this way, however the ability to cut out images is fantastic. And I use both. You will love them. Sherry
Hello! The "plain" version comes with the machine and the spacers and that is all. The "pattern" comes with the machine and spacers but also includes two 4-piece embossing folder sets.
You need to contact the seller of this to get the proper shipping charges. As for using other brands of die cuts in this as far as I know you can use Sizzix and Spellbinders.
I don't use card stock for the card itself. I use pre folded blank cards (with the envelopes) then cut a piece of cardstock slightly smaller in size than the front of the card - pass it thru the design of your choice thru the cuttlebug THEN glue it to the card stock front of your choice. You may even have two plain colors of card stock (one smaller than the other) and for the third and top piece (cut smaller than the second sheet) run that one thru the cuttlebug for your designs.
The cuddlebug V2 does not come with a Cuddlebug adapter mat C which is needed in order to use dies. I had to buy it extra. There were a couple items mentioned in the product description which are not given with the V2. Otherwise with the C mat I think they are both the same.
Yes you can but only if you have the dies such as Sizzix or Tim Holtz dies. These dies are a little over 1/2 inch thick which will take the place of the "A" plate of the Cuttlebug. You can purchase different types of designs from Amazon or your local craft stores. These dies have a black firm foam top with the designs cut into it. You can also cut chip board using these dies. Hope this helps.
7.25 inches wide, 4.5 inches high, 9 inches deep
Tiny. I don't even think the drawers can fit a full letter size piece of paper
No. 7"1/8W X 9"1/4D X 4"5/8H. (7.125"W x 9.25"D X 4.625"H.)
approximately 2.5 inches. It was a lot smaller than I had anticipated.
The drawer debth is 8.5" but the actual useable inside drawer debth is 7 5/8". Hope this helps, Judy Powell
7.25 inches wide, 4.5 inches high, 9 inches deep
I would say atleast close to around 40/50. I have done half face to full face face paint and its not even halfway used. The only ones that are quick to run out is black/white. I've done already 35 kids
well I used the face paint on the lips and nothing happened, just don't wear it as a lipstick
They don't dry .....they smudge I would only use on face.
Yes both of those are included.
No but the colors are really ruch and you might try looking up face painting.there are a lot of books (cheap) out there.
We used it at a fundraiser. It lasted an afternoon, and I did not note any cracking.
I'm not a professional and so mine are hardly used. I just checked after months of not using them and they certainly seem okay. My suggestion would be to keep the lids tightly closed and to possibly layer a small piece of Saran wrap over the top of the paint to further keep it moist. Alternatively, you can probably always moisten any dry paint, if necessary, by wetting your paint brush or sponge, then work the moisture into the paint. I hope this helps!
I have two packs with 12 paints each, so a total of 24 all together. There are pearly paints and fluorescents, but I'd say about 3 or 4 of each. I haven't used all the colors yet, so I can't say for sure but that's my best guess. I didn't shop around. Of course, if you find a better price somewhere else, then you should order from that other site. Also, you could try emailing the seller. I usually get a response within a few hours or the next day whenever I contact an Amazon seller. Hope that helps! :-)
No, I haven't used it for metal embossing, but have used it for embossing paper such as card stock and water color paper. I didn't seem to have any problem. It could be the differences for the surface, the amount of pressure needed to emboss metal instead of paper, or the thickness of the metal that is being embossed. Also some people my just need larger tools than others. Sorry, I can't be of more help.
Approximately 5 1/2 inches. Yes have soft grips
Melania, We would be happy to help. If you order more than 7 of your items you would qualify for our free shipping of over $100.00. The free shipping applies to the Domestic USA Only. Hope this will help. Looking forward to your order, Thank you Valucrafts
We currently have 3 of those in stock:)
It has two, and all I work on is large canvases. It won't hold any over 4'6" tall or so, but it's sturdy and I really like it.
Sorry for the delayed answer but I just assembled the easel and I'm very disappointed. Very poor construction it will not tilt flat. If it wouldn't be my husband's present for me I would return it!
Everything is included you don't need any tools to assemble
Not sure , unavaible to ck it now but I have used a small tray and wet palette. It is very well made and adjusts easily up and down. Over all I am happy with it. If you use a large wet palette it may not be what you want. I also use a large side table for paints and mixes.
It came with one when I bought it last year. Unless they've changed the model, it should come with a removable metal cup.
Yes, I called my daughter who has been using this easel (Xmas present) for the past three years and loves it. She was at work and said it would handle a taller canvas (36"+). But since she was working, she couldn't measure it for the maximum height. PS: Since I purchased the easel, I looked up the old purchase order, and it says it supposed to open up to 44" vertically within the description.
I'm 5'5" and it works well for me, but it may be a little short for a person 5'10".
The canvas can be placed either horizontal or vertical but the easel itself cannot.
I sit and paint with this easel. The bars slide up and down very easily, so it is easy to adjust height. The company is also VERY helpful. One of my pieces broke (possibly due to user error) and they replaced it at no cost and sent me a free wooden "canvas."
absolutely. It's a great beginner's easel, but has features of a more expensive easel.
That's what I use it for and it works very well. You can tighten the board to the easel so it doesn't move and facilitates writing on the board. There is space to have an eraser and markers.
I don't see why not. Just make sure that the art piece is centered perfectly in the middle, adjust the bottom and top, the make sure your legs are sitting as far apart as possible for balance. I have a small piece on display, but it's 16 by 8" only.
The easel is for holding a stationary painting. I would think maybe writing on a white board that size might make it collapse or move around a little unless you permanently brace it with another board. Good luck. Sorry I couldn't give you a definitive answer, being a primary teacher myself.
Even the LOWER edge support-is adjustable up to about 42" off the floor. This easel is for larger work than yours if you cannot reach eye level I think. The top piece can go WAY up-over 80". Re: there are 2 grooves on each side that you can slide them up or down, then tighten. Stuck/sticky? try hand sanding the groove a bit and rub a candle there to make it smoother gliding. If you know a good carpenter--they can route a piece to fit above the metal piece and use that as a lower bar, or try and put that lower piece above the metal tab half way up the center wood instead of below it? Might work 4 U.
The very top of the Easle is about 5 feet. Very nice size for displaying a 16x20. I love both of mine.
18" including the end chain
Hi Holly, When I bought the package there were twelve necklaces in it. The quality is super and I enjoyed using them.
As far as I remember I ordered 10 pieces.
Sure...you do it.
This listing is for just one necklace.
I don't have any on hand at the moment, but I remember 1 organza one and 3-5 waxed cords for each necklace, hope this helps
Yes, it was one large sheet.
Given its size, it wouldn't fit into a standard printer. If cut to fit, the plastic doesn't absorb ink; I've wiped permanent marker off of it. I expect that if left to dry, the ink wouldn't run off, but it would probably be easy to scrape off, so you may have to reprint it occasionally. There's an article on eHow that may be useful here: http://www.ehow.com/how_5814397_print-plastic-film-pc-inkjet.html
I think it would be worth giving it a try if your bathroom has good ventilation.
Works very well on glass. Have not tried it on other surfaces.
It should I don't see why not. It can stick to the front of my stove and fridg.
yes to both
Hi Jo, I love my Vagabond, however it is VERY tempremental with embossing folders. I mainly use it for metal dies, works great with the Solo Thin Die Adapter - infact the machine should come with this plate because it gives the best result. I have cut fabric, cork, kids craft foam, heavy metalic cardstock. The reverse motor is great, some dies need to be run through back and forward 3 times. I have arthritis that is why I purchased the Vagabond, if you don't have "hand" issues, purchase a Big Shot. Hope this helps, Susie Williams
I doubt it. I have heard really negative stuff about their customer service and fixing Vagabonds. Also the gears inside are plastic so difficult to do much with. I love my Vagabond, but you do have to be so careful. I am actually on my second one because I overstressed the first. My husband who is super handy has the original one stripped down and is looking to see if he can do something. Good luck and sorry to hear about your problem.
Roughly 6 inches by 12 inches.
not sure its the width only about 8"
The Vagabond is the electric version of the Cuttlebug and other cutters and emboss ears. It's not like the circuit or silhouette. There are tons of die cuts and embossing folders that can be used with the cutting/embossing machines. Look at Spleebinders web site, Provo and Sizzex to get an idea of what is available. It's a totally different realm than the cricut type machines. Hope this helpe
There is a slide button on the top. You need to push it in the direction you wish the paper to go through the machine. Hope this helps I gave up on mine and I now use the big shot. Hope you have a better experience with your vagabond than I did.
I got all that stuff with it. Unless they changed it since I last ordered. But you can buy them seperate as well. Cause I already had a platform and pads from my bigshot. I can even use my magnetic platform from Stampin Up in the machine as well.
there is some videos on you tube that shows how to cut metal. But be very careful because if you jam it you void the warranty!! Watch what not to do with a vagabond first.
Yes
I haven't tried that so not sure. Sorry I can't help you.
9" x 12"
No, graphite and color.
No I don't want to cancel, I still want the set I will buy extra charcoal pencils to go with it
The size varies. You can adjust it so it's very tall or very short.
Does not say.
No
To answer your question, for the Size 2 measurements are Bust- 32.5 Waist- 24.5 Hip- 34.5
Yes.
It says "collapsible shoulder" the size is underneath as well
No, the wheel do not come off. Its a very sturdy and fairly high quality dress form like the one I used to work with in fashion classes. The dress form won't move even if its standing on while. You actually have to push it with a slight effort for it to move.
Because full body would consist of the legs and arm attachments. This allows for pant construction and/or swimsuits, body suits or cat suits. When it does not have legs it's considered half body.
I wish I could tell you. I bought it for my sister. It is really tall though! Definitely life size.
Bust 33.5" waist 25" hips 35" No, it doesn't include an arm.
Sorry, we only ship within the US. If you like this item to be shipped to other country, please send us a message. Thank you!
No, if you need to add an arm, you will need to tie the arm on the neck. Yes, Fullsize4 is available now.
The Tag size is actually 3 1/8" by 6 1/4".
No you do not. This die is a magnetic base itself. This means that you can cut the Tag and Bookplates with just the extended cutting plates. Also you can add the smaller Movers and Shapers Magnetic Repositional dies to this base. So if you wanted a heart cut out of your tag then you could add it to this base die and you will get a tag with the heart cut out of it. So have fun and enjoy. This is a great die and I just love it. Just go to this address: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxwbTGjvbx0#t=316 and it will show you about these dies. Hope this helps. :)
Yes they will. You will just have a lot of empty "white space" on your plate however it won't effect the die at all
No they cannot, sorry. They are only compatible with BIGKick, Big Shot, and Vagabond machines. Hope this helps.
Hello, It is up to you & the project you are doing. We typically recommend chipboard that is as thick as the back of a writing tablet. We don't recommend anything thinner than a cereal box though. Thanks, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
The Slice Elite is cordless and rechargeable.
I cut a bunch of flowers to decorate a paper chest, I did have to replace the cutting die often or it would tear the paper. I think I broke it.
I think you have to align your Slice machine. Sometimes it does not goes back to the initial position and next time will do that.
Sadly I do not think there is anything you can do, making memories is not customer friendly. You can try contacting making memories, but do not be surprised if they will not do anything.
Make sure there is a cutting blade in the machine.
It's closer to white than yellow, I use it all the time in for displaying my scarves on Etsy, and it looks great! Well, that's my opinion anyway.
Hello, We also have 6/8w, 10/12w, 14/16w, 18/20w, please see our store front and you may search for them
No
The base is round and measures 14" across. It's very thin, but very heavy and stable.
Yes, it is. I have my mother's wedding dress displayed on it.
the display forms are: Shoulders/Chest: 34.5" Waist 23" Hip 34"
Just got mine. It comes with an adjustable stand. Stands approximately 65" maybe taller
Professional is probably better quality material and sizing would be more controlled.
Roxy website has measurements: http://www.roxydisplayinc.com/webpage/info%20page/dressform%20chart/female%20half.html
Yes Jie, you can send us a message, we will have to get more info from you to calculate the shipping + handling fees. Our amazon.com store Fashion Display is currently for US market only, so the shipping + handling fees you see will not be enough for oversea shipment. Thank you!
Hi Lindsey, yes the butt area of the dress form is curved. Both the bust and butt area. Happy shopping! :)
No clue does not say.
I gotta tell you, I don't recommend this dress form. It's incredibly hard to adjust up and down.
Don't know about any cardboard, but padding yes. And this is exactly what I expected. Very high quality. From the description: 1.Covered with High Quality Fine Linen 2. Collapsible shoulder 3. Sides flange 4. Adjustable up & down 5. With hip shape 6. Pinnable Surface( covered by fine linen, and multi-layer padding underneath.)
Sorry we only have black base for now. Thank you!
Did you ever get a response? I was looking for a back view..
I would say around 6 foot.
Bust- 34 1/2 Waist- 25 1/2 Hips- 35 1/2
No
Here are links for those sizes: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0D0316 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0D0XFC http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0D2R1K http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0DBH9S http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0DB02W http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0D9VSC
Yes
Hi, Sorry, we don't ship to Alaska. Lisa
Sorry, I don't remember the instructions. But it should be fairly easy to put together. I think the silver poles first, then slip on the spiral part, and insert the silver pole and spiral part to the black pole. After that, you might want to insert the completed pole into the bottom piece, which is the wheels, and the last thing is the dress form. You might need another person to help you put the dress form on top because it is quite heavy and then just screw the top notch. Sorry if I couldn't help you anymore than this. Good Luck!
Hi Julianne, We just update a picture showing the back of the dress form. please take a look form the following link: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0049IPGR6 or this one with 1 arm http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00JQKDNA4 Thank you!
I believe it was shipped in two decent sized boxes. I've had mine for almost a year so I don't remember the specifics but you do have to assemble the dress form once it arrives.
collapsible shoulders - These help when dressing the form in tighter fitting garments. When you try to get tight clothing to fit you rotate and contract your shoulders, something a stationary form can't do unless it is equipped with collapsible or removable shoulders.
Yes we have, here is a link for it: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B004J5YALC
35.5-26.5-36.5
I'm not an expert, but based on what I've read, I'd try to make sure the shoulders and upper bust were correct for you. I suppose you could pad a smaller form out for the shoulder length, though. I think collapsing the shoulders is more for fitting a top that doesn't open (like a buttoned shirt) over the form, and that wouldn't help you. There are a number of different brands on the market, so it's worth doing some research to compare the measurements; I have know idea if the sizes are standard. Hope that helps.
Front length (from hollow to waist): 14" 1/4 Back length ( from base of neck to waist): 16"
This form is a half-form, so it's really only meant to do shoulders to hips. If you take a close look at the picture, you'll notice that a) the form continues as a wire-frame cylinder, and b) the pole is in the center. Both of these features make it impossible to get a pair of pants on. However, I do believe this company makes a form with legs for working with pants. Try googling the company name and see what's available in their stock- that's much more what you're looking for.
I can't really tell, it looks the same but you get the bonus of having an arm to fit clothes. Mine has collapsible shoulders which helps a lot when fitting some tighter items. You may need to contact the manufacturer to get more details.
If you're getting it for yourself only, you could. Or you get the Uniquely You form. You get the size closest and modify the cover to your size. I've had both, and that one is totally pinnable.
Yes the center pole goes in to the stand and when you step on lever by the legs of the stand pole slides in to the mannequin.
Yes it is.
Probably not, I had mine for two + years and it is holding up well.
as I remember it came in 2 boxes, one large box for dress form itself and the metal stand, the drss form is about 15"(w)x 51"(L)x 9" (H), so the box should be a little bit bigger. the 2nd box is for the pedal, about 19" (w) x19" (L)x 8" (H),the box should be a little bigger. maybe you can ask the supplier, they should be able to give you detailed shipping info.
It's not "white thread" but a special bobbin thread. I've always used it - never matching top thread. Works fine for me.
I try to place the number sticker inside the other end of the spool, but some have come off with use.
My Floriani thread has it at the bottom, but if these spools have it, it's too difficult for me to figure it out.
Yes, they are suitable for all home embroidery machines.
There are 1100 yards on each spool.
30
Hi yes they will work but the thread is cheap it frays and breaks easily it may be ok for hobby embroidery but if you plan on doing it for resale i recommend Isacord thread :) I hope this helps you :)
Mine did not come with the rack, however they have them in most stores for about $9.
I don't know why it wouldn't. It works on all my machines just fine, Featherweight, Janome, Brother. Very nice thread.
I use these.
Yes
No, the hoop is designed to attach to the bill of the cap, with the bill being secured under the flap that is tightened by the two thumb screws.
yes it will That is what I have
It doesn't work well at all, but it's because the machine is really not meant for hats. But you don't need another piece. Hats with bills are almost impossible to do. There is nothing wrong with the construction or quality of the piece the problems are inherent in the machine and it's set up.
I have a SE 400 and it works great, I have embroidery several hats for the grandchildren , it's easy to use, I use the sticky back stableluzer , hope this helps
Yes it does
Yes
Attach it to the base of the 4x4 hoop without using the top of the 4x4. Then attach the 4x4 like you would normally
I didn't think it was worth it! The monogram still ended up to high above the bill of the hat. I was very disappointed! If you find something else that works please let me know!
Yes, but you have to have certain adhesives and I am still unsure how to use it. I have it and it does fit, but I have not used it.
1 sheet only, 9"x36". After purchasing this at 14.99 for one sheet, I found another sight called Vinyl Outlet that sells 12X15" for 3.99 each. That is a little bit cheaper.
No. I use the standard one that comes with the machine.
You can use scissors to cut it. However if you are using it for a heat press, the machine cuts the vinyl without cutting the adhesive backing. You need the backing to remove the adhesive from the vinyl after it is pressed. So yes to scissors if you arent using a heat press afterwards..... Hope that helps.
Heat transfer material is intended to be cut using the silhouette machine. I dont print anything on this heat transfer material. I have a wide variety of colors and layer when necessary.
I used a standard iron and it didn't work well for me AT ALL.
No. This is vinyl that you can cut shapes out of and iron the shapes on to fabric. There is no printing involved.
The airbrush compressor kit have everything that is needed to get your job done, you just have to buy the paint separate, it very easy to understand and easy to with if you ever need to....
Input:100-240v 50/80 hz. Output :12v 1.5 a
o yes it can , it can be used for nails, makeup, models anything am please with my compressor
It plugs in while using
I use Indian ink in mine . I am sure it would just have not used it on that material before
Yes it do
yes, I did the same thing.
yes it has a lid. Needed for air spray while using. Works great
I think so. I have seen file formats for the Bernina machines in the program. When you are installing the program, it will ask you the machine that will be use for. I understand that can be used for Brothers machines like mines, Bernina and various brands more .
There is no information on the card or on the box about which version the card is.
When you register the Ultimate Box, you will be asked for the operating system in your computer and the sawing machine that you have. Based on this information you will be able to download the program compatible with your computer and sawing machine.
Mine did. The cable is a regular USB printer type cable, easy to find.
The answer is yes, but I think you have to communicate with the supplier in order to get the Mac version of the program.
No sorry it wont
yes
Yes this will work
The supplier say that you can. The machine that we have is a Brother and works fine.
I am not sure as I have a Bernina machine
Nicole, I usually only use a sweater or jacket on "her" because I'm selling scarves and shawls. But she never falls over. I think she could handle more clothing! I hope this helps a bit. She is very light, but not tippy.
It is hot glued on at the bottom and it has a very thin lining of foam under the knit fabric, and thenit is a fiberglass shaped shell.
We purchased it for our petite 10 yo daughter to sew her own clothes. I'd say med/large or 8/10 youth sizes.
I just tried about 7 dresses on this. It fit a size 6 straight non-strechy fabric very well (from Dress barn). It also fit some 2s and 4s from JC Penney.
The waist is 27 and the biggest hip part is 35. I have the 6-8 size dress form.
It's a full form.
No more than five(5) pounds maximum.
Hi youngok kimcho, If you measure from the back leg to the front leg it is 40 inches. If you measure across from one front leg to the other, it is 31 inches. I hope that helps you make a decision.
Hi, I think I can help. You can angle the easel in folded position. And yes, you can size it down. It's a great product.
Yes
The size of the drawer is 12x 19 inches. You must have purchased a different model.
Yes, it comes with a flat removable palette with a thumb hole, made of wood.
I guess that you mean the drawer's dividers
Hi, No, the red ink paste is not water based. Most likely the cinnabar is mixed with castor oil as a base.
I'll answer a couple of ways. The ink should be supple enough so when you touch it your finger is generously colored with ink. Make an impression of your finger on a piece of paper if not it could be dried out. The other thing is if you have managed to cut a deep enough impression in the soapstone and to even it out use a piece 600 grit wet sanding paper on a flat hard surface and sand the face of the impression gently maybe 5 swipes at a time and then test the impression until it evens out. Hope this helps.
The one that I have bought its custom but I can not said unique because I doesn't buy another one......
Yes it is a beautiful case.
If you go to china town or etsy you can find seal carving tools.
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry! Unfortunately we do not offer carving of the chop. Please let us know if you have any other questions!
Dana, no it doesn't. Grest paper to work with. Used it exclusively for over a year.
four sheets of paper, not bound together, packaged in cellophane with a piece of cardboard to keep it from bending
I bought it to make a mixed media lantern. I bought it because if the smooth surface and sturdiness . I also bought it because I wanted to write on it. I think it would be great for detail work. Not as absorbent as other types of watercolor paper.
Greg, one of the edges is deckled. Don't know if you have used Fabriano 300 pound hot press, but it is a joy to paint on. I used to only use Arches, but have switched to Fabriano. The only draw back is you cannot scrub the paper or tape it down. I use push pins to hold the paper down. Highly recommend it. Steve
It is waist high, a good size for standing browsers. It easily fits 16"x20" artwork, but larger pieces can be put in the back. I can fit 15-20 matted prints in the rack and customers can easily flip through them. It has never tipped over. I like it a lot.
All the matted prints that it will hold, excluding frames.
One!
This one has four needles instead of two. This kit also has 180 yds of thread vs 30 yards of thread in the other one.
130B/#8C & 130A/#8S. Two of each came with my kit.
You need to hold the stitch on the back side. Depending on the seam length you need to hold some excess to weave thru the stitches
Yes
Not sure. I have only used the straight one . Guess it's for when you can't get to the back of the material so the curved needle brings the thread back to the front for locking instead of the back.
I use the kit needles to sew heavy leather. For jeans, a thinner needle would be better because the ones in the kit are large. Speedy stitcher does have smaller needles but I never used it. As far as the thread goes, polyester is really strong, maybe overkill for jeans. Nylon is strong also, if you are worried about strength I would use one of those. The Thread Exchange (website) has good information about different threads. Sorry, I do not have specifics but the needles and polyester thread that comes in the kit are likely too thick for what you want.
It's kind of an off-white or beige. It looks off-white against leather, but would look beige against paper.
The first one is threaded. I don't know after that.
I've never had mine fall out, but from looking at it, if you pull the tabs outward a wee bit it should fit snugly enough to hold it in place. May require repeating occasionally.
No
Yes
It appears to be hard plastic. I don't know about brittle, mine has taken a beating with packing and unpacking shows. I have gotten a few chips on the shoulders, but I cover them up.
The lighter skin n tone is the actual one.
Hello Pusang....The Helen Model does have hole in the base that is plugged and it appears when I tap on her head that the head is hollow but I don't know "how thick her skull is" ?? LOL...but it is a very sturdy model and I'm sure you could drill into it if you wanted to. :-)
I have a pendant necklace on mine that is a few inches shorter and it comes to the bottom of the bust piece. With some creative draping you might be able to pull it off. You could always tape part of the length behind the neck if it hangs too long. The surface is durable so it could handle strong tape even without damage. The proportions are by no means average but it's a pretty generous bust piece for accessories. I've never had any display issues and I use it for a variety of things like wigs, earrings, necklaces, scarves and hats. Very versatile.
Hi There Craft Lover :-) After looking at the pics on Amazon I'd have to say the bottom bald pic is the closest but if you'd like to e-mail me at my personal e-mail I've taken a good close up shot at my own Helen for you that I can send to you that you can take a look at.....kellispandl@gmail.com
Hi, Sorry, we can't combine shipping. Usually, mannequins are quite large and heavy and they are packed separately for delivery purpose. Fedex or UPS charge us shipping fee according to the package size and weight.The shipping fee for each item is fixed. Lisa
Yes, mine did
No..the hair is not included...you will have to purchase your wigs separately :-)
It is made of a plastic composite material. It has a satin type finish and can be weighted in the bottom (there is a plug). I've not had any trouble with it blowing over in the wind when at fairs.
I use a size 16 or 18 in a machine, depending on the material to be sewn. The thread probably will not fit through anything smaller than a size 14.
I think it would. It is bonded nylon so is less sun sensitive than poly thread. It runs through my machine well.
It should work just fine for that. I would not hesitate to use it for the same thing.
I am fairly sure this is the sewing thread my father used to sew leather material for car seats, and he had no issues with it. It's strong thread.
just generic
Don't know.
I would say no. I am not good with colors, but I would call it a semi-transparent off white. It doesn't look bad on my canvas, but it doesn't quite match the original thread. Hope this helps.
Yes.
all of my spools are 5 inches tall
This is a great project for beginners. It looks complicated but if you follow the directions it is easy . Looks really great when finished. Hope this helps Becky
Unfortunately, no they are not.
This quilt is for a confident beginner, some of the directions and seaming are difficult if you have never pieced a quilt. however, it is a great value and if you make some mistakes, it is forgiving.
Compared to coats the thickness and strength are equal this flows better through my machine. I haven't used Clark for years so I can't really say.
Hey. Yes it's black. Good quality!
If you are still wondering size 16 - 18 machine needles are the proper size for #69 thread.
I think it will however I use a very old industrial machine
Im sorry but I dont know how to answer that question im not sure of what that is.
I unscrewed the screws and added my extra pages that I bought. Then I screwed the screws back into place.
I don't know, but it will tear.
Open up the book and unfold the cover that is folded in front and back. There are screws there. Undo them and the whole book comes apart. Add your pages. Extra page kit will come with extension screws if you need more room. I hope this helps!
No, this does not have metal rings.
The pages are white with a clear plastic covering.
It comes with a clear wrap but I took that off. So far its been good quality- no problems
There are 12 white pages in this scrapbook. It is also expandable, so I recently placed 12 more pages in the book.
I think one pack extension of 15 would be enough. Binder is paper so it will extend but you dont want it to tear.
Twenty pages - Ten front and ten back.
Michaels has sketchbooks. They have hard cover and spiral binding. I used them for my daughters school scrapbooks and will do the same with my son. Very sturdy. They are in the art supply dept.
Yes. It takes any standard paintball (CO2 or HPA)tank. The ASA has standard threads.
Oh Its a great gun semi auto
All the plastic comments of the gun are hard plastic. Unless your bashing it against the wall it will not break during game play. The durable is definitely a 8 outta 10. Great for beginners and intermediate players. I would not reccomend this gun for speed ball.
there is not a double trigger for this marker
Yes this will come with a barrel cover for safety.
Yes
you will need a hopper, to load paintballs and a compressed air tank. Non of those things are included. After that, you will need to fill up your airtank at a paintball shop or air compresser and load paintballs.
Not good to use freezes the gun and stops working at times
No just the gun is all.
The connector for the C02 is tube on the bottom of the grip and there is no tubing showing at all if that is what you mean.
For envelopes I use 1/4" double sided craft tape. I place it on the envelope flap, but I don't remove the second side covering the adhesive. The customer can remove that and seal when they are ready. There is also an envelope glue that you can buy that you put on wet, let dry, and re-moisten when ready to seal the envelope.
The finished, folded envelope is 1 3/4" X 2 5/8". It would be similar to the size of a card that comes with flowers.
I'm not sure. I haven't tryed it
Hello, You can surely search in Amazon for the sizzix die to see the photo. Thank You, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
Yes! The handle fits hook sizes B through K. They come with rubber washers that slip onto the hook itself then it fits into the handle. There is a color chart on the back of the package showing you which color fits which hook. I cut it from the package and dropped it into a small bag for safe keeping with the washers. You will love this handle! I now own 7 lol. I'm working my way to one handle for each hook but the hooks change out quickly. You can even leave the washer on your hook when changing to another size. You can also use Susan Bates Hooks as well as other brands, I prefer Boye. I would recommend this handle to any Crocheter! I think you'll really like yours! Thanks for asking, Mary
Yes, the hook goes inside the handle. The green and blue part of the handle twists apart, there is a rubber "washer that fits on the hook. You slip the end of the hook into the lower part of the handle, twist the green part back on and the washer holds the hook snug. I've found this handle to be extremely useful and now own 5 of them so I don't have to change hooks as much but it's very easy to change to any hook from size B to K. I hope this helps. Despite some negative comments you may see I have yet to experience any problems with the handle and I crochet everyday using the handle. Hope you find yours useful too! Mary
It has 9 washers that would fit from B to J or K and since I kept losing these small pieces, I use a piece of eraser or yoga mat and puncture a slit/hole through and it would pretty much fit any sized needle snuggly.
It may since the bulb-shape of the holder keeps your hand more open as opposed to clenched tightly around the hook and the long handle balances it in your hand. This may be a more stable position for your thumb. Hope this helps!
No it doesn't. Sorry.
I have Boye hooks and it fits all of mine to size K. I can't answer to different brands but I would think so since it gives letter size as well as mm sizing.
I hold mine overhand too and it works well. I crochet tightly and hold the hook tightly and it helped with the pain from holding the hook so hard. It's a larger surface in your hand and I think it keeps your hand in a more natural position.
You can use any brand!
No, it is the exact same hook holder! I noticed that there are lower prices attached to it now on Amazon.
Not really, it only happened to me once,when I picked it up by the top rather quickly. I do lime mine very much. It is ideal for cutting small pieces . Hope this helps, enjoy your mat.
I believe there are only two pieces : the cutting mat itself and then the base that it rests on.
I don't see why not. The option that it turns could be a great help.
Not sure what the problem is. My fabric doesn't slide, I'm very careful when I pick the ruler up not to knock the fabric.
Yes, it would be very easy to use. Just put your template and fabric onto the mat, cut 1 or 2 sides of the template, and then turn the mat to cut the remaining sides. Much easier than moving the fabric to cut.
packed flat and warp free :) I also store it flat. You'll love it.
What kind of question is this?
Actually, the grid is 13 inches (one inch beyond 12 that doesn't have a mark) and the margins are an additional half inch on each side. Therefore, the actual board is 14 x 14.
Yes, Rit Dye will work well with acrylic cloth. Just be aware that it often dyes acrylic fabrics more intensely than natural fibers, such as cotton or silk. The color comes out deeper and more vivid. For example, if you dye a shirt that is made from cotton cloth but uses acrylic or polyester thread, the thread will pick up more of the dye and will often be a shade, or several shades, darker in color than the surrounding fabric.
Yes, it will dye the embroidery I don't know what kind of thread they have used for your dress but dying over can be tricky (if the embroidery is a polyester thread it will change the color but fad out possibly leaving you with colors you don't like). Most of the time you need to discharge the color and then dye over that.
Thank you for your email. You would have to take the fabric off of the rocker to dye it. You may need to do it a few times to get the color you would like. Please let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with. Thank you, Amanda Customer Service
This product will make your dress aquamarine, the same shade as the label. See if you can find the light blue shade you want and then try dying the dress.
No sure. But I used it to color a large painters cloth for a tablecloth. I still have dye leftover
Sorry, no advice. I was dying a cotton blouse - it turned out great and it's a very pretty color.
YES
I used it on lace. White lace. Not sure about polyester... If you have a fabric swatch of the polyester you're planning on dying, I'd recommend experimenting with that first, because I left the fabric in for the recommended time/ followed directions exactly, and it turned out way darker than how I thought it would be based on the color on the bottle. Could've been because it was white. Good luck!!!
Unfortunately the answer would be yes -- it will fade slightly. I love this dye and especially this color, but I always wash the dyed articles separately from other articles, and it does seem to fade slightly. Be sure to use salt when dying with Rit Dye because it does seem to help fabric hold the color. And even though I notice a slight fading over time, I still feel that the results are very good.
Yes they work. I found I needed to move the design to the left slightly.
I have the BLE, not sure if it's gold...about 4-5 yrs. old; yes, they fit my machine; but they aren't as sturdy as the ones you can buy from a dealer. I live in Costa Rica now and had to send these to a friend in the US, who then mailed them to me. If I could have gotten ones from a dealer, I would go that way. You get what you pay for. Next time I'm in the states I'll be visiting a Babylock dealer!
No sorry I dont
You will be able to a compatable table at JANOME.COM. Janome is a very high end brand. I purchased this one for my 22 yr old daughter. I have a Janome. I have an Aunt that has 3. Great Machine!
I sent it back to exchange for the 8770. I like Janome but this one is plastic throat plate among other things. Go with the 8770 (its the same as the 7330 Mongolia without the decal. It works great but does not have automatic tension. I love myths DC3050's for my beginning students, but the 8770 will do just fine and is put together better and runs smoother.
it comes with just a basic sewing foot. I purchased a separate even feed got for $50 to do quilting with.
No, unfortunately it does not. However, I will tell you I've had this machine for over three years and still LOVE it immensely. It is a very good machine!
No it doesn't have auto tension.
Yes, it can. At least the one I have does.
This is magnetic but I am not sure of the difference. This helps to place those movers and shapers dies any where you want them and keep them in place and it also raises up some because I tried cutting without it and it did not work. You might try looking up the difference between the two on youtube. Hope this helped a little.
If you are using a cuttlebug you will need a "B" plate, the base tray, your mover and shapers die, the paper and another "B" plate. The tray and the dies themselves are magnetic. If you are using a bigshot, you will need a clear plate on the bottom, the base tray, your die, the paper and the other clear plate. You do not need the magnetic platform because the base tray is magnetic. I think the magnetic platform is to keep the thin dies from moving. If this is not clear enough try looking on youtube, or go to the sizzix site. Hope this helps.
They will work with that also, but this is a wider and longer open base, so if you are planning on doing anything that won't fit into that one this is what you need. Plus this has no outer edge cutter on it. It is just for holding your dies while you run it through your machine to cut your image.
Yes
I don't even know how the pop 'n cuts work. Go to youtube and type in "base plate with pop 'n cuts" or "how to use pop 'n cuts" and you may be able to find something there. Hope this will help.
Judith, all you need are the regular cutting pads which are clear and come with the Big Shot machine. The pads are also sold separately. I have the base tray and enjoy using it with my projects. Cheers! x
No. This is designed for hand needles
Yes, I have been able to use different sizes of needles with the Bohin needle threader.
I don't know. It will thread a size 10 or 12 quilting needle but sometimes it takes a few tries. The clover needle-threader is more consistent and so I think it is better. Hopefully, a beader can give you a better answer.
It has in my experience. It handles both large and smalle needles.
No
Yes
I haven't tried this particular size needle and brand of thread but I don't see why it wouldn't work. I use it with embroidery thread all the time. It even works well with 2 strands of thread. It's save me hours of time.
NO! That is for hand sewing needles only. There is a product made for threading sewing machines. Look in ypur local sewin center. 2Doors
Yes it can. I use it all the time.
I am not sure the plates may be different thicknesses I think that width wise it would but not sure about the height, I won't leave you in the lurch. Please look at the site below and email the lady, Ebony is the guru of these machines and dies, She has very good contact and will email you promptly ,I believe that she has a great hand in accuquilt, She knows all the different cutters and can tell you right away, Good luck- either email or phone, At worst measure the height of your present dies and you could also contact accuquilt to ask about their dimensions, As I am on holidays I don't know for sure, Hope this helps https://www.lovebugstudios.com/cut/
close enough.
You could probably use the 10 with this die-cut but 10 won't work in a go baby. Just the go.
I just did some research on Google on this product and if you type in Sizzix Big Shot-vs-Accuquilt on Google it will take you to youtube and show you a video clip on how to do this.
You just get the cutter. You will need to buy dies and cutting mats separately.
Yes if you buy the die for 2.5 also 1.5 and 3.0.
It would probably work, but I would suggest putting copier paper on top of the fabric before putting the cutting mat down. Scrap paper is okay as long as the print is not on the fabric. This will keep the fabric from shifting. I would also try less layers (2 instead of 6) .
Yes
Go to the AccuQuilt website. They will tell you which dies fit the fabric cutter.
all you have to do is make sure the die is not more than 6" wide. Then it will fit through and can cut anything. Sorry, I didn't look up the tumbler die before I answered, but I'm pretty sure you're fine with it. Good luck, and I'd love to see your quilt. I have made two with the basic value die, and now I'd like to do the apple core.
yes
I want to know, can you also use Sizzix mats and dies, or Fabi mats and dies with the Go Baby?
By boxes I suppose you mean the squares? There are 2 squares, 4 1/2" and 2 1/2". The square in the middle represents the 2 1/2" half square triangles. These 3 units work together to form many kinds of quilt blocks. There are all kinds of new books and online tutorials to help you get the most from your AccuQuilt cutter. I wouldn't be without mine. I use it almost every day! Have fun!
yes, the 2 1/2 square finishes to 2", and the two triangles can be sewn together to also get a 2" square
No, they don't make anything that small yet. Thanks, Oren
We have the 8.5 inch square, it is number 55058. Thanks Oren
6x10
Measure the width and length and check it against what is available. It should be at least 1" wider and longer.
Not sure, I haven't used the 1/2 triangles. Sorry.
I the Studio dies, they have a 3.25 which finishes at 2.75. Look on their website www.accuquilt.com for standard and "GO Baby" dies.
I never tested if they float. But these beads are very low quality and when used for jewelry they break very easily.
depends on what you are making... i did the pony bead rosary (beads are connected by inserting the left side cord through a pony bead and drawing through to the right and the right side cord is then drawn through to the left), using a #9 cord. hole on this beads are pretty big that i think even a 12-10 gauge wire can go through.
I would think they would. However, I have not tried that with them.
Yes, however they are VERY low quality and break easily.
This was a great deal. I have had so many comments. Place some heavy tape over the joints. this will help keep the pose. For the price? It has paid many times over. It also makes a Defensive driving buddy, At home, gives the look, that some one is home. After having my home broke into.
About 6'. Slender build. Light complexion, not tan.
i don't believe so
22" inches
It all depends in what you want to do. If you like to make strip quilts and rag quilts, you should go with the larger one. If you like to make baby themed and appliqu quilts, you can use the baby. If the first number in the mat size that goes with the die is 10 it won't fit in the Baby, it is to wide. The Baby is 6 inches wide and the full size is 10 inches. So think about which type of dies you would mainly use, and this will help determine which machine to get. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks, Oren
They don't make a 6 inch wide strip for the GO! Baby, 55300. There is a 6 inch wide strip for the GO!, 55100. The circles will defiantly work in this machine.
I am afraid I can't help you with rag quilts. Sorry.
HI John , you will need to purchase dies separately . shop around for the best prices . also use a silver highlight to mark the cutting edge that is cover by the foam
Yes, it does. Just plug it in the proper hookup.
I use it with Windows 8, but it will work with 7 as well, not sure about XP.
It will.only work if you can save your project go the format needed and if your machine takes.a disk to transfer to your embroidery machine.
I do not know-but it does work with my Babylock Esante which is approximately 14 years old.
Yes. I ordered it last year and the card fits the Rose and the #1+.
Your machine must take a disk. If it does then yes as long as you save your embroidery to the correct format. If it does noit take a disk then No!!! It will noit work.
Yes, it says it does.
I am not sure about Windows 8. I have Windows 7 and a Baby Lock. I save as a PES file. Can you take one of your already saved files and put it on the Max card to see if the box is reading. We had to call Amazing Designs to help us thru. I cant load it on my laptop, but works perfectly with the desktop.
No software is needed. Designs are transferred from the computer to the card for use on your embroidery machine.
I was told you can no longer get the drivers for the Amazing Box so that you can use it on the newer computers. You will need to purchase the Little Max.
Hot glue gun works great :)
It has color added so if you are using it solely for decoration then no. If you want to bring it back to life then yes.
Now is fine. Its preserved moss.
I have some in an urn indoors that is 6 plus months old and still green. The moss on the porch with filtered sun is beginning to fade slightly.
My moss was out all winter and stayed green even being is owed on.
I'm not sure but this moss is dried so will not spread as live moss would. The case of moss should cover a fairly large area.
The photo is a good representation of the color. This is real grass....just preserved. It looks the same as moss growing in the woods with similar variations. The closest I can label is Crayolla Crayon's "yellow green" at its lightest to slightly darker shades.
It is in pieces about 3x3" up to 10". It should work well!
I don't think it's the right type of moss for an aquarium. This moss doesn't like water too much.
Yes, this is excellent moss.
So far mine has lasted 2 years and still counting! It's beautiful.
I do not think so it is very dry and I think but yet It gets wet every time I water my plants that is in so sure
No
Hi there - this bag will cover very little outside area. I used it primarily to cover the dirt of house plants. It has great color but doesn't go very far. And, just a word of gentle warning, if you have cats be prepared - they love it!
negative. This is preserved and dyed moss. I've worked with it for years, and definitely have never "watched it continue to grow." If it gets crusty, you can revive it by letting it soak in water, but note: it is still dead.
I don't know, but the moss does have a very peculiar odor. When I first opened the package, my husband said that he detected a smell of formaldehyde. I didn't, but since it's been decades since I've dissected a frog in high school, maybe he's right. I purchased this product to use indoors as part of last Easter's tabletop display. I wrapped the bottom half of each of twelve Italian alabaster eggs with the moss and placed them in a wire egg tree. Although when I was working with the moss none of the color came off onto my hands, when I disassembled the tree a month later, I noticed that it had permanently stained all of the eggs! So, if you do decide to purchase this product, be cautious with regards to where you use it. (I'm just glad that I didn't let any of it touch my wooden tabletop.)
Yes - there are 3 small covered screws (easily accessible) that hold the pages in the book. You simply unscrew them, add the inserts, and screw them back together.
Depends on how you design your pages. If you want more embellishments and journaling, you will put fewer photos. For scrapbooks that don't have a lot of messages/signature, I'd say 3 or four photos per page would look OK.
You buy the refill pages, they come with post extensions so you can keep expanding this album as much as you want.
Yes mine were blank.
12x12
As I recall they have a peal page you put the picture where you want them and the clear peace lays back down and sticks in place.
This book was a gift for family last year so I can't remember the exact pages. I think I put an extra 10 pages and put extenders in the post. The holes in the spine did show through. That's one of the reason's why I gave this book a low rating. I haven't used pioneer books before so I can't give you a good comparison....
They would definitely fit. You would still need to stick them on a 12x12 page. I would create a background page with a border.
Its 10 pages front and back total of 20! :)
The pages are like a sheet protector with a white piece of heavy paper.
If it is one of those prefab fiberglass or resin fountains then I would say yes. I used it to fix the bottom of my prefab fountain that had cracks in the bottom and the water would leak out. Measure out equal parts of the two liquids in separate cups. Then combine them and stir real quick. Then pour in the bottom of the fountain and tip the fountain around so the mixture runs around the bottom and covers the entire bottom. Sit it in the sun for about 15 minutes at it will be good to go. I did two coatings and my fountain is still going strong with no leaks 2 years after I used this on it. It dries a bright white and dries very fast especially in the sun. You can always spray paint the portion you repair if you don't like the white color. Of course if your leak or leaks are not in the bottom like mine were then modify how much mixture you make and you can always brush it on with a small paint brush or something. Hope this helps.
Smooth-on 300 is 70D hardness, different color, slightly better compression and tensile strength, and is formulated to be much less viscous (flow more).
I prime everything w/ acrylic undercoat. I can't imagine ur casting such large items that u can't do it by hand.
Smooth-On offers it's own line of tinting products. I would not use other methods.
No. This will not work for that application. You need to give more information. What kind of cutting boards (Wood, or plastic)? If you need to smooth plastic, then you could use two part resin to accomplish that.
Yes
You could make a rigid mask using this material.
If you are looking to voat foam our Smooth Cast 65D or 325 would be a better choice because they cure more gradually.
This is the two part plastic resin that you pour into the mold. It cures hard. This is a link to the mold making rubber. Hope that answers your question.
you should be able to get at least 6 or 7 masks from 1 kit. maybe even more.
I've used plaster, and wood putty, as well as polymer clay and resin, and every one of them came out just fine. If the mold would have an easily accessible place to remove the item being molded, it will most likely work just fine. The only issue I had with the quick-set rubber was that it could be stiffer than others and eventually break. If you're only making one copy, you'll be fine. More than 10 copies if it's intricate, you may have a problem. Other silicone rubbers might do a better job for the more intricate items if you're making multiples, but otherwise you'll be fine.
Yes indeed you can. Actually that is its most common use. I would recommend using a little bit of mold releasing compound if you are going to be casting detailed pieces. I average about 15 really good resin pieces from my molds when using this product.
Yes, it is fairly durable as long as you cast .25" mold vs. .125" or less. I would cast a one off and then put it through some tests and see how it does. Check their website for the official hardness also known as "Shor A" or "durometer" rating. It is very similar to POM aka Delrin aka polyacetol. It is not soft like rubber "40 durometer" more like 75 to 80 like a plastic. Should hold up to finger pressing but I wouldn't drop it as it can be brittle. Ambient environmental temperature can be important. Would not use in extreme low temperature for example. Does this help?
Yes...But. If you are using other resins that are low to moderate heat releasing, then yes. I don't see why you would have any problem. I have used 3 different resins without any problems whatsoever. I don't know that I would use straight fiberglass resin tho because I have had some that generated pretty high temps in the curing process. However, this is silicone rubber mold and it is rated to fairly high temps (I believe) so it should handle even the highest heat curing resins. Just don't know how the integrity of the mold would react. I can see where if one part of the resin cured more quickly it could cause the mold to bend or flex and result in a molded part not coming out to the correct dimensions. Might want to review the temp specs and make sure that the resin you are using generates heat within those specs.
Not an expert here, but this product produces heat when it cures and sets extremely fast. I would not recommend using it for candles.
Yea It can be used to make things like that
I want to say about 2 cups, but it's been a while
The short answer is yes. The issue comes in on clay is the complexity of the mold and the ability to remove particulates from the mold once completed. For clay I usually make an alginate negative and then a plaster or dental stone positive that I then make my rubber mold from. The alginate does a great job in retaining the detail from the original that is translated to the stone. As far as release agent you can use a standard release or just an aerosol cooking spray (Pam or whatever). Some have used things like vaseline but I don't like the thickness as it is hard to keep it from pooling in crevices and hard to get out and may interfere with detail. But if your part is smoother you can apply a little to your hands, warm it up by rubbing together and apply a very thin layer and that will work as well.
Not sure what your question is. If you are asking can this material be used to make a mold in which you can pour a plaster, then I would say yes. This material is generally used to make resin parts, but I would think it could be used to make paster parts also.
Yes you can use the silicone rubber mold to mold a another part made out of the same silicone rubber but you need to use a silicone mold release agent. This same process is used to make two part molds. If you didn't use the release agent, the uncured rubber would stick like crazy to the mold. I cannot answer the coloring part of your question because I only use the molds for molds and I don't care what color they are but I can't imagine why it wouldn't work. Alumilite has a website with some information, you may want to check them out.
Don't think this is good idea because even mixing a small amount (1/2oz) could produce heat reaction..You should always use the correct harder with the correct resin.. They are all different..
I do know that other sites who also sell this product specifically allow shipping by first class mail to international locations which is done by air. I do not know specifically if it is flammable but I do not think so.
If you've made your mold I would suggest finding out how much water it holds, then estimating that volume compared to the kit. I have embedded scrap to stretch the casting resin volume, but it will show unless a partial, cured pour keeps the scrap from touching outer surfaces.
I have had partially used bottles on the shelf for up to 6 months without problem. if you mix the two components together, you have a very short window of use. 5 min +/-. it is not reusable.
That would depend on what you mean by pen work, if you are talking about translating the details from a detailed work it would all depend on how defined the detail is on the original piece. if on the other hand, you are going to try and do pen work on the resin the answer would simply be yes! this product is really good at accepting detail work if you have the right tools for the job. to better answer your question, may I ask what you are trying to do?
First you need to make the sculpt of the mask. So get a mannequin head and some monster clay and make your sculpt. Then get some rebound 25 and brush on a mold then make a support mold then separate the two halves of the mold and coat with your silocone. De mold and put the front and back together and fuse with silicone. Trim that seam. There you go. There are many other ways to do this also. Check out the internet.
Yes this should work well. Dragon skin is quite flexible and really made for these types of projects. If dragon skin is a bit too tough I highly recommend ecoflex 00-30, it's skin soft and has a bit more give than dragon skin. Hope this helps.
Yes it will as long as you seal the plaster with an acrylic spray or even a release agent like Mann's Ease Release 200. Some folks use one part dish soap to two parts isopropyl alcohol to make a simple release agent for silicone casting into plaster molds. Apply sparingly and allow to dry before casting. If in doubt, test on a non critical part of your mold, like a seam line to ensure it will cure.
This is 10 Medium. It's very firm, but also has a lot of stretch and flexibility.
To my knowledge, no. You would want Smooth Sil-940 for food related applications. Dragon skin is more of special effects silicone for on skin applications.
I can't say for certain, but I do know this silicone is not intended for that sort of use. I definitely wouldn't suggest using it to caulk the seems of your tank. Creating scenic elements (like a reef), maybe... There is specific "Aquarium Silicone" you can buy that is specifically designed for the sort of use you need it for. It's very pricey though. The biggest difference between the two is that aquarium silicone creates acetic acid during curing which has properties to prevent mildew and mold. Generally, if a silicone is labeled as food-safe, then it should be safe to put in your tank. To be 100% sure, I would opt for the silicone that is specific to my need. Smooth-On does make aquarium-safe plastic resins though, and they even have a step-by-step tutorial on how to make reefs. :) Good luck with your project.
that would probably work.. check to see if smooth-on has a place local to you that you can take a look at the product and get more if you need to.
Our so-strong colorants can be used with our liquid urethane plastics
very good this product
White.
Yes it is. I mix up my homemade stain remover for laundry in these bottles. No problem with them :)
7.5in (19cm) tall - including cap. Diameter 2.5in (6.5cm).
Same dimensions as a 16oz Coke bottle, don't know exact measurements.
I molded an object with a volume of 37 ounces but it took a set and 1/4 of another set of these bottles. Safe bet that if you have a model with a displacement greater than the one I did, you need two sets. Some find the simplest way is to pour rice around your model then pour the rice into measuring cups to get a better idea of how much. The hollow mold that I made was about 11.5 inches high and 4 inches in diameter with a width of 1 inch on the sides and bottom of the mold. So.. to encapsulate a volume of 37 ounces with enough material so that the mold was free standing it was a set and 1/4 of silicone at the least. My mold did not have a top though, with a top, it would have been a set and a half, no question about it.
I think you would be better served having the cam reproduced via 3D printer, as already noted. A small cam could be "handcrafted" from a larger item.
Yes. You can use it for low temp alloys. Pewter, etc.
Probably two orders of this would do that. Depends how thick you want your mold. When making molds always get more than you think you need. If you're pouring the mold and you run out then the mold is incomplete and useless. I don't know where you live but ordering directly from smoothon is usually faster. They have facilities in Texas and Pennsylvania. You can't beat their products.
I used plasticine to sculpt a mask, then used the silicone to make a mold from it. It works fine, the smooth-on is a liquid so you pour it over the clay and let it dry. I had no problems with the 4 masks I did with it.
The surface you are using this on needs to be non-porous, or treated with a coat to make it non porous, or you run the risk of it fusing with the item. You could paint acryllic on it and peel, anything oil based will break down the mold in a few uses.
I used a thin layer of hand soap, it worked fine. I guess Vaseline also works.
No. There's a couple tricks to avoid air bubbles though. Interested?
Yes, thats the clay i use when making a piece. Just be sure to put a coat of the clear spray to seal it or the mold will tear your original apart and you'll have to scrub your mold. :) hope this helps and good luck on your work!
No. Its really soft and doesn't stick to anything. You still might want to spray the castings with Crystal clear before applying the silicone
I would say YES. I have my seven year old grand daughter helping me with this and if we keep the patterns pretty simple to start with she has no problem and loves it. She is getting one for Christmas.
I depends on what you are making, I use tiny seed beads #11, you can use any size bead you have to thread the loom skipping some spaces for larger beads.
62 to 63 beads wide or roughly a 5-3/8 inch width for the working area of the spring. Actual width of the finished project is, of course, dependent on the size of your beads.
Yes
The loom is about 9 inches long, which means you could make a hatband of about 16 inches. If you are serious about beading, you will want one of the larger looms so you can make bands of a longer length.
Yes
I don't see why not, because you can role the thread or whatever you are using to make it longer. Instruction tell you how.
I believe a size 10
I use 11/0, but that is what I want for my projects. I have also used smaller and I'm sure that you can go larger with no problem at all
A bobbin full of thread, assortment of beads, not crystals, 2 needles, needle threader and instructions, with sample shapes.
It will hold an 11 x 17 poster, the dimensions don't include the flap
The bags are 11 inches by 17 inches, with an adhesive seal along the top (the 11 inches side).
Hi Nancy-- I bought them a few months ago and just checked the package. They came with 25 bags. They are good. --Sue
1 inch
I think it would be good for that as I used it on some envelopes. It doesn't stick well to shiny or smooth surfaces though.
Yes, we stock them. Item 176 and 177 on gramcoschoolsupplies.com
Yes. There is a second tray under the top one. And I love mine! I got both sets - transparent and opaque. Beautiful colors, works like a charm!
This is the correct price for the 24 opaque watercolors by Grumbacher. The color names are not written in the case or next to the color. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do to assist you.
The opaque watercolors give a solid color with a matte appearance. The regular watercolor will be transparent letting you see through them without the strong matte appearance.
I believe it was around 50 but I am not 100% sure
Rachel, I put a digital mic on the corners of a square tapered toothpick, plastic, into several of the beads and the holes measured from 1.72 to 1.92mm. Hopes this helps. PS the inside of the beads is dark, and I'm sure they are a coated bead.
Hell No! Cheap Imitations
Is dye howelite gemstone
You can use it with cameras as well....it fits standard mounting
Yes you can. The image will project down, but you may need to adjust the legs to get the image perfect, adjusting the legs takes a second. This tripod is the best I have ever had.
the tripod? just over 4 feet....
Yes
I had to modify it to hold my Viewsonic projector. It just comes with one screw to go into the projector so I bought a mounting plate. Unfortunately the screw in the projector stand is metric so I also had to buy a new longer screw to work with the mounting plate. It wasn't too difficult but I couldn't use it out of the box.
yes, the tripod works great with the projector, just be sure to thoroughly tighten the attaching device!
I found it by mistake. I didn't know there would be a needle in the kit. It's wrapped in plastic. I suggest looking very thoroughly through everything to see if you can find it. I never used the needle provided and just used one I like to use. Hope that helps.
I can email you a copy of mine if you want. Just let me know specifically what you need.
Yes, the stitches will show through the back. The kit doesn't provide any extra layer to cover it up. What I have done, is sewn a piece of soft fleece to the back. It not only covers up the stitches, but it makes it soft for the baby. It's quite a job to sew this quilt; but the end results is so so cute.
I want to provide an answer but exactly what are you referring to -- which color?
It is already thinly quilted and has a binding on the edges.
Can't Amazon help you to contact the manufacturer about this? Surely you shouldn't have to buy a new kit just to get the piece of paper.
Yes you do need a hoop for this.
Cross Stitch Needles #26 should work
I am still working on mine....I have not had much time to devote to it. I think it would be a good beginning quilt, a lot of cross stitch on it, which is faster.
Mine was folded inside the blanket. Toucan call the number on the outside of the package and they will send you another needle. They are very nice to deal with
This is def clear however it reminds me of like sprite soda being the best way to describe how it is that clear but has bubbles in it like soda would so when it dries u may see a bubble if whatever you glue is clear.. Also, this stiff holds great but its stringy like crazy so when you try to glue something it will String from the tube to whatever u glue so I had to use a toothpick to swirl around strings each time I glued rhinestones to costume & had a few string lookin glue spots that still made it onto costume. Hope this helps.
I would not recommend using that on porous materials like cloth. It can get through and get really messy. Not to mention the horrible smell that you have to deal with. Try fabric glue instead =)
I have no direct experience with this, but this page: http://www.eclecticproducts.com/e6000_retail.htm mentions that the temperature range for the cured product is -40F to 150F. I would take that to mean that you can expect it to retain its potential between those two temperatures. They also mention that if frozen, you should let the uncured tube thaw out and reach room temperature before use.
I don't think so, it's not strong enough, and take long time to solidity
Honestly, there is no way to get the smell other then keeping your windows open and maybe having an air vent. It can smell bad but it won't be harmful if it is being airing out it the window and if you are directly not close to it. Just wear a face mask if you want and keep windows open. Sometimes you can do it outside too. Hope this helps!
I have never used it for glass to glass but I have used this stuff for the last fifteen or so years and I have never been disappointed. Temperature has no effect on it. I mostly use it on plastics. Hope this helps.
Yes this is a very durable glue but there are many other kinds out there that would do the same that are not so expensive
I have just glued glass to glass, or plastic to glass and it is so solid that once it dries you will not get it off without breaking item.
This would be great for that purpose...a little ribbon of glue on each side of the broken piece should do it. You can apply it to the seams if you wish...it will dry clear eventually...might want to wear gloves as this stuff can be tacky at first. Good luck!
Bryan: probably, but I would google 'what should I use to repair a ski top sheet.solution' instead, and find out what the pros use. This would be find if you only ski once or twice a year - but I think you'll feel better if you fix it right. My husband thinks this might work (if you're talking 'de-laminating' - but I'd still google 'how to relaminate a ski tip.solution' first. I see needing to use clamps, etc. so that the bond is good. And...you're going to need to cover the area with E6000 which means you're going to have oozing. So be ready with goo-gone or whatever to clean it up. Too much information, perhaps. But skis are expensive, so you want to do it right!!
3 feet long, but the bottom foot has no feathers.
As far as my knowledge they are.
They are not bendable to the point of remaining in a bender state; they are easily breakable under too much stress
The whole eye is about 2 inches. The iris is just over 1.5 inches on average. Hope this helps
Yes,.i had to cut them
About 30" each
Yes, there is a great deal of difference. You don't have to heat-emboss Perfect Pearls. You stamp on Perfect Medium, then brush on the Perfect Pearls. Brush off the excess and you're done. That's the big PRO. The Con is that if you want deeper, more pronounced images, you would do better with extra-fine embossing powder and a heat tool. If you want to know just about the Perfect Medium, it's on the same idea as VersaMark.
Yes, it is similar to a Versamark ink pad, staying wet to give you time to add embossing powder and heat.
It really depends on how much you use it, but you can get a "reinker". You add some of the reinking fluid to the sponge and it will be good as new if the sponge is still in good shape. Just search for Perfect Medium reinker. You can find it here on Amazon. Hope this helps!
I believe it is made in the USA as most of the Ranger products that I own are. The re-inker package states that it is made in the USA. I have already disposed of the packaging for the actual pad and it is not shown on the bottom. The perfect pearls as well as the distress pads are so I would imagine this one is also. You should be able to find all info on their website www.rangerink.com. Hope this helps :-)
baby wpes
package. about 1 foot long
12 but they are small but I prefer the big ones
12 very small
This is a package Very small dowels
No. But there are plenty of generic extension tables you can purchase.
It comes with the regular foot and a zipper foot
I'm not sure I completely understand what you mean by "start and stop button, but I have this one and the "power" button is on the side, the foot pedal makes it start/stop, and there is a forward/reverse lever on the front of the machine.
Vietnam
I haven't used the machine for fur, but I do know that it had an exceptionally large foot and the feed dog seemed really strong. It is a mechanical machine and solidly built. I thought the price was amazing.
Yes, the shuttle race of the bobbin case does require oiling. Please see the section regarding machine care in the manual on the Juki website. Here is their website address: http://www.jukihome.com/downloads/manuals/HZL27Z_InstructionManual(GBESRU).pdf
Class 15 bobbin (plastic).
On the machine, it says Made in China.
I recently purchased this machine as a gift for my teenage daughter. The machine is straight forward and easy to learn for a beginner. Not a whole lot of "accessories". I was worried about the quality of the machine for the price I paid, however the machine is very well built. I own a high end Bernina and wouldn't think twice about buying another JUKI in the future. If you are looking for a model with more "bells and whistles", check out the JUKI HZL-35Z Sewing Machine. The higher end model includes more stitch settings, auto needle threading (also included in the lower model), and a hard case. They occassionally go on sale for under $200. Good luck!
I don't know.
I believe the main difference is that the 2010Q comes with the speed control and the 2000Qi does not. So, you can basically "shift gears" on the 2010 and it will lower the top speed of the machine, so that you don't have to worry about pressing a little too hard on the presser foot and having the machine run away from you. Whether or not this is a feature you would care about, I have no idea.
I measured 8 5/8" from the needle to the vertical right side of the throat.
Walking foot, free motion foot and straight stitch quilting foot. This machine has one stitch. The feed dogs can be lowered for free motion quilting.
No. You turn knobs to change the stitch length or presser foot pressure; push a button for needle up/down; push a button for automatic needle threading; lift a lever to raise or lower the presser foot (or press your knee against the knee lever); hold a lever down while you stitch to go in reverse for a back stitch; push a button (or press your heel on the foot pedal) to cut the thread and raise the foot. It only does a straight stitch so there's not really anything to computerize. The machine is all metal (even the bobbins) not plastic, industrial strength, and sews like a dream.
Yes
TL-2000Qi 6x9" Arm Space, 12x18" Extension Table, Knee Lift for Presser Foot, Walking Foot for Even Feed, Threader & Trimmer, Needle Up Down. On sale Monday. Thanks sewingmachineoutlet precisionsewingmachine
It should handle the leather nicely. The machine has enough power, but the weak link is the needle, so get a needle that is meant for leather. I suggest using slower speeds to avoid breaking the needle. Trial and error will tell you how much thickness can pass under the presser foot and not bind up. You can also use the old seamstress's trick of lubricating the needle for extra thick spots. Do this by rubbing your thumb and forefinger on your forehead and then on the needle. Most of us have enough oil there to do the trick.
Precisely why I bought it ...fmq perfectly. Bought a supreme slider too. Using it as a midarm with Gracie quilt frame and Gracie stitch regulator ($60.00) Off frame, no stitch regulator necessary. LOVE JUKI they are the best!
Juki warranty (inclded in box) states "2yrs. on motors, light assembly, wiring, switches, circuit boards and speed control and 5 years on all other parts." My machine is 1 month old and I absolutely love it. Used primarily for quilting and straight stitch. Very well made heavy machine. Very Happy.
call the Grace company and check with them. that is where I got my controller
8 inch we have it on sale for 679.00. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
No
in China. I just got and started testing my machine today and I love it. i've heard Juki oversees the China factories well.
I just purchased this machine and one of the selling points was the needle threader! I have NEVER been able to use a threader on any machine I've owned. I tried it in the store and the first time it threaded like a charm! And it has worked ever since. I LOVE the needle threader on my Juki!
You can find a advert on all brands.com that would be the most reliable answer. It had everything that took advantage of all the stitches.
This tablet is amazing, I have zero complaints so far - the drawing area is close to the size of drawing on an 8x10 sheet of paper. I haven't tried a Wacom, but I can't see what one would offer that the monoprice doesn't (this has hotkeys, pressure sensitivity, battery for the pen and an led blink to let you know when its in range). Also many applications (GNU Image Manipulation Program, mtpaint, aseprite and other animation tools) work out of the box with it (at least under GNU/Linux - which I'd guess for sure they do on Windows/OSX) as far as having great defaults for the pen's two buttons (open menu/zoom in and out etc.). I highly recommend this tablet.
Works out of the box with Arch Linux, no weird drivers required.
The pen doesn't reverse to erase, I'm afraid. You have to use an eraser hotkey, which to be fair, you could map to one of the buttons. It's still MASSIVELY worth getting.
No the cord just sticks out
I use it on a mac os with Gimp, can't speak for Ubuntu or Blender
I would not see why it shouldnt work with linux. Standard tablet drivers should do it..
It does IF you are working on two monitors. In my case, I am using it on at laptop and occasionally, I have to use just one monitor and things can get screwy. Now, I have not check for any driver upgrades for several months but a good question to as their "support" team.
It works on my PC with Windows 7 in One Note, so I don't see why it wouldn't work on the Surface Pro 3's One Note.
The pen is pressure sensitive but it is very sensitive. Essentially there is a very fine point before the pen reaches the pad that divides 'hovering on screen' and 'writing on screen'. This is truly the only negative that I have for this product. It takes some balance and practice before adjusting to this difference between the two actions.
Yes.
Yes it comes with those.
I only have the purple one, which is more of a suede material. I think it's very sturdy. The sides aren't stiff, but with containers inside, it keeps its shape. It has both a small handle and a long strap too. I've carried it into work quite a bit and haven't ever had any problems. I hope this helps!
right now, my craft items are packed because we are in the middle of trying to move. Personally, I think that there is ample room for you to store her rubber bands in the side pockets. Inside the zipped top, there are also 3 long, but narrow pockets...more room! There is a large pocket on the outside that should hold the loom perfectly. All in all, I would absolutely reccommend this for your daughter.
Hi, They do make other sizes in the organizer boxes, some are taller than the ones in this CraftMates Lockable.The onesthat it comes with are: 9" long, 4 5/8" wide, there are 14 small, lockable sections in each little box. Each lockable section is 1 1/4" wide, 1 1/2" long and about 1" deep. There are 6 of these containers in: the Craft Mate case.
I left the wheels off mine so I could slide the legs under the couch. I can use this at its lowest setting and level or slightly tilted at the couch. I can also use this with a standard office chair. Without the wheels and at the lowest position the table top is 26 inches from the floor. I slide the table to different rooms at different times and it doesn't drag on the carpet or scratch uncarpeted floors. The maximum height is 31 inches. Wehn at the lowest setting and the table top is vertical the height is just under 36 inches. Add 3 to 4 inches to each of these numbers when the wheels are installed.
No. It is that slightly texturized melanine. It does clean up well but not whiteboard surface.
There is 21" between the feet. Also, there is a horizontal brace 6" off the floor. It is an easily put-together, well-designed SMALL drafting table.
Yes, it can be.
The table comes with adjustable feet not casters. If you can find casters that have the same studs as the adjustable feet then it would be an easy swap.
36" wide by 24" deep, height variable to about 36".
Yes, table can be placed flat and does "tighten" down. There is not a lock but have placed some what heavy items on the table and has not moved. I love the table and already bought two. Hope this helps.
Table can fold down flat like a regular table, but legs do not fold in. You are only able to adjust the height and angle you want the table to be in.
No
Yes, all you need to do is remove the two screw's that hold them in place.
The table-top surface can go as low as 26 inches above the floor, and as high as a little over 30 inches above the floor. I am 6 feet 3 inches tall, and find that the 30-inch height is perfect for me. When the table tilts, it tilts from the front, near the user, so the front, for me, stays at 30 inches high, and the back raises up higher than that through a dozen or so click-stops, up to about 45 degrees, if you want. Nice table for my work. The three small drawers are pretty handy, on the left side. I don't use the simple stool seat very much, but a height-adjustable "tractor-seat" on wheels works well for me, and adds a splash of red and chrome to my studio area.
Yes, it can be fixed flat or slanted.
no does not collapse only tilts.
Hi, smiley 78, I think the table and stool will work OK for a little person. The height of the stool is fixed, at 20 inches from the ground to the seat. The foot-rest is four inches above the ground. Most dining chair seats are only about 18 inches from the ground, so the stool gives a little more lift, or loft, than a dining chair or kitchen chair, and the foot-rest rail is nice. The table itself can be assembled either higher or lower, depending on need, or choice. The table can grow as the little one grows, just by adjusting the four hand-knob locks, one on each leg. Easy! I hope this works out for you and your family. The table slants from horizontal to 40 degrees (almost 45 degrees). This is pretty versatile. Good luck, and best wishes. --Joe; Tucson
The table-top will sit absolutely flat and level. I'm still thrilled with the table's simplicity, as well as its versatility. I hope you have a good experience of it, too, or with some other table. I'm a little tall (6 ft. 3 in.), and I like that the table-top can be raised to suit my height, or lowered to suit smaller peoples' height. Easy to do, also. All best! It's helping my art. I use it flat-down a lot of the time, too, by the way. --Joe / Arizona
Laptop yes, tower no.
Yes. This is exactly the type of nib you want to use for copperplate style. Specially if you want very thin lines, which look more elegant but work better for small projects, like wedding invitations or so. And if you use them with the right paper and clean them cautiously they last quite a while.
They are all the same nib size. Good to have several available when using different inks in drawing.
Yup yup
Yes the nibs are removable. They are the type with the rounded, tube like end. Now when you purchase this set, it is all the same size nibs in each holder.
This picture is a little misleading. I bought 2 different rolls at once so not sure which one is which but either way I would definitely say its not tan, doesnt look like they used a brilliant white gesso/primer but it is white.
not sure but had hole about every 4 feet or so. I bought this for an artist. The painting was abour 42 X 56"
It was received in such poor condition and was not primed as stated I gave it to a neighbor for a tarp on his house pairing project. Do not order from this seller it does not come on a roll all twisted in a messes ball and shoved in a little box. A true piece of crap.
Either will work just fine with this although if you are stretching it to a frame you're probably going to want to put an additional layer of gesso on it.
I don't have a clue but I think it was well worth the money. It stretches well, easy to work with and arrived in good shape.
Please clarify your question. I do not know what you are asking about. If you want to know whether or not the canvas is non-toxic, I really don't know. If you want to know if you will be able to use neon paint on it, I don't see why not, except if the paint is not non-toxic. If you want to know if the canvas will be big enough for your cage, clearly it is.
If u looking for weight it's about 18 lbs a roll...not sure what your asking..
I'm Not sure what you are asking? Can you ask in a different way?
There is no glue on the back. They are REALLY small.
Yes they are flat backs.
To me they look yellow, but I think that could be a matter of opinion. I don't know how gold you'd like them to look. They are pretty small.
Rub the surface with an emery board before applying glue, and it should adhere.
Not that I know of, others from this seller may be
They are really small and they are all mixed together so it's hard to say how many there are. But the main colors are pink (two shades of these), blue, orange, yellow, red, turquoise, purple and green.
yes we do have a some colors in the 3mm Stars, which color do you need?
2-3 days
3-5 business days
Have the appearance of Arial font. All upper case.
Not sure what flare ware is but the harder the material you are trying to stamp the lighter the impression will be. These stamps are of a hardened material and should make a stamp mark. Even in Stainless Steel.
I got my set of letters and steel block on Amazon and the hammer at Ace Hardware.
I should have said "I don't know!" However, I would think that heating is unnessescary! Your trying to place a certain amount of gold with impressions into a softer material. Try it without heating first for the results. Then try with the heating! I think you will find the best way to transfere the gold onto "Leather" will give you the answer. I think that heating the "STAMP", would cause the Gold foil to become too thin and then too brittle to have a solid "Stamp Mark" impression for your needs!
Honestly these are very shallow. It took a while and many boo boos swinging the brass hammer but eventually you'll get the swing of it. The biggest culprits are "M", " W" and "R". These are good for the price but I'm thinking if this is something you'll want to do a lot you would be better off buying a pricier set.
upper
These letters are really small and are really great for stamping on metal, but I really don't think they would work very well with ink.
Lettering like on dog tags.
yes
I'm not sure what you mean by "oval based", but this set is exactly as pictured. Well worth the money.
I think the s ( stylist) model has extra presser feet. But I'm not 100% sure on that
I looked thru the manual and I did not find fashion presser foot in it. I think this might be the general purpose foot that the machine is equipped with already. I must say, tho, that the 7567S Model comes with extra attachments that are great. The best one is the Even Feed Walking Foot. It's wonderful for sewing multi-layers and on coth that slips easily like the new PUL waterproof cloth used in making diapers. I love this machine. I had a year now. Fashion sewing, quilting, and embroidery. Also, important note, this model has two lights, not just one, and a drop feed capability. You can't go wrong on this one. Shipped from Amazon quickly and safely.
so far I haven't done anything with denim, but I do quilt and have sewn thru several layers of fabric and batting without difficulty
110 volts, US only.
It does
I don't know for sure except it seems obvious to me that there would be. I would contact sewing machine shops or get into the Singer website and look. If you find nothing addressing replacement parts, use the "contact us" tool and talk to someone or e-mail someone. They may even send it to you as a complimentary perk for buying their machine. I love the Singer company and would never again own another brand of machine.
no...and don't buy it! I returned it. Poor quality, not like the old Singer. Very disappointing.
No, it does not
Our machine, purchased is in the USA, comes standard 120V to fit American/Canadian power outlets.
It is very easy. There is a pull out that tells you which number to use for each of the stitches.. The pull out gives you the number and shows the stitch so I think you would be happy with it. I had never sewn before and I had no problems..
The extra large would work, for the bust though i would suggest using an old bar that still fits, then fill that with padding till it fits the frame correctly that is what i did and it worked beautifully.
There is a size chart at the manufacturers web site, fabulous fit.com. What a bargain! Wish these had been on sale when I bought mine. It is a great system, you won't regret this purchase!
Looks like you are considering a "fabulous fit" (company name) form. They are quite good and also quite expensive. When shopping for a commercial form make sure it has collapsible shoulders so you can get the garment on and off the form. (If you don't know what "collapsible shoulders" means, just look it up when researching on the net and you'll figure it out. You an also make your own form (Threads magazine has published several articles on how) or your can buy a form which is based on a casting of your body (google "my twin" for sources)
Yes! By choosing the Medium Fitting System, you can recreate both measurements. The covers are very stretchy, but with a good memory, so both area can be padded easily.
It depends on your shape. I purchased a larger size. If you think you will need to add a lot of padding to certain areas, then order larger. The cover is very snug and smashes the padding down firmly.
I believe it will; just make sure to order the small or extra small.
Amazon ships to the UK now!!! YAY!!!!
Yes I own Fabulous Fit and absolutely love it. Well worth the money as it allows you to make a perfect fit. Love this product!
Yes it can be. I have a generic dress form and I purchased this system. It works fine.
I've been selling paper folders for about fourteen years now. None of them are substantially louder or quieter out of the box than any other unit on the market, and they all inevitably grow louder over time. I'm a big fan of the 1611! But its not special in terms of noise.
You can put about 50 depending on the thickness of the paper and then just place another stck in as soon as it runs out it dosnt stop running while you do this so its fast and a real nice folder I love it
it will fold up to 5 sheets at a time
it folds it. The rollers do need to be cleaned periodically, more often with glossy paper
no it does not seal and fold
Yes, I use it to fold about 500 pcs of regular copy paper everyday.
The machine will fold legal size paper, except for the letter fold. We use the double parallel setting for legal size paper and works perfectly for mailings.
Well, I just tried it with 65#, don't have any 100#, and it did fold it but it wasn't as crisp a fold as on lighter paper. I love this machine but if you use a lot of card stock I probably would not recommend it.
Martin Yale Industries, LLC. General Warranty Martin Yale Industries (MYNA) warrants, for the period of time listed below from the date of shipment, all component parts and workmanship of its products to be free of manufacturing defects. Martin Yale Industries retains the right to authorize labor to repair any of their products in the field or have the machine returned to our factory for repair. Martin Yale Industries will repair or replace any component part found to be defective within the warranty period, not caused by accident, misuse, or improper maintenance, damages by freight handlers, act of nature or unauthorized modifications or the use of other than Martin Yale components or parts. Warranty is conditioned on notifications to Martin Yale's Customer Service Department by calling (800) 225-5644. All materials being returned for warranty credit must have a requested Return Authorization number (RGA) from our Customer Service Department, and must be returned within thirty (30) days after the discovery of the defect. All shipping costs on the returned material must be prepaid by the customer, credit will be issued, including the cost of ground freight, if the item proves to be defective. Incoming cartons must be clearly marked on the outside with the RGA number and "Warranty Parts". Martin Yale is not responsible for products that are returned and are not in their original packaging or are packaged insufficiently to protect the enclosed materal. Excluded from warranty coverage are normal wear items and electrical components. These exclusions include but are not limited to knives, cutters, belts, chais, PC boards, Optics, paper punch pins, blocks and rubber rollers. These items are not included for consideration unless the components are deemed defective. This warranty is in lieu of all warranties, expressed, implied, statutory or otherwise. Martin Yale Industries make no warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. To the extent permitted by law, any conseqential or incidental damages of any kind, including, but not limited to lost profits or other economic injury are not warranted. Martin Yale Industries, LLC. General Warranty Finishing Equipment: Folding Machines, Booklet Makers, Letter Openers, Business Card Slitters, Score & Perforating Machines, CD Insert Slitters, Guillotines & Paper Trimmers, Paper Joggers, Stackwagons, Collators, Padding Presses, Moisteners, Check Signing Machines, Express Tabbers, Paper Punches, Reference Systems, Catalog Racks, Posting Trays, Keyboard Drawers, Printer Stands; One year parts, 90-days labor. Paper Trimmer blades have a lifetime warranty. Martin Yale reserves the right to repair or replace at our discretion all finishing products that are covered under warranty. Disclaimers: a) This warranty applies to current models only. For discontinued models, consult original warranty. b) All repairs must be pre-approved by Martin Yale and performed by an authorized Martin Yale technician. c) Extended warranties are subject to the same provisions and terms of the general warranty. d) Martin Yale makes no warranty of merchantability or fitness of any product, for any particular purpose. e) To the extent permitted by law, any consequential or incidental damages of any kind, including but not limited to lost profits or other economic injury are not warranted. f) This warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, expressed, implied, and statutory or otherwise and is subject to change without notice. g) Must have proof of purchase to claim warranty.
You would use a Z fold for letters. You would use tri-fold for brochures, etc. This machine does both and much more.
Bust is 38", Waist is 29" and Hip is 38.25" Remember you can add padding to the dress form if just your waist is bigger or to the waist and bust, where ever you need to but you can't shave anything off the dress form. Padding can be quilt batting pinned to the form where you need it. This is a great form though, which ever size you order. No complaints.
bust -38 waist - 29 hip - 39 shoulders - 5 7/16 across bust - 7 1/4 X-back - 14 7/8
You can pin into it everywhere, BUT it's not as easy as on a Wolf brand dress form.
Hi&#65292; Usually, we ship out through UPS or Fedex. Lisa
This dress form is full scale.
Hi Claudine, Yes, we sell right arm only. Please click on the following link for this ST-Arm10-12: http://www.amazon.com/ST-Arm10-12-Right-Female-Dress-Form/dp/B00IAZNU5O/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=undefined&sr=8-1&keywords=st-arm12 Thank you, John
There are 2 big boxes for this item.
Looks like they added a second picture to the dress form entry. It contains all the measurements for every sizes. Best wishes
On the 12 form...the bust is 38", waist 29" and hips are 39". The forms are just beautiful. Infact, I kept the 8 that I ordered by accident just because it is great for display. Hope that helps.
Hi, On the machine it says anywhere between 100 - 240V input.
Thanks for your question. Yes It is a great machine that will work on any light or even heavy duty work. Perfect for all your every day mending, and for any sewing projects.
I bought as a gift it didn't come with the power cord, it is very slow and weak. I would get something else for her, so she can learn properly.
Yes, it's pretty basic. I found it helpful.
Yes, this machine is perfect. It is very light and the handle on top makes it easy to carry. It sews as good as the pricier machines. I love it
You can make a buttonhole with it but it does not have a buttonhole feature on the machine. This is a very basic machine but does sew well.
It looks like a phone charger and it goes into the machine
Yes but if you have the money I would by a better sewing machine its useless
This machine is good for beginning to sew but I would not recommend it for putting in a zipper. It's not that heavy duty.
First make sure you have the correct type of needle. Remember a needle on a sewing machine has a hole at the tip (bottom) not at the head (top). I hope this helps.
It has a speed control that you can slide lower or higher and it offers very good control.
Yes, Thanks sewingmachineoutlet
If you contact us, 1-877-4-FABHUT, we can discuss the price further. It does have the auto threader. As far as comparing the machines, it would depend on what you are primarily doing with it. Each is a great machine, but they are stronger at other things. Please contact us and we can discuss your needs and find the right machine at the right price for you. Thanks, Oren
Hi Mary, Yes it comes with the free motion foot. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Sewing Machine Warehouse
it came with a 25 year warranty that my local janome dealer honors.
I think it might just do - I have this machine and love it. But for Queen sized quilts, you might want a machine with a longer harp area but this machine has about a 9" harp, and there are others out there with a couple more inches - such as the Janome 7700, and also models in the Viking, Pfaff, and Bernina lines, as well as Babylocks and Brothers.
8 3/4" to the needle is correct.
It sure does, it sews like a dream!
Christina E. Zig Zag Foot A (installed on machine) Overedge Foot C Rolled hem Foot D Zipper Foot E Satin Stitch Foot F Blind Hem Foot G Cording Foot H Overcasting Foot M Automatic Buttonhole Foot R Quilting bar Quilting Bar for Even Feed Foot Basting / Darning Foot P 1/4" Seam Foot O Even Feed Foot Open Toe Satin Stitch Foot F-2 Cloth Guide with Screw Screwdriver (standard) Screwdriver (combination) Spool holder (small) Spool holder (large) Set of Needles Lint Brush Seam Ripper Knee Lifter Accessory Box Bobbins Power cord Foot Control Instruction Manual Extra-Large Acrylic Extension Table Thank you,
I find the light to be satisfactory...but I do have an extra light I use when I sew evenings that enhances the light.
This is a high quality product! If you're looking for one to buy, get this one. Really cool inflation/deflation tube. I have been out spearfishing with it about 10X and works very well- still in great shape. Thanks!
With the same valve that you inflate it, inside there is a horizontal piece of plastic, push it in and that will allow it to deflate
7 1/2 x 7 1/2 x 12 High
Yes, the line floats. Id suggest to have a wheel, because it traps frequently. But the buoy itself is light to hold and travel, but hard enough and very trustable. The vale is strong, too.
Yes
Nowhere does it say on the package but I don't see why not. It's woven cloth, it's 100%cotton and it's washable. Try embroidering a very small sample of cloth.
yes you would need to hem it.
I don't believe that muslin would be appropriate for shorts unless you are using it as "lining" in addition to another, more durable, fabric.
I don't cross-stitch and to answer your question, the muslin fabric is evenly woven and is a good quality fabric.
it is cut from a bolt folded and sent
Before laundering the fabric is rather crisp and I feel that it will be quite soft after laundering.
It's a medium weight. Heavy enough to use as a backing for a quilt.
It would be too thin for that in my opinion. I used it as a boarder in a quilt and you could see other fabrics when I would lay this on top.
This fabric is nice & soft & lightweight & sheer. Using it in between two layers of a very sheer fabric would give a tiny bit of extra 'body' overall. I wouldn't say it'll act like batting, but it will change the hand of the item being made. It washes very well.
You would need pre wash it and not be worried about wrinkles because it is not a very good quality. I make baby bonnets and I've had to use it as pattern material because of the poor quality.
nicely woven all cotton. Did try to paint on it, but can't see why you couldn't after washing it
Yes
If the question is: Is this fabric too shear for a skirt? No, it's a nice light weight. Some of us might wear a slip if the sun's shining! I made several beautiful tops with my fabric and it washes and comes out of the dryer very nice.
Just add more to the quantity. The packages are pre-packed as 2yd packages and they will send you multiple together is you choose it at checkout. That's what I had to do.
2 yards of fabric is more than enough to make a long skirt, but you will be limited on width.
I don't think so, this is really thin cotton. Very see through. You would have to double or triple it up for clothing.
This fabric, after washing, will be soft and 'drape-y'. However, it is not as sheer as a batiste or gauze or chiffon; all of which will also puddle and wash well. Do you anticipate the need to launder the canopy fabric from time to time? If so, stick with softer cotton or cotton/poly blends. The fabric you are referencing in your question comes in 2 yard pre cut lengths. Is that an ideal length for your project?
hi there, yes it does work, look this up, it covers cte, at amazon. ( Wacom Bamboo Flex Nib Set (5 Pack) For CTL, CTH, CTE, MTE, INTUOS4 ),
I have the CTH-670. I purchased these nibs and those from tier site, not much price difference. They seem a bit harder than the ones that came with my tablet and not seem to have that perfect fit as the others.. but I have no problem using them.
I am not certain that the nibs I purchased will work with your tablet. However, I did a quick search and found the following (also on Amazon) that might be useful for your unit: Wacom 'Ultimate' Replacement Nibs Set for All Bamboo Tablets, Intuos4, Intuos5, Cintiq [Standard/Flex/Felt] by Wacom Be the first to review this item Price: $17.99 & FREE Shipping In stock. Usually ships within 2 to 3 days. Ships from and sold by Its Electric Online. Compatible with most Wacom Tablet Pens Not Compatible with Wacom "Feel", or any other Wacom Stylus Flex Nibs gives a more flexible feel when writing or drawing Felt Nibs gives a "higher friction" pencil on paper feel *Pen Not Included* Ultimate Nibs Set Includes 1 pack of Standard Nibs - ACK20101, 1 pack of Flex - ACK20004, and 1 pack of Felt - ACK2003. Compatible with most Wacom Tablet Pens Including but not limited to: Cintiq, Intuos4, Intuos5, CTL460, CTL470, CTL480, CTH460, CTH470, CTH471, CTH480, CTH660, CTH661, CTH670, CTH680, Intuos5: KP300E2 (Classic Pen), Perhaps this set would be a match since your tablet type is listed in the product description. I hope this helps! Thanks.
Yes.
Sorry ... mine is a CTH670 - maybe 2 years old... not sure about the CTH680 but they work great in my pen..
Yep! Fits mine perfectly!
I don't know. I 'm sorry. I am not tech savvy. I bought them to replace the one that my son had and wore out the tip.
Yes, I've used them with my create and a cintiq with no issue. (With the create, I recommend buying a cover because it wears down nibs fast with its tough surface!)
hi there, yes it does work, look this up, it covers cte, at amazon. ( Wacom Bamboo Flex Nib Set (5 Pack) For CTL, CTH, CTE, MTE, INTUOS4 ),
No, but it's easy enough to pull it out with your fingers or pliers.
You can use any brand. :)
The book cannot be too thick. I bough this product two times and it broke both times. The seller gave me my money back without asking for the product back. It is not worth in my opinion. The lamination part of the product burned before one hour of use! Sorry, but I believe that there are better products in the market. Thank you!
I have not tried binding with page protectors. Before trying it, I would recommend doing a heat test on your page protectors. If the plastic melts easily, you may not want to use them. If I needed to bind something that was in page protectors, I would probably put the items in a laminating pouch instead. I don't know if the glue strips will adhere properly to the plastic. You might have to use hot glue. If it does work, let us know. Others may have similar questions.
I have done as few as 5, since they are double sided to fill in
Yes but be careful how many pages , don't put too many
No it would be way too thick.
SORRY, I HAVEN'T
I honestly don't know, but I bet they are. I'll have to check on that.
I had it on my computer and when I got a new laptop, I loaded the software on it as well.
I just create a design and put it on a flash drive and put the flash drive into the embroidery machine.
Yes, you can. Enter each letter, one at a time. For example, I do the larger letter first in the size I want it, and then center it. Then add the left letter in a smaller size (usually half the size of the center letter, but that's up to you), align it, and then the right letter, and align it. Click select segment and it will keep the letters together as one. Also, if you want them to be different colors, you can do it one of two ways. You can put the ~ sign between each letter, click on the letter and set the color. The second way is to pick a color before you enter the letter. Then change color again, and enter the second one, etc. There are also fonts you can buy that automatically have the letters right, center, left. Not very expensive...I think I paid about $4 for a set. I use embroiderydesigns.com because they offer three free designs a week, and I get a newsletter that has great ideas. Happy embroidering! Linda
I prefer letter it. You can do much more with letter it including using your own fonts.
I have the brother PE 700 and Letter It. They are great together. I use the PES format. I would guess that the PE 770 does also. Letter It actually is compatible with about a dozen or more formats, so it should work for you. You can also check the Amazing Designs website. They may have more information regarding the compatibility of their software.
I do believe it is on there. There are so many font. This is a great product.
The smallest fonts that are legible are 4mm. most clothing label lettering is smaller than options in this program. For monograms and larger lettering though it is a very nice program with lots of options.
Plug the machine USB into the computer, once the machine recognizes it, you can upload/save the design directly to the machine. I have had this problem also. Remember to choose PES format.
Yes, I upgraded to a computer with windows 8 and have not had any problems with Letter It.
You would not be able to open a pes design on your computer unless you have a softeare. This one is great to work with and is very easy to use. You can even merge your fonts with this program. Good luck!
Anything smaller than 3mm.
I have boiled mine.. and I have not. No noticeable difference although when you boil a bunch of it at a time it does release stuff into the water whether it is natural stuff or not. I usually boil for 5 mins. dump water out and boil again for a few minutes.
I don't believe so. I wanted 100% cotton with no chemicals, so I'm hoping that I selected the right one. I boiled mine before I used it to remove any "sizing" etc , to make sure it didn't contain anything harmful.
You will need the Premium Vinyl. We have many choices of colors to choose from, including white!
NO
The one I have is 9 inches wide by 10 feet. Hope that helps
I do not sell this product, but I use this product. Some vinyls are for indoor use only, it means that are not washables, dust resistance, or heat resistance. I have been using this product in bedrooms and car (Windows and doors) and it last at least 6 months.
The indoor outdoor sticks pretty good and would be hard to remove. The indoor only would stick but remove a lot easier. Neither kind would leave a sticky residue
The product comes on a tube and is 9 inches wide by 10 ft long.
9" x 10'
My particular roll was 9 INCHES wide by 10 FEET long! Hope this helps.
The Transfer paper is not clear. It's like regular white masking tape where you can kind of see through but not 100%
Yes, it is 9" wide. I am not sure about the length.
We actually bought these forms for a small museum collection. They are safe to use with antique clothing, as far as I know. We are very happy with them.
Size 4-6
You have to decide where you want your elbow to be and bend into position. There was no discernable indication. I love mine and I searched for a long time.
No they can not make a letter T sorry
This mannequin is approximately a size 7/8. To display larger sizes I usually use clips for a nice fit. It works really well.
Yes, you can display pants with this form. You just loosen the screw, remove the form from the stand, and make sure you put the left pants leg on the stand pole, drop the pants down, put the form back on, then pull the pants up and fasten them. It's a little bit of a hassle, but they display nicely.
It is foam and the size is a bit bigger than 2, kind if between 2-3, not as slim as I wish it was.
The cups I received were roughly 1" inner diameter and 1" in height.
TINY! I don't have them anymore to measure, but I'm estimating not even an inch! Totally not what I expected.
2 tsp fills to very top
allison, i hadn't used it yet,so i tried to tear out a page so i can answer your question. yes, they tear out easily.. just take the loose corner opposite the attatched corner you will be tearing away. raise the loose corner slowly putting pressure on the attatched corner and it will tear easily. just go slow.... the darice is a quality product... good luck... d.b.
yes, make sure the surface is clean and the black charcoal is very strong of the paper, when you trace the picture make sure you do slow and harder.
I use a ball point pen that is out of ink...I would think any kind of a stylus that would not cut the paper would work..
I tested it with a black Sharpie and it does not bleed through to the original beneath. It also does not feather on te tracing paper, it works beautifully. Very clean and takes to toe paper well.
I wouldn't recommend using this in a printer. The material is very thin and tears easily. If you really need to it might take a couple tries.
medium:} oh wait let me get my micro caliper. pad is about 7/32" not counting cover and backing
The surface is to slick to write on with ink..
No, this is super thin tracing paper. You need "iron-on adhesive paper". Not sure where you can get it but try amazon.
I know a lot since even though it was bought for clay, the physics class used it for doing experiments with the students literally standing on it. I hope that helps
It sits 4" off the table. The base is 7" in diameter. The top is 11 3/4" in diameter. Very sturdy.
It's not ideal, however; there is a small section of shaft showing, maybe .25 of an inch or smaller, and the rest tapers up into the wheel. You could get a belt on it, but i'm not sure how well it would work. Also it's pressed into the bearing so it doesn't unbolt from underneath, and being casted aluminum it would probably fall apart trying to remove or separate it.
No they are mainly for decorating semi finished products or altering them
It's pretty solid. I don't know what normal tables are like, but this seems to be a nicely balanced piece. It's not that expensive either.
I am not sure about it separating but I would not recommend it due the finish would not fair well in high temp. applications. If using polymer clay I would suggest using parchment paper and transferring it straight to the oven.
It is 30 centimeters in diameter and about 11.5 tall
Good sizes to me...
This is about 12 inches in diameter... Made for sculpting so you can spin your piece all the way around to work on all sides.
You have to spin it yourself. It's a basic banding wheel. While mine needed a bit of grease, otherwise, it spins very smoothly and very evenly.
Yes, mine did.
It does a chain stitch. This stitch is sewn with a single needle and forms a chain of looper thread on the wrong side of the fabric. This is a durable and flexible stitch used for seaming knit fabrics, attaching elastics, attaching biase tapes, etc. (Copied from the user manual)
no. it does not. it is a "cover stitch machine". Janome makes a very nice 5 thread serger that makes a 2 thread chain stitch while sergin. but if you want a proper three thread cover stitch, and a proper 3 thread serged edge at the same time, your only options are the BabyLock Evolution/Ovation models.
Yes
not hard at all the manual is very clear and easy to follow.
No. It can be used for seam binding, top stitching, and elastic application with appropriate attachments.
Right to left 7.5" from the base of the machine 4" from the needle. Nice little machine, I got it to teach the Granddaughters how to sew. My other machine is a Janome embroidery machine... Hope this helps you.
I just weighed my sewing machine on the scale and it read 12 pounds
I don't know the difference, but, yes, the 1030 does have a needle threader. I researched these a few years ago, and am really happy with the decision!
Plastic.
If you mean a walking foot, it doesn't come with it but you can get one for about $49. There is another Janome on Amazon that comes with one but it's about $200. more.
and yes it does have Blanket stitch !!
I can't find any official documentation that states it's dual voltage, but when I asked Janome which of their machines are dual voltage, the dc1050 was on the list.
The manufacturer gave me the runaround; Amazon refunded me 50%.
I haven't tried yet, since I just got my machine. While I was researching machines I found a you tube video demonstrating sewing a seam like jeans have on denim and then he folded it up twice like a hem and it sewed great.
It does. I wouldn't buy this machine for even for free of charge. Its high wear and tear parts are made of plastic won't last long.
I don't know the exact number, but it lasts as long as a regular 15J bobbin. I use it on my regular Singer for our church sewing group, and this was the only place I could find pre-wound 15J. FYI, I don't think 15J's hold as much as 'older' bobbins.
They work beautifully on my PE770. I have never used anything else on my machine. I hate winding bobbins.
I bought them to work with the Janome MC12000. I am not familiar with the Singer machine you are talking about. I was pleased that they worked for my machine. They seem to be a standard size.
I am not sure about the E350. I use them with my Janome 300E
I have mine around the old black hard case for my Singer featherweight. It is VERY tight. I could not use it for the machine without the hard case, as the cover is very thin, and soft. It does not stand up on it's own. Was not what I had expected.
Maximum interior dimensions of the bag are 15" x 8" x 12" approximately. Since the Brother CS6000i is 16 x 6.7 x 11.4, I don't think it will fit because of the 16" dimension.
My Janome sewing machine is 14.5" long x 11" high x 6.5" wide. It fits in the bag very nicely with some room to spare. It's a small bag with no pockets so all I put in it is the machine, cord & foot. Good construction; sturdy. Really nice to carry my small machine to quilt retreats.
What is size of your machine compared to singer featherweight? My featherweight fits great with room to spare
Hi.it is a large bag.but I put a hello kitty by jamone machine in it.I wouldn't want to put a large one in it.Nancy notions carrys a great bag for large machines.and they are made to last for only 29.99.and Hancock fabrics also carrys the same ones too.and when they run sale you can get them for about 19.99.I hope this helps.I also have a euro pro machine with hand case on in on bag.but this one was not what I excepted.
What are the dimensions of your machine?
after you bake it
No. Once you have baked your clay, you just brush it on like any varnish. It takes about 30 minutes to dry and 24 hours to really cure. I like to do two coats to give my work a nice glossy look. This is a great product because it does not yellow over time and you clean your brush with warm water and soap. Good luck!
It is water proof just be sure to apply at least 2-3 coats.
This glaze is safe over most things. As long as it doesn't rub off when you touch the item then you should still be fine to glaze it.
If they're regular photos printed on photo paper, it will work fine. But they're printed on regular paper with an inkjet or laserjet printer the ink will run unless you spray them with an artist's fixative spray first. This is true for all decoupage glosses in my experience.
I'm not 100% sure what to tell you... it really depends on what you are doing...I make 3-D surfboards, snowboards and skateboards using bake-able Sculpey clay. For the parts of the board that I use the clay on, I absolutely use the "Sculpey glaze" but for the rest of the board I just use a polyurethane or exterior gloss varnish depending on whether it is meant for indoor or out door. Best bet is to use the recommended product for the medium. There is nothing worse than creating something great, and then "F-in" it up because you did not use the materials which were recommended! Hope this helps.
Sculpey Glaze is similar to a varnish. After baking polymer clay, the glaze is applied with a small paint brush. After the glaze is dried it is a sealer and protective coat. Gloss glaze is shiney, satin glaze is semi-shiney, and mat glaze has the least shine after drying.
You should do a test section on the plastic to see if it will bond to it. This glaze is intended for Sculpey or Fimo clay, but I have bonded these clays to surfaces such as canvass, wood, snow boards, skateboards and surfboards and it has always worked. But some plastics are really glossy and the glaze may not adhere to it...it will either peel off or come off easily if you scratch it with your nail. Another option if you are bonding the clay to plastic: use the Sculpey glaze on the clay parts only, then switch to using RUST-OLEUM Ultra Cover -GLOSS CLEAR (Home Depot) it bonds to most surfaces and looks the same as the Sculpey glaze, you will not see a difference. This combination has always worked for me. Good luck!
No you can't. If it soaks in water it will become soft and begin to turn back into a glaze.
The picture shows the glaze that is put on the clay after it is baked in the oven. Sculpey clay needs to be baked
http://content.janome.com/documents/File/ManualFile/Inst%20book%20DC5100(Eng).pdf I had the same question before I bought mine. If you go to the model at the janome website athe manual has a list of the standard accessories. When you receive the machine, be sure to check that everything is in the box. Sometimes attachments are missing, but the supplier was very good about sending my missing part to me. The list of standard attachments: Bobbin Spool pin felt Assorted needle set Additional spool pin Straight stitch foot Zigzag foot (set on the machine) Satin stitch foot Zipper foot Automatic buttonhole foot Overedge foot Blind hem foot Darning foot 1/4 seam foot Walking foot Quilter Seam ripper/Buttonhole opener Large screwdriver Lint brush Large spool holder Small spool holder Spool stand Foot control I hope this helps.
Here is the link to the bobbins that I purchased thru Amazon that I can confirm work in this machine (DC5100) as well as the DC2013 and DC2014. http://www.amazon.com/Janome-Sewing-Embroidery-Machine-Bobbins/dp/B001UCN48M/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1395589741&sr=8-1&keywords=janome+bobbins The individual part number for the bobbin is 102261103 and the part number for the package of 10 is 200122108. Here is the corresponding listing from the Janome website accessories section http://content.janome.com/index.cfm/machines/accessories/All/Bobbin_-_Plastic
the working area between the needle and the side of the machine body is 6.5 inches and the hight is 5 inches. This space is great for quilting baby quilts and larger if you know how to roll and center-outside sew. I pray that I have helped answer your needs. chanlin
Can't compare the two models, but I can report on the 5100. This is my dream sewing machine. I've sewn on Singer, Brother and Home. I've liked my Singers, but the Janome is my dream. I'm recently retired and plan to keep my Janome's pedal "to the metal."
"Janome Mishin Kgy?, Janome Sewing Machine Co., Ltd.) is a Japanese company that is one of the leading manufacturers of sewing machines worldwide, with manufacturing plants in Japan, Taiwan and Thailand." This is from Wikipedia. It's an old Japanese company named from the round bobbin that looks like a snake's eye. That's what the Japanese word Janome means - snake eye. Ain't the Internet wonderful!? This is new to my wife, the seamstress in the family. She is impressed with the quality and after taking a couple of lessons on the machine to learn about all the stitches, she is ready to sew!
No it does not- but it is a great machine.
I have had many machines over the years and this one does a beautiful job on letters.....no they are not handwritten....so don't expect that perfection. I use them to label one of a kind handcrafted gift items, make labels for heirloom quilts, etc. Beautiful.
The two beeps are to tell you to stop sewing as the machine is having problems with feed, thread etc. Usually the only time mine beeps and quits is when I have sewn too fast and created a massive nest of knotted stitches below the fabric from the bobbin. If you have the manual page 54 lists needle thread problems. if you don't have the manual go to Janome.com and select the USA site, then go to search at the top of the page of the sewing machines and type in DC5100 , hit search button and it will take you to specific info re DC5100 and then you can see the instruction book. Hope this helps. EES
This machine Weighs more than some of the others, but it is very well built and has a carrying handle. Yes, it is quite portable. I think you would be very satisfied with the machine.
I just measured my box that my Janome DC5100 was shipped in and here are the measurements 16 1/2 inches high, 20 inches wide and 11 inches deep. I hope this helps. Mary Jo
I can't tell you anything about Pfaff because I have never owned a Pfaff. When I bought the Janome HD3000 I was looking for a heavy duty sewing machine that would sew through layered heavy fabrics, such as denim, etc. I had a Singer at the time, and had always owned Singers, and had noticed that with each new Singer I bought, the quality was less than the previous Singer. I don't know what happened to Singer, but in my opinion they have put out a less and less quality product over the past 10 to 15 years. The question I asked in my search engine was something like "what is a good heavy duty sewing machine". That led me to a demonstration video where I watched someone using the Janome to sew through the depth of fabric layers that I needed. And when I bought the machine, it worked just like in the video. It sails through layers of fabric that used to invariably tangle up and stop the Singer.
the outside have some plastic but all internal parts are metal..I am very happy with this machine I did a large upholstery job in heavy vinyl it did not miss a stitch and went through several layers easily
Yes
I use this to quilt on. I don't have the exact measurement but I think it's about 6". I can do up to full size with a little maneuvering and lap quilts no problem.
I would say this machine will work for what you need it for, as long as you leather needles. However if you do leather on the daily I would invest in a industrial machine like a Juki 2000QI which is going for cheap on here.
There are different walking feet for machines. I have two janome machines, and all my feet are inter changeable, including the walking foot (purchased separately). You have to look at the foot specifications as to whether it will work on the janome. Most give you a list of machines that are approved for its use. Hope that helps.
2.0mm is within the stitch length range that this machine is capable of handling, but because there are no notches in the stitch length adjustment, it might be difficult to get it to exactly 2.0mm. However, for the purposes of FMQ, you'll be able to get it quite close enough. As for frustration, I think FMQ always comes with frustration at the beginning, regardless of machine. I haven't tried it on this machine yet, but I haven't seen anything that would make me think it would be any more frustrating than on other machines, as long as you remember to drop your feed dogs ;)
Sorry, but I don't know. I use it on a sturdy desk. The machine itself isn't overly heavy, but I don't know how it would do on a regular sewing table. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
Maximum of 860 stitches per minute. Awesome machine and easy! Garage up top is brilliant.
In addition to the attached presser foot for normal sewing, there are: a blind stitch hem foot, a hemmer foot, an overedge foot, a zipper foot, a transparent buttonhole foot, a zigzag foot and an automatic buttonhole foot. When I use a zigzag stitch, I use the normal foot (don't change it to a zigzag foot) and it works fine. I use this machine almost daily and am very satisfied.
about 2 inches
I use this to hold 20"x32" posters on Fomecore. I dont know about the strectch canvas because you dont want the top of the easel poking into the back of your painting. but if you can find a way to support the back area and it is not too heavy, I think it will be fine. My boards are a full foot taller.
Don't have it in front of me, but have used it at about 1-2 inches from the table W a higher poster have taped a support to balance as it is only about 15-18 inches tall. It is a bit less stable this way but can work
Yes
Movable/Adjustable.
No, it is too small.
If you position the legs properly, this should have no problem supporting your book...
Hello. Yes, the compressed sponge is a cellulose sponge that absorbs very well. They expand when liquid is added and become very soft and durable. thanks.
Yes, and about 1/2" when wet and expanded.
sorry I have no idea about this subject.
The Anniversary Collection is made in Germany.
Only 1761 were made (the 1761 is in reference to the year the company was founded) and each case has an individually numbered plaque and certificate of authenticity. it has around 446 pieces.
Thanks for your question, As on October 8, 2013 this art set is $1,785. It is important to note that the price is set by the independent seller, and not by amazon. I hope this helps!
The Anniversary Collection is packed in a 28x19x9 box. I hope this is helpful.
Yes it can. I've used both this and Kirby brand products, and I can't tell the difference. They both have some kind of "dirt shield" technology, and they both suds about the same amount. This stuff is more concentrated, however, so it isn't mixed at the same ratio.
This is a foaming cleaner, not the best for a rug doctor.
Hi Kristopher! Thank you for your inquiry! We offer Free Shipping on orders over $60 and flat rate shipping on orders under $60 when purchased directly from us BisonOffice Unfortunately, amazon does charge shipping per item and we are unable to adjust it. Aiste BisonOffice
Franlin carpet shampoo is AWESOME AND SMELLS AWESOME FRESH FRUITY SMELL. YOU SHOULD TRY IT FOR SURE.
I'm not sure if you can but its says that it can be used in rotary shampoo machines, I never tried it using a machine. But I know that its great on upholstery and can take you a long way and it creates alot of foam when you agitate the area that your going to use this product on. Smells nice and works great .
No the neck does not bend, the head screws on and is rigid.
There is a hole in the bottom of the left foot and a metal dowel that screws into the base. form just slides on metal dowel...very easy......does not bend a waist..... but arms remove for transport........definitely recommend I will probably get another one in a diff size!!!
Yes.If you want to order more than 6, we can give you some discount on the shipping fee. Fashion Display
yes. It actually comes with the body already capped. You have to option of putting the head on instead of having the cap. It is a very nice body form! I am extremely happy with it
It's 42 inchs.
This is Definately NOT a 5T. I use it to model a product, and have it dressed in 4T pajamas.
Chest 18 & 3/4", Waist 18 & 1/2 " Hip 19 & 3/4 ". Very slim compared to an average size 4 but it has been a big help regardless.
Chest 19" waist 19" it is very skinny my 5 yr old great granddaughter ha a 21" waist it runs small but it's well worth the price I wish I had bought a long time ago
Yes .. true full body form. You can stick pins all the way around, even in the legs.
Yes, the body form stands by way of the left foot inserting over a 6 inch long post. It easily slides off.
There are no stops. There is a mark on the sliding knife that shows you when to stop as it comes to the measurement line on the mat. You have to be careful but it is not hard to make good cuts.
32.5 inch opening on ours. I just measured it. Also put a pice of cardbord in there that was 32" with a little room to spare....so yes, you should be fine.
Yes, the length of the razor blades is what limits the thickness of mat that can be cut.
This is designed to provide angle cuts, so the blade that runs on the tracks will cut at an angle. It will cut pictures although it is not made for that. It does, however, come with an individual exacto blade cutter so that you can manually cut straight angles (like a paper cutter) using the stationary guide to run the blade along. Hope this helps.
No, that would be closer to 8 ply, and this only does 4 ply. There is no way to adjust the depth of the blade that deep.
Well once you place the cutter on the track;the engage the blade by pushing the button down on the blade you can push or pull.It's a simple straight line if on the track correctly; at the start of your cut push the blade down securely so that you feel you have penetrated the mat cleanly. Then start at the bottom or at the top of your line. In my experience it creates more resistance with the pull than with the push. Keeping a sharp blade is critical. The thickness and quality of the mat have a great deal to do with the resistance you will encounter. I am very pleased with the unit and found the CD very useful with practice and patience you will get great results.
Yes, a straight cutter can be purchased (from Logan). It makes it much easier than cutting with the knife.
Yes. You will need to adjust the depth of the blade of the straight cutter or use an exacto knife which is my preferred method. The cutting guide may not sit flat on 3/16 foam board. The angle cutter will also need to be adjusted for foam board.
0.040" 4 ply and 0.052" 4 ply
If you look at the Blick.com web pages, you will see that the elite is claimed to have a different cutter, or maybe two cutters, and adjustable stops for the cutter travel. The latter are said to be for "production" cutting. I have not felt the need for any of these. I would pay more for a ball bearing cutter travel, but I think that is only available on a more expensive unit.
Sorry, we don't have 12~14 yrs old mannequin in this style, we do have 2 teenager realistic mannequins available, here are the links: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00BFDIDB4 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00AG3U34E or this body form: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00A8OLPLG Thank you!
Approximately 52 inches
As I bought two different child forms, I'll give you both. The tallest form (53") has an inseam of 25". The small form (42") has an inseam of 19".
only tried the arms, they bend, but are very stiff. Currently have on the stand. Can't imagine it would look very natural if you did try to sit it down.
Hi, Yes, fingers are flexible. Lisa
Measurements: Bust 24" Waist 21.5" Hip 26" Height 54" thank you!
Of course you can paint it, because it's covered with fabric. The trick is, the paint that you use, the thickness of the paint and the preparation of the surface. Depending on what you want the finished product to look like. Perhaps it would be to your advantage, to give me more of an idea as to what your plan is for the finished work. Do you plan on painting the entire body form, or just parts of it? I often use tube acrylic paint for fabrics.
The throat is 6.5'' wide and 4.5'' high. -- Ursula
I have completed two quilts on this machine. One twin size and one queen. I adore this machine and find it very user frendly. I am now making placemats and tablerunners for Christmas gifts. This machine is a breath of fresh air compaired to the Brother I had before.
If empty space in the middle, it is 5 in. by 5 in. Hope this helps
I am not familiar with the 8077, but the DC2011 has a start and stop button.
I had this problem once or twice with this machine and my old Singer. (my only two machines ever). Once it was too much lint under the bobbin holder and it was fine once I really cleaned my Machine and got the little"dust bunnies" out of there. They almost look like felt. The other time, I simply had my bobbin in reversed and didn't realize it. I have already made four larger quilts and lots of small projects in the year I have had this machine. I LOVE it. Usually the problem is me, not the machine. LOL I have also learned to change needles often! Every new project or about 12-15 hours of sewing, which ever comes first.
No plastic bobbins.
It is made in Taiwan.
I would not sew leather with this machine. You could do two layers of very light leather, but I would not advise this if you have another machine. It is working with stress with four layers of cotton. I use my old Kenmore for light leather and my heavier machines for serious leather applications. This machine's forte is the multiple stitches and needle placements available not its strength.
We have a Janome store in town, and the helpful ladies there told me that the machines are exactly the same--Janome just releases a new one each year and changes the color scheme.(The 2010 version did not include the walking foot and the 1/4 inch edge foot; but both of these machines, the 2011 & the 2012, are supposed to have those)
My Janome Dcor sewing machine is still alive and well. However, about half a year ago I bought the Janome Craft 7700 QCP because quilting with the Dcor machine (6.5'' throat space) is almost impossible for anything larger than a baby quilt. I bought a model, which had just been replaced at a very good price. I am very happy with this new machine. It has so many more features (automated thread cutter, knee lift, throat space lighting!!, 11'' throat space [the new version has 12'' throat space but costs a lot more.] -- That is all I know about Janome machines. So far so good. Both Janome machines work like a charm. -- Ursula
No
Any craft store would have those plastic needles in the department where they sell knitting and crocheting accessories
No it won't fit. It barely fits my seven year old. You can buy a larger loom at a craft store and possibly google the directions.
I don't see why not. There is no left of right about it. It is circular and you use a hook to bring the yarn over the pegs.
Yes...no batteries. You use your fingers to wrap the yarn around the posts, and then use an included tool to loop the yarn over the pegs.
I think if someone is willing to patiently show her how to use it then yes it should be ok for her.
if has how to make scars or purses, you can go on youtube for other projects
I'd use at least worsted weight. The stock yarn is a soft, barely spun, two-ply, chunky acrylic. My daughter is currently using a sock weight, but we're going to line her purse with fabric since it's so lacy. You could use a double thickness of sock, maybe.
I don't know. Sorry, it was a gift!
Please email us your address and phone and we can send you a swatch. Kind regards, Decorative Things 212 686 9313
It's not a bright white.
I have this fabric, it feels like soft and smooth cotton. Not plasticky at all if that helps.
Not sure what you mean by "cased". If you mean is it on a plastic bobbin-yes! And the bobbin can be reused on my Brother DreamCreator. I do not use any additions with the bobbin, I.e. Teflon disc and the stitch is great. Have some problem finding the end but I just scrape my fingernail around the bobbin to loosen the thread! Love it. Wish I had done this sooner!
I had to adjust my tension when I used these but they were the best bobbins I have bought.
I think so. The bobbins fit my Brother machine. Do be aware of the diameter of the bobbin thread. It can be an issue for an embroidery machine. Check your user's manual before you order. I am using up some of the bobbin thread for chore sewing, like zig-zag on edges. You can put a bobbin on the top spindle, too. Then you have a bobbin that fits your machine, to use for different colors when sewing. Brother bobbins are expensive, and you don't want to skimp on a bobbin and compromise your final product.
I don't machine but they are good for everything else so I would think they would do just as good for quilting . I only hand quilt since I was 9 when I started quilting and no one quilted by machine back then I am 74 now and my grans,greatgrans,and my greatgreatgran loves my quilt as well as my children and their spouses
I've used them on a PE550 and I don't recommend it. Bobbin thread tends to show on top because this is a little thinner of a bobbin fill than the machines like.
I have two brother machines, a LB6800PRW and Innov-is 2200VE and these work on both my machines.
Please chek http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001U2TJZ4 This is the right bobbins for PR620.
I use it with my brother and Janome works perfect
Yes, these bobbins will fit the Brother Dream Machine (Model# XV8500D).
I don't know as my machines let me know when the bobbin is close to running out.
No it does not fray when cut, however, I don't know about over time. I always hem it in.
No.
54" wide
It is but I dont think it will last long due to the material not being thick. I used the item for arm rest cover and it works fine but I barely lean on it. It is resistant to water.
I think it is great material but, I am not a person that has to have the best or worried about looks. the material is strong, easy to work with, a matte black looking finish. I am not sure what an org. 13 coat is but, I have a feeling you would like the material.
If just the seat, yes it can but I don't think it will last for long with this material.
no, this is more like the vinyl upholstery found in like seating. Like a fake leather chair.
Not very thick at all.....I would say about 1/16" and that's all. It feels very durable though.
i will say yes because i used the fabric to reupholster two metal arm chairs and it worked well. i also made a throw pillow with no problem.
You get one yard of 54" wide material. Beware, it's not leather, not even close. Fairly thin with a very plastic smell (that may lessen).
it looks like leather, it has a light backing, I go this to make bible covers, and it works great for that. hope this helps you.
One long piece. And the width is generous.
Just feels smooth. The material is thick though.
1mm. Same width as a US dime.
There was a very slight odor that was gone by the time we attached it to the table top within a couple of days of receiving it.
I covered a 4' x 4' ottoman to match my real leather couch. It is used as one of our dog's beds.
I really loved this fabric it was not thin, I was surprised for price how it felt. It is durable I would recommend this fabric anytime
Yes, I think it would probably be heavy enough to use for shoe insoles.
It is seat cover fabric. By itself it is not structural. It would tend to float.
Yes, this product appears to be waterproof. However, I am not sure how long it would last outside. My guess is you might need a heavier product.
No, there is no brown.
White, black, blue = yes. Grey = no.
Same as a sheet of paper. Soft
This is Felt Sheets, One pound Of 9\"x12\", Assorted Colors, 30 pk
Just the shamrock
Our listing is $1.49 plus shipping for a single sheet of stickers.
It is a little bigger than your thumb nail. I wore them next to my eyes as part of my make up.
These will work. Put a drop of Loktite on the threads as they will loosen up due to vibration etc..
Thickness is variable. The two pieces screw together to tighten down on varying thicknesses of leather.
It's 10 screw and post sets or 20 pieces in all
Ummmm. . . . A screw driver.
If ur using them inplace of eyelets then yes. If ur gonna use eyelets, and wanna attatch fire steel or something, then u should use 1/4" or 3/16". If No eyelets, 1/8" is good. If longer, the post part will be too long, and not alow u to squeeze the kydex tightly together. (Note: these look black in pic, but they are not black! They look like black chrome.. look it up. Kinda a smokey color. Looks kinda cool. But if ur looking for real black, this is not it.)
neither, they are slotted head screws
Hello, Made of metal (painted metal)
5/8" cap, top and bottom are the same size. The stem is 1/8" therefore, you will need a 1/8" hole.
Height is 20 and 26 wide. I really like it.
Yes you can. It works great for me.
Yes, though not mathematically perfect or anything.
No Metal Edge
I don't believe there is, within the context of the existing design. You could jury-rig something, I expect. Another drawback to this product, we have found, is there is no lip on the lower edge to rest one's work on.
The black sections on the back are indeed made of sturdy plastic.
Maybe if you could glue a piece of small molding on. But I would not try to nail it because it would probably split the board. Hope this helps.
The brackets, if measured from the outside ends, is 17 5/8 inches apart. 14 3/4 inches if measuring inside the brackets. The width of the brackets is exactly one inch. There is no way to attach the brackets to a table. Only rubber stubs to provide grip. However the plastic is thin enough that you could drill a hole and insert a screws in one part but to put another two screws you could only put them through a part of the bracket that has ridges which could easily be cut with a boxcutter in order to put in the screw.
It is very smooth. You could even call slick. It has a coating to it that gives it a semi-glossy finish. Almost like an old kitchen cabinet door from the 50s or 60s. But I should also point out it the material itself that is like that not just the surface. The drawing board is one whole piece that is smooth all over. I mis-spoke. It is the material not just a coating.
On the small model, everything that is attached to the board (rubber feet, handle, paper clip bracket and tilt arms) can be removed with a #2 phillips screwdriver.
Depending on the size of your T square. I would say yes, short answer.
The board is 3 1/2" from the top to the table and the board itself is 1/2" thick. I love the angle as I am a watercolor artist. It is just the right size to fit on a work surface. It cleans up well and it is quite sturdy for a board of this price. I love it. It is also easy to move from one place to another. Would recommend this highly.
I don't think so. It's pretty slick. Maybe you could prime it, though.
It's 20" X 26".
Scroll down the page and it will give you the dimensions, weight, etc.
I don't have the other size to compare. I do like the size I have. It's worth the price I paid for it.
it can however you'll be left with parts of the brackets on either side. These connect to the wires that are on the underside of the board.
16" x 21" and 9" high (max)
Yes. The plastic legs have incremental notches to adjust the angle of the board and there are 2 round rubber legs on each leg.
There are no clips and the slide bar is a straight edge for drawing straight lines. The paper needs to be held in place with adhesive drafting dots.
I believe that is to allow you to attach to a rubber air hose.
i think it would work well for that. just be sure to keep it clean that it will last a good long time.
This is my first airbrush, I am having trouble with getting paint of the right consistency. That being said, I am confident it will spray an 1" swath but the paint holding capacity might be a problem. The reservoir on top of the brush is it. I believe it is 7cc.
The seller of mine was Mix Wholesale. My nozzle broke and I contacted them and they sent me a replacement free of charge. They had great customer service.
I don't know. This is my first airbrush and I have only used it once. I am a pure amateur.
I bought a hose from Harbor Freight and I also purchased a couple of quick disconnects from Amazon. I installed one quick disconnect on the hose and the other on the airbrush. To hook up to the compressor you may need a 1/4 or 3/8 to 1/8 inch reducer that you should be able to find at Home Depot or Low's in brass. The hose should have a 1/4" fitting on both ends.
Something like this one should work. http://www.amazon.com/Premium-Quality-10-Ft-Braided-Airbrush-Hose/dp/B003Q0VZJ6/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1389465225&sr=8-2&keywords=airbrush+hose
It will work fine, I use it for Dinair makeup.
Yes it's the only maintenance required and way to do that is to push up on the tiny metal pin at the very bottom of the site glass, the tank needs to be pressurized. I do have to add that my compressor stopped working after the first use. The auto stop failed a d now I have to use it on the constant run mode
This system delivers enough PSI to handle liquid latex. I am very happy with this compressor.
I would not use it without a transformer. Using it without a transformer would most likely burn up the motor.
Absolutely. Its very sensitive. You'll be satisfied!
Not sure if it will maintain that kind of pressure. I use it for around 20-25 lbs and it works great. 40-50 lbs for an airbrush sounds like a lot unless you are doing thick automotive paints - more might be necessary.
I don't believe it's listed anywhere on the compressor or instructions. But it's a 110-120 volt 1/3 horsepower motor so it should be drawing around 7 amps. Hope that helps.
... it is quite compact with a little more height than a diaphragm unit. This is a great little compressor ... twin piston with adequate tank and not too noisy action. I never actually measured it, but I would quess maybe 22" long X 9/10" wide by maybe 20" high ( the handles fold down ). Anyway I was pleasantly surprised after I traded in a "Badger" unit that lacked all the best features of this unit...!!!
I'm not sure for thermal protection but it does have a automatic shutoff for tank pressure. Once it reaches a certain pressure it will shutoff and then it will turn on again when the pressure drops below the threshold.
No.
It says 8 lb. 30 gsm. Hope it helps.
No, it should work just fine as is. A lighted table would make it a little easier, I have never used one and have never had any trouble.
I am sorry I don't know the answer to that. All I know is it worked for the project I needed. I was able to trace a pattern and a marker did not bleed through. Hope that helps sorry if it does not.
I use a lead holder and some of my friends use a regular (drawing) pencil, so I'm sure that any type of pencil will work but I don't know about ink. The paper does hold up really well, I used the same trace for five or six transfers and it still worked perfectly. I kept it in my relatively chaotic portfolio without any protection for about a week and as long as I put it in flat it didn't rip or get any holes in it, and the lines didn't rub off or fade.
Is yes.
the diameter of the core is 3 cm (1.2 inch), it is a hollow cardboard tube. Hope this helps.
No, not even close....
Hi Lisa, can you clarify your question?
I believe they're Oak.
5
No only 12" and 36" Thanks
5, the picture is accurate.
5 in the package.
I use these pens for doing mandala coloring. I would say they are a fine to med. point pen.
They are ok for coloring. Just not the best quality of ink.
Irish Lace no pastels colors just metallic and glitter and neon
I bought these Oct. 2013 and have been very pleased! I enjoy the variety of color and only have had one run out of ink, dark blue, because I used it almost every day for several months. The case can be a little flimsy, however. None of the pens have dried up. I would recommend them and buy them again. Hope this helps! :)
Yes
The photo on this page shows "Acid Free" directly under the word "Gel" (where it says "Gel Pen Set"). If you enlarge the photo, you will easily see it. I also looked up the item on other sites, and in their descriptions of the product, they state it's acid-free.
The colors you see in the enlarged picture are all the colors you receive! I loved this product from sparkle pens on the bottom row then the pastel and base colors on the top row almost every color you can think of is included in a bunch of different shades. My favorite colors are the sparkle ones though. The ones I bought were used on black or dark red and blue construction paper. I also used the pens to color in velvet art posters (just makes them brighter with gel pens instead of markers). I would totally advise anyone that scrapbooks or entertains older kids that like to color to buy them.
Thebrite colors do . Youll know them
i only use them on paper [and they are great], so i have no idea...maybe i'll do a test on a fabric. what kind were you thinking?
I don't think it bleeds through. I use these pens for scrapbooking so on the photo pages it doesn't and I don't believe it shadows through. But if you were using regular paper I know it doesn't bleed through because I always write with the pens first before using on the photo album but you might see a shadow on thin paper. I hope this helps.
The only thing that I can think of is that once the compressor builds up the desired pressure it will stop, activating again only once the pressure drops below the level you have it set at. The black cylinder on the top is your pressure regulator; twist it one way to increase the maximum amount of pressure, twist it the other way to decrease the max pressure. Yours might be turned all the way down, preventing any pressure from building up. Hope this helps!
yes i think that 90 days, but all its good, came in good conditions and works great!
Yes, I use it for airbrush tattoos and spray tanning. You just need to have different guns.
I haven't used my airbrush machine consistently but when I do, it works great and I haven't had any problems.
110 and 120 ac volt works well
Two airbrush guns, the compressor, 6 airbrush colors, and extra pins and brushes.
I have 110 voltage. My airbrush work very good. I look on the machine and the voltage is 110 - 120 V. I hope this is helpful.
You can purchase them from&#8206; www.tcpglobal.com/airbrush-bottles
It is included in the box...it connects from the machine to the airbrush nozzle
I use a regular 120 v outlet in my kitchen when I use my airbrush machine. So easy and convenient. Hope this helped. :)
sure you can, we attack post card size cards to boxes for inventor
there are 12 dots per page & sheets are app. 2 by 4 inches
I have only use the dots with paper. I put a dot on a empty plastic bag and placed it on a wall for a few minutes. It stayed on the wall and came loose without too much trouble, but I don't think they would be strong enough to hold heavier items.
I use them to hang up posters in my classroom. They don't leave marks. Just be careful when removing.
The glue dots are not permanent in a sense that you can take them off (similar to the ones that are used for advertisements in the mail or in magazines, when you peel off the coupon or card or perfume sample, there is that gooey stuff that holds them to the card or magazine page). They do have a pretty good hold.
I doubt the result would be satisfactory. The fabric pom poms are likely to move around and probably weigh too much to stay attached even if they didn't move.
No, I really don't think these would do the job.
very thin, less than 1/16th inch
No
Hmmm not so sticky as that. They are perfect for photos. Hope that helps
The works with sunlight and long time in black UV light. Best with sunlight. Will work both behind a window and outside.
Less than a minute.
As fast as possible! :)
They are kind of off white. As soon as you expose them to UV light, they change to assorted colors. Within a minute of removing the source of UV light, they change back to white.
They have designated colors. They all appear the same semi-translucent off white color when not exposed, but a "yellow" bead will always turn yellow, a bead that is "red" will always appear red under UV and so on. The color will get more vibrant with an increase in the intensity of UV, but will always turn the same color it did originally. This bag has an assortment of colors.
Yes, especially if it is sunny out.
I was able to use 1 yard to make 10 double layer soaker a for my hybrid diapers. After wash there really wasn't much shrinkage but this isn't as thick as what I have found elsewhere for the same price.
Yes it can but Bamboo Fleece is an absorbent fabric. It's just going soak up whatever goes into it. I use it as my main fabric in a soaker and I use cotton velour for an inner lining.
I believe it would, I've only used it in menstrual pads.
This link seems to answer your question. There was too much information to post here so I have included the link. Hope it helps :) http://www.bambooya.com/bafipr.html
It's 100 % bamboo as it said. For tampon - I don't know. It's a diaper cloth, too
I don't know why you couldn't. I have not done so but would try it if I wanted it a different color.
It weighs 280 g/sm
The Fulfilled by Amazon items that are packaged in individual yards are eligible for Prime or super saver shipping. If Prime or super saver shipping is an option, your yardage will come from Amazon and will be cut and packaged into individual yards.
Nope, just good old natural bamboo... That is why it is suitable for cloth diapers.
No it won't fit a MC6600P. I have the MC6600P and a Janome Magnolia 7330, it will fits the 7330.
Yes it fits the DC2010
There is no picture to tell where you are looking but the back of the package clearly shows you where the blue dot is located. FYI--I bought a different model number at first, one that did not work with the automatic cutter. The one in the Amazon picture does not have the cutter feature. This is the one you want if your machine has that feature: http://www.amazon.com/Janome-Tension-Bobbin-Case-MC11000/dp/B002F01SY0/ref=sr_1_3?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1430170722&sr=1-3&keywords=janome+bobbin+holder
I have the 3160QDC and this bobbin holder will NOT fit my machine.
Yes
I have a 6500, it did not work all that well for me, no idea if it will fit the 6300
I'm not sure. Mine is Janome 2030DC. My machine is OK.
I don't know. Did you check the Janome accessories list for your 3160? The accessories list for my machine (7330) had the specific part number.
Tiny envelope!
+open it is 3 3/4"x 3 3/4"top to bottom, & side to side square closed -- 2 1/2 wide & 2 1/8" top to bottom (after cut out)
One die comes in a package and then you make as many as you want of the little envelope.
It is not a fabric. It is card stock paper.
It is the die cut to make the envelopes. One die in the package to use on your Sizzix to make many.
Hi, I don't have a Big Shot Pro, but this pattern works well in my Big Shot. It is a cute little pocket...hope this helps, Mary
I don't own a cuttle bug but if your machine can take a die that is 5" wide then it should work. i did some quick research and my guess is it will work.
This wool would work well for a pin cushion.
Not sure what type of projects you plan, but I use it for felting animals and figures. It is easy to work with, and felts much better than some of the other wool I have.
This is a shorter fiber and I do not think it would be easily spun!
No
Yes, it works very well when wet felted
I have used polyester as a in felting before; On its own it looks good and gives the piece a nice fuzzy quality that looks good on white animal projects, but wool doesn't stick to is very well and therefore winds up requiring a lot more work getting your main colors to stick to it. This bag of wool is AWESOME. I have made nearly 30 small-medium projects out of it over the last few months and still have an ample supply. Trust me the ease of felting it and how far it goes makes it completely worth the price
I'm not sure where it's from. I bought it well over a year ago. I will say that it's good quality wool. I use it mostly for the base of my sculptures then add the color and detail after I get it nicely shaped with the white. See my sculptures at itsartbygolly.com
Carbonizing wool is when a chemical process is used to clean the wool as apposed to using soap. Usually sulfuric acid is used. Wool that has been carbonized tends to be less soft, but it also doesn't have the residual odor I have noticed on other bulk wools from cleaning.
I think I may have had 2 black and 1 red. I bought it for it's varied colors. If you are looking for just red and black then you're better of buying something else.
I think about 3/32 of an inch. It's the same as the larger sheets of foam.
Printing on foam would be highly discouraged - the foam is thicker than the printer would like, and the ink won't stay on well.
No, none of mine had glitter
12 sheets stacked measures 1" thick. 2 of the 12 sheets are noticebly thinner than the other 10.
Yes my pack had two light gray sheets in it.
Don't know.
It is regular paper with antique design.
The edges are lose and tear away from the sides of the paper. Once the edges are torn away you can fit the paper into your printer. I've printed invitations to a Harry Potter party on it and old style announcements. It is also good for calligraphy. I've enjoyed it and am all out I need to order some more
Yes, I printed mine in an inkjet printer. I just had to take off the outline of the paper first. You'll see what I'm talking about.
yes but the paper color is much darker than the picture
It's considered tear away paper because it has a small border that you remove before use. I don't believe it messes the design up at all. We are using it for pirate treasure maps. It looks like an old scroll paper....just smaller than a traditional 8.5x11 paper.
There are 6 color but they are double sided so its 3 stacks double sided with the color.
I wish I could help, but I scan images onto it. I've never printed directly on it.
yes. I printed a document off of my computer.
yes.
Yes
Unfortunately not. The fabric is too thin and shreds when cut. You should use a more sturdy(heavier) fabric for gift tags. Hope this helps in your decision making.
The product detail says it's 2 yards, which means 6 feet long.
Sandy, I think it would work great. I am using mine for the spring covers on old vw bug seats. It seems to me to be good stuff. Dave W.
We use it as a buffing material for leather work, I would only guess it is not tight enough to stamp - but have never even tried it. Sorry we cannot give you a definite answer on stamping.
I would say it's on the thinner side. Slightly heavier than a cotton fabric but not as heavy as what I would typically consider a canvas or upholstery fabric.
Nope
1 1/4" deep
Yes, you can cover the back in fabric or patterned paper. If you're a scrapbooker, you can also put in 12x12 scrapbook page. Whatever you put in it, you will love it ! ! !
I'm pretty sure it's poplar. Very frail and easily dents. Mine came dented
I believe it is at least an inch if not higher. I really like this frame!
I would say yes. My friend put hers in there but it was one of the flatter starfish it did not have spikes. Like the one pictured
60 pieces. 15 of each color
No these are eyelets, You want to look for grommets.
From outside edge to edge is 1/3 inch. The inner hole is 3/16 inch. Not sure what you are looking for but from the start of inner hole to the outside of outer hole is 1/4 inch. Hope this helps.
Hi Kay... I would think they would fit through a bookboard.... not sure what a chipboard is. I used them to go through metal... like on the side of a large can!! The hole puncher works great and the eyelets really dress it up!! Hope this helps! God bless! Smitty
Yes, they are all the same size.
I used the 3/16 ( 0.5 cm). I think they are available in other sizes. Hope that helps.
You mean, like use instamorph as a base for the teeth, like the gum part? Sally
Yes
Sort of. Its a hard plastic not rubber like sugru.
No. It becomes rigid when cool also for that purpose permanent. You would not be able to remove it without further damage to the doll.
Consider these properties of Insta-morph: When it is softened (heated), it readily picks up dirt from your hands, if you haven't washed them before handling it. So, it also will readily accept colour from fabric dye (Rit, etc., either powder or liquid); food dye (the little bottles of colour used to colour icing for cakes & cookies); also, artist's ink; spent printer ink cartridges are a good source of pigment for colouring small amounts of Insta-morph in it's softened state. To colour it after it has hardened, an enamel-type paint would be recommended. Latex paint would peel off too easily. Even the enamel type would peel if the item was to be handled a lot. So, the way you decide to colour it should depend on what you are making. For example, a decorative piece to be hung on the wall would do fine being painted. But things like small toys, or drawer pulls, etc., would do better with the colouring agent kneaded right into the softened plastic. Good luck, and have fun creating your project !
Yes, I made a temp tooth while waiting to finish implant process. It is extremely white,so I soaked it in black coffee till desired color was achieved. Close to natural tooth color for me was after about an hour.
If it is a false tooth broken off from your "dentures", you can use it sparingly towards the exposed front, and more towards the middle and back to adhere in place without showing the change in color from your false tooth to the white of the "instamorph". Otherwise, if it is your own broken tooth, not sure if it will adhere the same - never tried it. Still learning myself. Hope this is helpful ...
You would be better off with something more porous and pliable. Insta-morph is pretty rigid.
No, it's better. Friendly Plastic had a problem with going brittle over time. Instamorph has been very stable for me.
It was cool enough to touch for sure I just kept the cup of hot water there so if it lost some of its play I could drop it in again and resoften it to keep going
I am not sure if it does or not, my wife uses it on her Husqvarna.
The cut out area is 3 1/4" wide x 8 3/8" plus that extra little cut out area in the front of 1 3/4 x 3 1/2" approx. The opening slides around the piece of my Janome "Harmone 8080" sewing machine that holds the bobbin (the bed) but there is a gap of about 2 1/2" on the left because it can't slide all the way. There is also a gap in the front of 1 3/4" x 3 1/2" because the shape of the sewing machine is different from the felting machine. Still for the price I think it's worth it and the gaps don't cause me any trouble and I've been using it regularly since I bought it a few years ago.
Sorry don't know this answer
I have a rose husqvarna and it fits mine and I love it joyce
Like the rest of the customers I only received 12 bobbins.
I think there are 80 bobbins.
These are for embroidery (per package description) and the bobbins contain 105 yards, 100% polyester Bobbin thread, 60/2.
http://www.amazon.com/Janome-Prewound-Embroidery-Machine-Bobbins/dp/B004MIMLDU/ref=pd_sim_ac_9 This is the bobbins I purchased.
Ridiculous isn't it? I had to return this item to get a refund. This listing really needs to be changed, it reflects poorly on Janome and Amazon.
The picture is wrong for what you are purchasing. I purchased 12 bobbins, they are around 9.00 I think; so, you are buying more then that. I suggest you look for the actual 12 bobbins instead of the big box.
I have tried to do this with the program. Let me be very clear this program only operates within another program already installed on your computer. I have found the Paint program to work the best. However you can find clip art from the internet and save it to your computer only if it is a PES file then open it in paint( which is what I do) . If there is a lot of detail the program will just kind of jumble it up when you try to embroider it , so if you try that I suggest very simple art without a lot of detail. Hope this helps you.
Only the simplest of pictures can be digitized. If you have more than a few colors, it won't work. I digitized a silhouette which was only one color and it did well. A much more sophisticated program could digitize a detailed photo, but not this one. But, I will say this is a good program to begin with. I wrote a long review if you can find it a few months ago.
No it does not.
Yes, there is a merge icon top left so it is one letter st a time.
No you don't its a stand alone.
So long as you have a basic imaging program (paint, photoshop) this is all you need . Once you have the images saved in JPEG, TIFF or a similar setting, you can just import it in, and the software does the rest!
Yes
yes it does.
Yes, you can open a jpeg and digitize it. However, you can digitize ONLY THE SIMPLEST pictures, the ones with simple lines and few colors. Read my review.
I have a brother, the program files say they do janome in format SEW and JEF, I do not know what format your machine does. This program works for BLF, PES, EMD, SEW, JEF, EXP, PCM, PCS, VIP, XXX, CSD, DST, SHV, and HMS
It will do fine with sharpies. I use mixed medium, primarily watercolors, and the paper holds up well with water. The book has more pages than other journals I've had. The cover is very sturdy. I'm pleased with this item.
24 sheets which would be 48 pages. Because it is 140 lb paper, you can paint or draw on both sides of the sheet. Tim
Malaysia
I'm sorry I cannot answer that...you'd have to ask the company itself. I only can testify to the ease of use and the results of my watercolor paintings. It's my favorite book so far.
I'm 99.99 percent sure it will. I looked at the 6500p manual and it showed the same cord. It's a pretty generic power cord.
yes it does resemble the same type
I'm not sure. Perhaps check Janome's website. I think it works on all Janome sewing machines. All the best.
no
I don't know I bought it for a different purpose
Yes it will. I think it is shorter than the original but worked perfectly for my 10000.
I bought this power cord for my Janome Memorycraft 4950. It fit perfectly. You need to ask for the specific cord for your machine. I can't say if this one would work on your machine.
I'm not familiar with your machine. I would go to the Janome site and look at their power cords and see what is listed for your machine. I have an older Janome sewing/embroidery machine. I'm sorry I couldn't be of any more help than that.
Yes it will. I have Janome and ordered same cord. Worked great!
Sorry to inform u but no it will not
No. It is 100% cotton suitable for quilting.
It is 42-44 inches wide. A very nice width for a quilt or wall hanging. It's excellent fabric.
I ordered two yards and it was one continuous piece...not two one-yard pieces
Boardwalk part number tells the size KFT24301000. KFT=kraft paper / 24=24 inches wide roll / 30=30lb paper thickness / 1000=1000 foot length of roll
Yes, this totally works for wrapping presents. That's what I bought it for and it works great. It's not as thick as a grocery bag, which would make wrapping difficult. It's also quite a bit thicker than tissue paper or newspaper and doesn't rip easily.
30 lb
There is a cardboard core with a plastic insert on each end that you can put a long rod through. But beware. I had mine hanging on a rack, but the inserts kept coming out whenever I unrolled the paper. I ended up just removing the inserts. It still unrolls, just not as easily.
Hi, I have the cutter, this rolls needs the 24" cutter
Yes, it is removable. I made a dispenser to place the roll on I bought.
If you fold and glue it maybe but it would probably be cheaper to just buy paper bags
I have not, but it is not very thick paper so it probably won't hold up for long if that's what your after.
if you mean 'is the paper made of sterile material' - you will need to ask the manufacturers directly. but I doubt it. can you use it top a table to clean fish - think of this product as newsprint material. if you use a regular newspaper to top a table to clean fish - this would serve the same purpose.
Definitely
One side is waxed and glossy the opposite side is matte.
I don't know the weight but it's thick enough that you cannot see through it.
Both sides are matte.
You can see thought the paper, soaybe not great for gift wrapping. But if you have kids it's great for taping on the walls and painting/coloring. Or for covering tables.
Yes, with pencil, pen, and magic markers. The wax is not too heavy. However, it prevents you from tracing through it.
Boardwalk Butch 3640720 720 Foot Length x 36 Inch Width, White Butcher Paper Roll
Sorry... I misunderstood. I can let you know tomorrow because it's at my work. It is quite heavy though.
I have no idea. I am using it for writing on, not for wrapping food. So the issue is not relevant to me.
Centerpiece should hold it in place. It's pretty lightweight so the curl should relax shortly after unraveling.
Yes
I haven't tried spray paint, and I don' know what the consistency would be like (how wet). But because a simple magic marker will soak through, in my opinion, I think spray paint would soak through the paper, too.
i don't think it would be wise since you would need 3 pieces per table for overhang. If you did 2 60" pieces for a 60x60 square, you would have enough for 76.5 tables
The paper works best with Scotch Satin finish giftwrap tape (purple) and hold well. It does not hold well with the Scotch Matte Finish Magic tape (Green). This paper is also smoother than the average craft paper so it is not as fibery and allows certain tapes to stick better. Hopefully this help, Happy Holidays!
YES IT IS
No, or just heavy paper. I ordered it to make a paper tent
I'm sure it's safe, however, it is thick paper, so it durable but not leak proof.
Feet, its really long
This is a solid roll of paper~no perforations.
Yes, stamping will work. I stenciled it to make wrapping paper, and it came out great!
Hint: It's in the name of the product.
Sharp caracters are not a problem. We have not noticed any running or blotting when we use Sharpie markers.
No - I purchased for my kids to make large drawings - it has been very useful for that.
The roll is 900 feet long which means it costs you under 1 nickel per 1-foot x 2-foot piece of paper. I use it for mounting 8-foot long novel plot graphs on the walls in my writing space. But I've also been known to use it for drawings as well. I've also made my own hand-painted gift-wrap with this paper and it works beautifully. It's the right weight for many little projects that are only limited by my imagination.
No. It's more of an art or wrapping paper. Definitely not coated like the kind you get at an actual butcher.
It's about an inch (just over). It would have to be a super sturdy craft table, since the roll is heavy and thick (aka not a kid's craft table).
I'm not certain of the #weight, but it is a good, thick paper. I use it for heat pressing garments and it works wonderfully.
It's pretty sturdy. I've used it for kids art projects including tracing their bodies and we have had no issues with tearing.
I couldn't find that information, either. If I were put to hazarding a guess, I would think not, just based on price, but that's a bed guess. Perhaps contact the seller?
The paper does not have a wax or poly coating. It is a paper product we use for children's art projects
Didn't use it for that purpose, lined my kitchen shelves with it.
I wish this had been asked before I had used so much. I cannot say for sure if it will fit a nine inch roll holder but that is close. I can say that I am glad that I bought this as it is very good for packaging. I simply stand mine on end and cut it easily ro length with a sharp kitchen knife or razor knife. You could also lay it on a table and pull the desired length off and then cut it as described.
Yes very well.
To be honest, I have different lengths of kraft paper like this, thus would need multiple cutters to fit all the sizes. Therefore, I use the old chair and sharp scissors method! Hope this helps??? Bob
Hi! I was wondering you saw the description: it says that it has a base weight of 40 lbs (density of the paper). It's definitely not perforated...the Amazon picture is fairly accurate: feels and has the density of, say, the paper a butcher would wrap in...but it's brown (not white) and is NOT glossy on either side. It's like old-fashioned brown wrapping paper, and as the other commenter said, is thicker than notebook paper. I don't think it's heavier than a brown paper grocery bag...may be similar to my mind, but not so rough. Hope this helps.
No. The paper does not have a waxy/slick side. The paper is similar to but thinner than a brown paper grocery bag.
I'd call it similar to a thick brown paper bag.
It's 3" in diameter.
No
First, Do you have a design you want to stitch? Perhaps something from a book or magazine? Or do you want to create your own design to stitch? You will need to remember this product is "14 count". That means you can stitch 14 stitches in one inch.If you are going to use a design from a book or magazine you can count the stitches of the design at the tallest row and at the widest row. (You will get one answer for the tallest row and another answer for the widest row.) Divide the number of stitches you counted for the tallest row by 14. The answer will tell you the number of inches tall the design is. Then, divide the answer for the widest row by 14 and the answer will be the number of inches the widest row is. This product will work for a design that fits inside a box that measures 8" by 8. 1/2". If you have a tiny design you may be able to cut the soluble canvas to a smaller size. Just be sure the design will fit inside the "new" box of soluble canvas. If you want to totally design your own design to be stitched, draw it out on a piece of paper using an "x" for each stitch. When you have finished drawing the design go ahead and count the number of stitches in the tallest row and the number of stitches in the widest row. Divide each answer by 14 to get the length and width of the design you created in inches. Check to be sure you have enough soluble canvas for the design. If, for example, your design measured 4" for the tallest row and 3" for the widest row (4 and 3 being the answers you got when you divided by 14), you will need a piece of soluble canvas that measures, at least, 4" tall and 3" wide. It's best to leave some extra soluble canvas along the length and width for basting the soluble canvas to your chosen fabric. So, in my example, I would add an inch to both the length and width meaning my soluble canvas should measure, at least, 5" by 4". Before you stitch the soluble canvas to your chosen fabric fold the soluble canvas twice. Notice the corner of the folded soluble canvas which is the center of the soluble canvas. I like to put a straight pin at that point. When the soluble canvas is unfolded the straight pin shows you where the center of your design will be. Use the straight pin to attach the soluble canvas to your chosen fabric at the point where you want your design centered. Follow the directions for basting the soluble canvas and for removing the soluble canvas after stitching. Good Luck.
Hi, I didn't have any problems and just used regular embroidery floss from Walmart!.
You DON'T put the design onto the soluble canvas. After you baste the soluble canvas onto your chosen fabric you stitch through BOTH the soluble canvas and your chosen fabric using the chart of the design and counting the stitches.. When you have finished all the design you wet the soluble canvas and chosen fabric with warm water. Move it around in your hands and soon the soluble canvas will begin to disappear. You are left with design on your chosen fabric. Have you cross stitched before? Perhaps you could watch an instruction video on "How to cross stitch" on YouTube.
I use purchase filled bobbins or use a different machine for winding bobbins.
It does indeed do basic sewing, just be careful when threading the bobbin since it takes several tries for it to grab when pulling the thread back through the plate
I returned my Sew E-Z Mini, because it's NOT E-Z at all. I could not get the bobbin to fill. Too bad, because I liked the handy size.
If I remember correctly it is a standard sewing machine needle available at sewing supply sections of many stores or sewing/craft stores such as JoAnn's. It was a gift to my granddaughter.
I would need to now the weight of 1 foot of tile to give you the anwser.
It is actual colored glass. I had to wait a long time for it when I reordered from Amazon, but it finally came. The colors are nice.
Hello, yes you may open a wholesale account with us. For more information, go to mosaicmercantile.com and click on the wholesale link.
Sorry I do not know. I just ordered it but have not received it yet.
It is definitely reminiscent of a tackle box. I found it to be quite sturdy. Ours is currently being used as a sewing supply box.
There is a latch to close it but it doesn't have a lock and key.
No the dividers are not removable
No, the pencils come with a plastic sleeve that protects from rubbing. Even without the sleeve, the color doesn't transfer easily to skin or clothing.
Has some sort of coating on them haven't snapped any yet nice bright shades
Standard is fine... Be careful not to drop these pencils though as they break into pieces easily.
No, not yet, I had to stop collaring for a little while thumb problem. But thanks for the tip.
Niether, They aren't oily and if anything they have high density which means you can put as much of a thick layer down and still go over that without a waxy buildup.
There are twenty four different colors.
I am unsure how it will appear over clay. It would be advisable to seal it first. It has a very real "metallic" look on metal. I am sorry I could not be more helpful. It is a great paint.
yes it should. i've used it on metal surfaces with success. i don't even think you have to sand it. try a small spot at the cabinet rear to check it out first.
Hi Carole, The Sargent paint is acrylic water base so if you are painting over anything other than water based acrylic I would recommend a primer coat. The Sargent paint had a very nice metallic shine once dried. I have 5 of their metallic based paints in blur, red, copper,silver and gold and all have worked wonderfully on canvas, wood and primed metal. If being used outside or around water you should finish with a water based water proofing sealer. Hope this helps. Ed Huffine EAH Abstracts
My guess is that while it would paint well onto the glass that it would peel off very easily. I'm not sure that I would recommend it for glass
No, it is just a paint I use it all the time will not hold anything
I would not think this paint would be heat resistant enough for this purpose.
I would not suggest it since it is water based. Paint may chip or flake off over time. I would use an enamel for metal, or silver rustoleum spray paint.
This paint is just acrylic paint that you might find at a craft with a more realistic metallic look. I don't see why it could not be applied over wallpaper with a texture as acrylic paint is pretty versatile, I am just unsure how well it would hold up in the long run.
This paint will most likely stick to plastic, but I would make sure to put a sealant on it (like a Golden brand sealant for indoors or outdoors depending on where you plan to put it.
It is acrylic so it will adhere. I would try a small spot first. Good Luck
It is pretty strong. I use it to glue glass-glass, plastic-plastic and plastic-glass. I advise people not to put items in the dish washer because I'm not sure if the heat will loosen the bond. I have several items that have withstood hand washing for over a year now. The items I make are no more than a pound in weight. I hope this helps.
No it does not come with the aplicator.
No
not in my experience.
Not recommended...epoxy is best
Yes, I love this glue. Mi tried it on just about everything... I fixed kitchen drawers, jewelry and other projects. You will definitely love this product! :)
It's sodium carbonate. This exact product is also sold as a swimming pool pH increaser. Sodium hydroxide, or lye, should not be used to tie-dye. Likewise, this product (soda ash) won't help you saponify oils for soap, or clear a blocked drain like lye will. Sodium Hydroxide, improperly mixed with water, can burn holes through plastic and cause severe tissue damage. Soda ash, mixed with water, will dry your hands out for a day.
Hello Melody and Thanks for the Question. Your garments should be soaked in a soda ash solution prior to tie dye for a minimum of 20 minutes. I like to mix appx. 1-1/2 cups per 2 gallons of warm water. The soda ash helps expand the Cotton Fiber giving your dye the Maximum Absorbtion. You can also add urea to your dye to help give The Dye a more Vibrant look. I use appx 1/4 teaspoon per 4 ounces of dye mix. This is Assuming you are tie dyeing cold water procion mx Dye on 100% cotton Fabric. They do make cold water dyes for other fabrics such as polyester & Nylon but I find the colors just don't stand out like they do with cotton. I hope this helps you and best of luck with your tie dye Scott
That's what it is, but you can buy the same thing cheaper (for swimming pools or as a fertilizer) if you need larger quantities.
Soda ash changes the pH of the fiber-reactive dye and cellulose fiber so that the dye reacts with the fiber, making a permanent connection that holds the dye to the fiber. It actually activates the fiber molecules so that they can chemically attack the dye. (It can also be used with silk, but not other protein fibers such as wool.) Urea is used in tie dyeing and other forms of direct application of dyes. It is usually not used in vat dyeing or low water immersion dyeing. Urea has two purposes: it can make it possible to dissolve more dye in a given volume, for the strongest of colors, and it serves as a humectant, or water-attractor, to help keep fabric damp long enough for the reaction to occur. You can do without urea if your dye solutions are strong enough for your needs without it, and you keep your fabric damp in some other way, such as by covering with plastic. Too much urea can actually make it harder to dissolve some dyes, according to Craig Turner of Standard Dyes, who says that, if your dye (especially fuchsia, Procion red MX-8B) is not dissolving well, you may need to reduce the amount of urea you are using. I know the person that taught me to ice-dye fabric she always uses soda ash and not urea. You may be able to find out more info at dharma.com great place for info and dying products.
Soda ash is like salt and is used to open up or expand the fibers of cotton and is great for tie dye as a pre soak before you dye the material.
I didn't pour it out and measure but its a good size bag, based off description should yield about 2 cups. Hope this helps :)
Hey!! I've be around soda she for years as just sort of a staple in my alaskan home and I personally would throw a couple of handfuls into water to soak my shirts for a while before dying.. Of course I've never been one to measure even cooking:) best bet is too Google soda she amounts when dying:)
Not sure on that. I actually returned mine because many of the black bobbins were broken and the few that I tried in my brother 8500 kept breaking and making bird nests
I have a Brother 400 and PE 770 and they work in those (although I have to reset the tension for the 770 because it is finer thread and wound more tightly than bobbins you fill yourself), but I'm not sure about the Innovus...
No, this bobbin and thread are for high speed machine embroidery only.
Probably not they did not fit my brother's and they would not take them back. Hope this helps
i have janome, works fine. they are just the pastic small bobbins. unless your machine takes the larger bobbins usually found with oscillating machines it should work. they work with my singer standard sewing machine with drop in bobbin as well.
I can't answer that i use these on my Elna Quilters Dream, however if you call the company they can tell you what machine they are compatible with.
I don't see why they wouldn't. They fit my Brother Innovis.
Yes, These bobbins are compatible with all the babylock machines mentioned on the babylock site over here http://www.babylock.com/accessories/?Product_ID=BLG-BOB
I have a brother Innovis and it works great on mine, I would assume it would work on yours but am not an expert on brother machines either.
1.67 cm or 11/16"... IIRC, supposed to be 5/8", but are a smidge larger. Buy extras. I crush them with the hammer.
I measured one. It is 5/8 of an inch. They could be plastic, but they are a very good imitation, if so.
Honestly I do not know I use these on my jeans and my shorts and I liked him
I wouldnt know as the button hasnt feel off yet but i would assume there would be a tiny hole if piercing completely fresh fabric.. i just used the same hole that my previous Jean button fell out from
they are sort of an antiqued copper color----quite dark. They are about 5/8" in diameter.
The ones I received are metal.
The back of the package says: www.beadsmith.com - Carteret, NJ - Contents made in China. I've had mine for 2 years and use it often. It's very practical and useful.
Can't say for sure but I'd guess this would not have enough power to cut out grooves. This is more suited for surface marking. You need a rotary tool for that kind of thing.
I've only etched on glass but I didn't notice much vibration. I would think it would be ok if u don't press to hard . Didn't take much effort in glass to show writing. A test piece would be a good idea first
yes
I'm sure it can. I've engraved on steel knives and haven't had any problems with it not working. It would take a very steady hand to engrave small peices of jewelry. It vibrates like crazy, but once you get the hang of it anything is possible.
Yes. It will work on most materials!
Maybe. This thing is much weaker than I expected. Tip extremely small. Might be better off using a Dremel tip.
My experience is that this pen does rough engraving on metal or on hard surfaces. The quality is readable but somewhat poor. I have tried writing on metal, plastic, and ceramic with the same results. Don't expect professional results with this engraver. The advantage of this engraver is that it is portable, and that's about it. Somewhat dissatisfied.
Not to bad, I figured it might hurt my ears but it wasn't a problem
I have not used it on stainless, I uss it on hand tools and plastic, it prob would work but not very well since it is just battery powered
Yes...that's it...used with the cutting guide...I use mine primarily when cutting foam board to fit matted prints and trimming prints occasionally...hope this helps :+)
Plastic. It does work well.
Yes, although I will admit it does duel fast.
No
Are you asking if it does, or are you stating that it does? It does.
Yep, that's what it's designed for.
The blade depth is adjustable. I have used it to cut 2-ply and 4-ply museum board as well as 1/8" foam-core boards. Does a very credible job.
Not sure, I've only used it with the Logan Adapt-A-Rule. It has a lip you have to screw on that's not shown in the picture and that's what links into the guide.
We use the cutter for edge trimmer only. Does a pretty good job.
Yes, and it works great. John
I purchased this for my daughter and she uses it weekly decorating cakes/cupcakes. She has not expressed that it has overheated. She loves the ease of use
110
For shipping purposes, 10 pounds. But it seam very light and easy to move when I'm working with it.
Actualy mine was named as a cosmetic airbrush although I use it for model making. It is a FANTASTIC bargan. One of those airbrushes alone would cost over a hundred bucks by them self. I have been very happy with mine. But the answer is YES, it would work just fine with airbrush cosmetics. I see no reason why it wouldn't.
I purchased this some time ago. It wasn't a very large box maybe 12x12x18
No water tank. Only on when you are using it and spraying your gun. Off otherwise.
110V (USA)
This kit has everything you need except paint.
It does not because ..it does not blow air; or mine is faulty..does not work at all!!!!
I don't think so! I think this one is the basic compressor, but i am happy, very happy with it..
More like an electric toothbrush,in addition it also vibrates
Don't buy it! Never got mine to work properly.... Water or cleaning solution
It's cheap bc it's flimsy. If you need something fast for a few (2-3 uses).. Then get it .. If its not an emergency.. Invest in a more expensive machine that will actually last. This is easy to clean and use, only negative is the push button is wobbly and falls off. You can place it back and hope to find the hole but you have to hold it in place .. They replaced my first one.. I got the second one and that broke too. Both after 45 minutes of using.
No. Its for lightweight water base...products. .only
just what you see in the photo
You must use a water base foundation. Not the regular liquid foundation! Liquid foundation is too thick to pass through the airbrush. There are special foundation that is water base foundation and smooth enough to go through the foundation.
The circles are big on the pattern so the valance would need to be wide enough to a accommodate the pattern. I don't think it would work for a valance. I made a roman shade so the whole pattern displays
Yes. This material is great. Really good quality . I covered my cushions and was very pleased with the results.
No, it will not be cut up into yards; mine wasn't. I ordered 2 or 3 yards and it came in one piece.
56 inches
Definitely matte. It's woven and upholstery weight.
Maybe. but- stripes may be too wide.
it's 54" wide and however long you purchase
Yes I think it will work, maybe reinforce the ends where you connect to the stand or hanging ropes with a plain color painters drop cloth for more strength
Already cut it up, but I think it is on the listing
I don't know if it is 100% polyester but it holds up very well to the Florida sun and rain!
The stripes are 2 1/4" each so the repeat is 4 1/2. You should be good.
It's black and white. I used it to re-upholster chairs in my kitchen and it was great, the material is very very easy to clean.
They will go long way.
54 inches
Yes it will. I have the singer confidence quilter and it fits. I also have two basic singer models that it fits. I bought this one and I also bought an all metal one. Both are great. My preference is the all metal darning/quilting foot. But there is no performance issue. It's metal and I am getting older and my eyes see it better.
Here is a link to a video that is titled, "Open Toe Free Motion Spring Foot by HUSQVARNA VIKING" it looks to me that if your machine has this same type ankle/foot that you have a "low shank" you just have to take off the whole ankle not just the foot, that this free motion darning attachment would most likely work. Take a look at this: ( I hope this helps) :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW6spUsn5jM&sns=em
No
I don't know. If the shank on your machine is low (1/2" from the foot to the thumb-screw) it should. If it's high (1" from the foot to the thumb-screw), it won't. For the price, it's probably worth taking the chance.
Unless you can set stitch length to zero I would doubt it
I can only tell you it fits my" low shank" viking 500. If yours takes low shank then it may be possible.You could look online for the one that is for yours and see if it has the same configuration.
Sorry, I don't know. That's not the brand of machine I have.
You should have a steady hand. If you leave the feed dogs up then you running the risk of the bottom puckering. Use pins or adhesive to hold your sandwich together and make sure when you need to turn or stop put your needle in the down position so it does not move.
I'm not familiar with your model. I have older singer machines and all my feet fit all my machines interchangeably. I bought this foot and it fits my Touch and Sew from the 1960's, it fits my 401, my 401A heavyweight machine and my heavy duty leather Singer machine model 15-91 from the 1930's, It's 8 bucks, give it a try. Your machine is newer so I can't say for sure. Good luck.
It works on both of my Brother machines that use a low shank foot. I have the Quattro2 and the LBW EMBROIDERY machines.
Yes, you need this with your Vagabond, but if you have the Big Shot, you do not need it. Just close all the tabs and it should work for the Big Shot.
Yes
Yes this will cut wafer thin dies.
I still needed both.
You don't use the solo wafer thin die adapter with the Big Kick. You just use the multi purpose platform, that came with the Big Kick, and the two clear cutting pads that came with your Big Kick. The solo wafer thin die adapter is really for the Vagabond because the platform isn't thick enough for the thin dies.
I never needed it with my Cuttlebug. I use it with my Vagabond machine.
If you have the newest Multi Platform, you won't likely need this, but it's trial and error with some of the very intricate dies. I find using one of the metal shims with wax paper.
I have an original one. It's turquoise and black. I had one before that was red, it doesn't have rollers, but a lever action. It's made to take up slack for thin dies on the vagabond.
Sorry, I can't help you I have a Big Shot and Vagabond and I'm not sure if they are the same as the Big Kick? However, I can stay that I do use a "Metal" shim for some of the very intricate wafer thin dies and that makes them cut very well! Good Luck!
It depends on where you the ship to address is. Amazon has warehouses located throughout the states. The closest one will be used to ship to you.
These sheets are easily cut to any length that you desire for your finished candles
You might be able to roll some dried lavender or rosemary, sage or thyme. But there is no way to add it directly into the wax. I tied mine up with twine and sprigs of lavender and lace.
We made those quite some time ago, but if I remember correctly, the diameter of the candles was appr. 1 inch. Hope that helps!
nooo! don't try to color your candles unless you melt the wax which would be a bit difficult the sheets that already have color would be the way to go
This machine has been GREAT. I use assorted threads. I do not use plastic because it does not always last in dry cleaning and pressing. This machine has been one of my best investments. P.S. I have a small alterations shop.
No it does not vibrate much
Doesn't say specifically anywhere on the machine where it is made however on the motor I do see some Chinese writing if that's an indicator
blind hem
I found the curved needles at Nancy's notions.com - three sizes for light,med, and heavy fabrics.
I'm sorry but I can't help you. I don't sell these machines I bought one for my alterations business. I'm just a one person business I do out of my home. sorry
This machine is made in China.
Yes it does. I have the same machine and it makes the most beautiful ruffles and gathers that you could imagine. I highly recommend this foot.
Yes, it will. You'll have to remove the screw that secures the ankle to the shaft, then remove the ankle, then you can replace it with the ruffler foot, & return the screw to its original location. Be sure to tighten that screw in really well, because it will wiggle loose if you don't. The ruffler foot tends to have a lot of movement for something so simple. The stationary screw that is next to the thread holder loop will secure the fork on the ruffler foot. Once you read the instructions, and have your sewing machine and the ruffler foot in front of you, it will all make sense. It's really quite easy to use, as well. I'd recommend a light- to medium-weight fabric (nothing you might need a teflon foot for) when using this foot. It works great for flannels and muslins.
I have a Brother machine and was concerned about whether it would fit and work properly since it's a Singer part. This ruffler foot is actually an "old-fashioned" type of foot, i.e., not a 'snap-on'. If your Singer accommodates snap-on feet, you'll need to remove the adapter before installing the ruffler foot. The previous replies provided good info also--take your time, make sure you've installed the foot exactly as it's shown in the photos and check needle position with manual operation first. Practice is good. Take time to fold/press/stitch a 1/8" hem on the side of the fabric not being ruffled. I missed this the first time; it makes a big difference!
i have a bernina and it works fine but will need an adapter i got mine for $15.00 at sewing with Nancy
Hi, when I first saw for the first time the Ruffler sewing machine presser, I was shocked, it was ugly, rough and big! I just looked and looked until I finally decided to try it. First I read the instructions and then decided to install and use it, I was scared that if I didn't use it correctly I would break it but following instruction it sewed well and I didn't have no problems. So, the Ruffler is all I said it is above , I love it and recommend it to everyone. Remember read the instructions!
I have a Jasmine and it worked fine on it. I think it would work with any machine. You take the presser foot off and attach.
Yes! I have a Janome LE 2007 and it works fine
I have a brother LS-2125 and BL 137A2- it's also an embroidery machine. So far works great on both machines. Planning to try it on my singer CXL next week.
I did not keep the ruffler; I returned it. I own a Brother CS600i
There are three different adjustment slots on top of the Ruffler that, I believe, adjusts the distance of the stitches to the edge of the material. There is an infinite adjustment wheel for how dialing how often the ruffle is produced per number of stitches sewn. I make ruffles for decorative pillows and usually leave my Ruffler in the same position.
I had dozens of chips and I think I've barely used 25% of the bottle. This will last you a long time.
Hi there I don't see why not I bought this for all the chips in my white tile floor in this home we bought ... it worked perfectly and I wash my floors very often
high gloss, very shiny
I don't know all the available shades but I'd go for a grey or cream tone and see if that worked
Yes, it can fill & seal.
At about $8.00 for .5 oz., it would be cheaper to buy a new sink.
No
As far as I am concerned this stuff is a complete waste of money, not to mention the shipping chargers. If it were me I would try to find something else!
My opinion, it's more of a touch up paint and not a filler. Works great as a paint but deep gouges or chips it will only cover or blend with the environment. Hope this helps.
i doubt it but it's worth a try. are you talking cosmetic or does it get hot? and how small is small? it works great on my ceramic tile floor....
I have a Baby Lock Ellisimo Gold. It fits perfectly and snaps on easily. However, some machines have a different "shank" size. I also use it on my three Janome machines. I would venture to say, this foot is universal. If you are still in doubt, place a call to your local Baby Lock Dealer, or Baby Lock in St. Louis. I'm sure they have a toll free number. Just check their website. The Symphony, (which I have sewn on) is the same as an Ellisimo without the embroidery capability function. I think you'll be safe with this purchase. I love my Teflon foot! I've used it when sewing on vinyl, and creating a costume that needed a Raffia Hula Skirt! I sandwiched the raffia with a 1 inch strip of clear vinyl on each side the raffia. It was smooth sailing. Since the foot is so reasonably priced, you're not risking much in the way of an investment in comparison to other feet which can be far more costly. If it doesn't fit/work, simply return it! You've got nothing to loose. Good Luck and Happy Sewing.
Yes
I'm not sure about that particular model but just took the chance that it would fit my sewing machine. It said it fit all low shank snap ons and luckily it fit my machine. I have a brother and am very happy I took the chance and it worked out for me. A very good foot to have and I wasn't out alot if it didn't fit.
I'm not sure about this model but mine is a brother 3125. I just took the chance because it says it fits low shanks and the foot is lovely. Works for what I need. I was lucky it fit and glad I took the chance.
I'm not sure but I bought it not knowing if it would fit my specific model and works great. I have a brother LX3125 and the description says brother and thats why I bought it in the first place.
I have 4 Kenmore machines, and they work on all 4
It is a low shank, snap on foot. Check you machine manual. Hope this helps.
It will fit any low shank machine.
No, it is simply the white Teflon foot. The foot holder is a separate thing
I don't see why not. You may have to get two packs to make sure you have enough pairs, though.
It's about a little more than a handful of buttons.
Didn't count them, but best guess is 75-100. Not many of the same button. These are best for crafters, quilters, etc. not for replacing buttons on clothing.
The buttons look like metal, but they are plastic.
That's why you do two Coates of brush ink to make it pure black. While I used this brush it had a slight transparency as if the black was washed out a bit. But once you let it dry and over coat it, it's pure black appearance is great. It's fluent and it is a brush like pen it creates even strokes,depends if you do art or calligraphy like writing.
Yes.
It is... It list the tip widths included... "Set consists 1 each of 005, 01, 02, 03, 05, 08, 1mm and brush" Last line in the description...
Yes
Yes it can, but be careful though. Depending on how the paint is applied on the material you're using, it can damage the tip.
The tip is sturdy, however be mindful you shouldn't press it against the paper as a normal pen. Sakura recommends to use it at a 90 degree angle and not to add a lot of pressure when using it. I've owned several and no broken tips.
No,they dont.this are perfect for any kind of Small detauls!!luck
I haven't see anywhere that they should be stored upright but it seems to be reasonable. Are you sure that you are replacing the cap tightly. That will definitely dry them out.
I am not sure but would think not the best I can say is try on a small piece of fabric.
If you are a prime member
The card itself is 5x7 and it is unfolded
They are exactly 5" by 7"
Sorry. I don't know whether its good for photo printing. I used this product to make homemade greeting cards.
No, it did not work in my printer unless I used 1 at a time
It's in a.tablet format. It's great for projects needing just small pieces. I used it for windows in boxes I made with my Cricut. Good thickness for such a project.
The strips are similar to plastic in report folders I hope this helps :)
I would recommend laminating pouches instead of these. That would allow you to use dry erase or wet erase expo markers.
Hi Andrew. Thank you for your inquiry. Blick Art Materials is located in Illinois. We ask to allow 5-7 business days for delivery.
never used it for that purpose but I don't know
It is 132 total. There are 44 per bundle. The ad is not clear but I am satisfied with these. They are a little thinner so on some projects I use 2 sort of twisted together.
While these pipe cleaners are thinner than many brands that are sold at drug stores, they still may be too thick to fit into the stem of a thin pipe, according to my husband who is using them.
off white in color
As best as I can measure they are 4mm in diameter.
6 inches at least, it may be a bit longer, but i believe it is 6 inches
Soft.
yes it does..
The wrapper reads "Extra Absorbent 100% Cotton Filler" Hope this helps.
if you ordered from Amazon Prime, 2 day shipping is guaranteed; These particular Zen P Cleaners are A Prime, so while they may be made in China, they're prob shipping from somewhere a lot closer.
I find the Xyron Creatopia is set up better for putting through larger pieces at once on a flat surface, because it has a plate at the front that comes down to help it through ; )
I'm not aware of anything like that for the creatopia, but it is a neat idea.
Mine weighs approx. 11 lbs with a cartridge installed.
Danetta, if you are familiar with the "Xyron" sticker machines--than the "Xyron Creatopia" is also a sticker making machine for 12x12 sheets of cardstock. It is not the "Craftwell Ebosser" which does embossing...etc. I hope this helps.
Yes, this works with a laser printer
This washes out very well. I used it to free motion some trees which I had printed on it. I used it with netting underneath and was very pleased with the finished product and highly recommend it.
You definitely can use the leftover. If you are using a printer (rather than drawing on the Sulky), you will just need to "tell" the printer the size of the paper.
I wouldn't. I'm an experienced quilter and work in a quilt shop. For general machine Applique I would recommend Pellon wonder under (not heavy duty), misty fuse or steam a seam. It is a little less gummy for your needle and far less expensive. I use this to transfer hand embroidery designs onto fabric with my printer or copier. Good product but not right for what you are going to do in my humble opinion. Have fun!
i soaked fabric until sulky was lifting off, and then worked it out of the tight areas. I'd be concerned about the felt. YOu for sure would have to dry and block the faces after soaking them!
Yes. It does feel a little bit thicker, but it is SOOOO worth it. I can't say enough great things about this product! No more tracing, no more light boxes, no more fuss! It is so easy to print and place on the fabric. I'd rather have the tiniest bit of extra thickness to have the clean, straight, neat lines to embroider. I use linen, which is wobbly when trying to trace on it; also, since it's nubby, my lines were never exact. Hope this helps. :)
Not sure. It might as long as the design was not to intricate.
****A FIX!!**** As the guy that is responsible for maintaining all the equipment in a school district, I see many useful and many more useless tools come and go. Teachers are forever buying new gadgets promising to do miracles. Here is my take on this machine (bought through a school catalog, sorry Amazon). Most blades are still "sharp", they just don't have the fine edge to cut cleanly. Most people really don't understand metallurgy or how a fine blade edge is formed. Engineering and a degree will not help you work through getting a good edge. instead, simply use the fine stones, oil them and only run the machine (do NOT press hard) for a few seconds and turn the blade over. Test the edge on fabric and see if that was the ticket or not. Most of the bad reviews I have read on this machine say the blade is actually duller after they sharpen it. That tells me a whole bunch! The edge of any blade is actually a burr, once a burr is developed, it has to be removed, if not, it folds over and the blade is about worthless. You don't want a burr, you just want a better edge so sharpen the blade LESS not MORE. We have two of these machines, one in the Elementary art room and another in Secondary art, when we are doing hand quilting (12" x 12"), we go through a LOT of blades and these machines do an admirable job at putting the edge back on them. I have one teacher that is heavy handed, I have to break the burr off and lightly sharpen the blades, some of which are several years old (OLFA) and will still carry and edge.
I have not had any problems with either. It does make a louder noise when sharpening but that is to be expected. I have used this a few time and have been happy with the results.
after reading these comments, I just realized that my blade has lasted much longer since I was at class one day and forgot my olfa mat so I bought a clover mat and it is softer and that must be the reason my blade has lasted so long. I thought it was the sharpner.lol, as the blade was sharpened quite good. Funny, I learn something new every day. Will stick with the Clover mat since it is softer. Doesn't seem to let the fabric slide as much either.
Unfortunately it does not
I am only familiar with the TrueSharp brand sharpener. That is the one I purchased and it works great.
I love this tool. I believe it has a one year warranty.
Found it on Amazon. I searched for replacement stone for TrueSharp. For the fine and coarse stones is about $20. Oil I would sewing machine oil. Hopes this helps you.
yes
I purchased oil at a local hard ware store. Ask clerk for cutting fluid. Not sure about replacement stones.
Hi, Velma - is the unit sitting on a firm tabletop? And the proper 60mm setup is in the unit? I wonder if the blades are not level for some reason. It has been awhile since I used mine, but it did a great job. I think your's will, also. Perhaps a call to the company when you have it all set up and they can hear it over the phone. I hope this helps in some way, and good luck! Anne
Only lies flat.
They used to but don't anymore. Works just as well but cheaper
You need to use a quilt hanger sleeve along the back top edge of the quilt. You leave a small section open (finished) in the middle of the sleeve. You can sew the top edge(s) of the sleeve into the top seam of the quilt along with the binding and then handsew the other edges, or just handsew all the way around. Or - You can buy a sleeve ready to use from the same company. It's a brilliant design for supporting the quilt and displaying it with no other leveling needed. Here's a good website that even has a video explaining this. http://www.hangitdangit.com/instructions.asp These are the best quilt hangers I've ever used!
Use the included Even Feed/Walking foot, the correct Leather needle or Denim needle, the correct heavyweight thread (and make sure everything is properly threaded of course) and it will work very well. Use the Jean-a-ma-gig type accessory that is included to topstitch over seams. It works perfectly. Avoid using the hand wheel or risk throwing the machine out of tune. (Use the buttons exclusively to raise/lower needle. This is a computerized machine) Many people do not know how to use sewing machines to get their desired results and do not research any accessories. These people will probably become frustrated, experience tension issues and bobbin thread bunching up, etc. and write negative reviews. I sew leather pants and denim with this machine with professional results at home. Be patient and read the manuals and use YouTube for tutorials. Of course, you can achieve heavy duty sewing with many machines. This machine is expensive but does tons of embroidery and monogramming stitches, has 25 needle positions, and comes with an incredible amount of accessories for the price. It has a decent metal frame and a DC motor. Many people doing heavy duty projects will want less bells and whistles and and a non computerized machine. But they will still need a walking foot, the correct stitches for the correct needle and thread. Home machines will all eventually quit but if you know how to get the best out of them you can get a decent amount of work for your money before moving up to an industrial strength machine. I personally think this is a great package for people who make clothing at home. If I only needed to sew upholstery covers or similar at home I'd price out the accessories I'd need (walking foot, zipper foot, etc) and get a basic, non computerized cast iron or metal frame machine with a few stitches including triple stretch stitch and at least 3 needle positions. But I think this package is a great deal and very flexible for people like me who make all different clothing and home goods. I don't quilt though. Just my opinion!
Warranty still applies. There is a 25, 5, and 1 year warranty depending on the part. Here's a link. http://www.singerco.com/support/warranty-terms/electronic-sewing-machines
The latest answer from yesterday by "susan0624" is right on and I just finished a queen-sized quilt (108 x 108); it wouldn't have worked to do free motion with this size and all rolled up in the throat, but I used one of the fancy stitches along the seams and it worked out great; also, I think I pushed it to the limits with doing a queen-sized quilt on it.
I was new to sewing as well. As long as you read the instructions in the manual it is a very easy machine to use. Very easy to thread the needle, and I love the bobbin winding feature...I guess people don't like to sit down and actually read and learn about what they just bought... I had no sewing experience at all, and now I'm sewing like crazy!! Hope this helps... :)
Two sets of 2: This can handle the heaviest of fabrics and the lightest. This is by far the best machine I have ever owned. My only disappointment is it does not fit in my Mothers Singer Sewing Machine Cabinet, which is about 70+ years old.
The bobbin size of 15J is the only bobbin that is supposed to be used with this machine. Have you checked to make sure your needle is not bent? I have learned so much by going to You Tube and typing in Singer Quantum Stylist 9960 and Strikesmyfancy has a whole series of videos that shows how to operate this machine. One of the first videos shows exactly how to insert the bobbin. Hope this helps.
There's a wheel up by the bobbin winder. Try turning that, you may have turned it last time you wound a bobbin.
I've never had a problem with the bobbin area. I've been using the machine a great deal in the past 6 months having made 3 full quilts and working on a 4th-and all the piecework and machine quilting that goes with that-so mine is getting a lot of usage. I had one issue with thread but I was using really cheap thread-when I changed it out to the better thread my problem went away (this was on the top end of the machine not the bobbin area). So I would suggest changing the thread, to see if the problem stops.
Jana, I only had it less than a month then I returned it. After using it a couple times it quit, the timing went out.
Not really. The bobbin winder is on top by the thread holder. It is easy to thread and easy to use. Then you must put it in the bobbin holder beneath the needle.
Yes, it will work on a BabyLock Ellisimo. A word of caution: slide the connecting bar into the embroidery unit VERY slowly. It is a tight fit. Also, I limit the amount of time I use it, and never use it for dense embroidery projects.
go to http://qualitysewing.com/snap-hoop.html?gclid=CKSwjoyAurcCFUQ6QgodukYAtA this is the chart to go by to see if it fits your machine..any other questions call the 800 number at the top
no it will not. only baby lock Ellisimo BLS0 and brother Quanttro... i had to send it back cause it didn't fit mine either
I am sorry but I do not know anything about that machine as I have a Babylock
Yes it does
These bobbins do have one flat side and one concave side . The husqvarna bobbins are pretty specific to their matching machines though. If you know the model of your machine,, you can internet search for which bobbin fits it (but it isn't all that easy). These bobbins are #1, which are for a model 1+. it took me a few trys to find the right bobbins, so good luck.
Laurel here is a link to a site that lists parts and their numbers for the Viking 400: http://www.sewingpartsonline.com/viking-400-sewing-machine-parts.aspx
they worked for my one plus machine and I am Not sure how that compares to a 415...
They have about .25 inch hole on one side and .375 inch on other side. Hope that helps.
yes
Yes and no. No, you can't cut them open or the photo emulsion liquid would spill out and make a mess. Yes, you can fit more than one on a pad. What I do is set up my artwork so that one pad is filled with multiple stamps.(I use Illustrator). So it depends on how big your stamps are. Don't put items too close to the border or they might not come out good. I actually set up multiple sets of artwork to print on one sheet of the paper, then I cut them out to the size needed for the medium pad. That way I can get many stamps from one sheet of the paper. FYI. I think Teresa Collins stopped branding these, but you can get them through Photo Centric USA. It's the same thing, it just has a different logo.
Approximately 2.5" by 4". You would want to keep the stamp design a bit smaller than that - those dimensions are fairly close to the edges of the stamp packs.
It helps if you provide a link and description so people know which product you are requesting.
No, it's not. I ended up returning it as it's not very deep either.
The box is only about a 1/4 inch deep. Not a lot of room for a shadow box look. I put a piece of paper, a small dried flower, and a lapel pin and that was tight to close over the pin. Might not be the best for sand collection. The description should say more like...deep frame, than shadow box.
No, it's only about 1/2" wide in there. I use mine for photos so it works great for that!
I bought these as gift for my wife to store photos in. She did a lot of research so I would assume they are acid free. She as a person who loves her photos and scrapbooks and would only use acid free. You can always check with the manufacturer if possible. Hope this helped.
The large holds 12 cases while the extra large holds 16 cases
Yes, an Avery File Folder Label fits nicely.
one
Only one came. Extra large plastic case with two rows of eight photo cases (16 small cases).
I believe so-it's currently in storage so I can't test it for you, however 4x6 photos fit great so I don't see a problem other than rare occasion of huge packets
I measured 14 3/4" across, 12" long, 5 1/4" deep. The cases are 4 1/2"x6 1/2" with 1 1/4" deep. Those are my measurements. Hope this helps.
So far they do not stick together. That may depend on the photo itself and the storage conditions since at times when not using this storage container I have had photos stick (rare) while other times hundreds of photos were in a shoe box and they did not stick. Note that this case is not anything other than separate storage containers that hold 4x6 photos (or smaller), and those separate containers fit into a larger carrying case.
It is exactly as you see in the picture... 6X4
Yes, the 12 X 12 album will work just fine.
Yes, it will work with any scrapbook that uses 12x12 inserts.
The opening is on the top of each picture slot. So you have six slots per page. To use both sides of the page you put the pictures in back to back. I really like the set up
In this particular package they are all horizontal, but there are packages that have vertical options.
You need to insert them back to back on the same side.
They are 4" edge on the side.
The inside pocket definitely fits 12 x 12 paper with the three holes being extra on the side. Perfect for scrapbooks. The only problem is the three hole punch only lines up wih certain scrapbooks so I had robust my single hole punch to make extra holes to fit the books I already had.
there are slits on both sides to insert the pictures
10 sheets.
It will fit Brother.
They fit the Baby Lock Sofia 2 machine perfectly! That is the machine I have and I have had no problems with this hoops on my machine. Hope this helps! :-)
The hoops are 4 3/4 x 8 3/4; 4 3/4 x 6 1/4; and oval 2 1/2 x 3 1/2. Fits my Brother 885-V31
You probably could however I have never used for this purpose. However with the large hoop it should work quiet nicely.
Small 2x2 inches Medium 4X4 inches Large 5x7inches
Yes, but be sure to give them a few hours to dry.
yeah -- most of them are opaque. You might find one or two that won't work as well -- the glittery ones are mostly just glitter and clear, but some have glitter in a brightly colored glue.
If you're wanting to decorate something for Halloween, they would be just fine. If for "fancy wear," and you're a good artist, use a stiff brush to apply. Do not squeeze onto your pants. These tubes have a tendency to "burp," which puts a blob where only a line should be, for instance. The package says you can use these paints on multiple surfaces. Several of them are glittery.
no clue -- but, honestly, they dried up fairly quickly... they were only okay and good because they come in many colors... i wouldn't really rec purchasing these.
There is a white in there, but just one tube of it. The colors are all pictured in the stock photo. I'm not at home so I can't list the colors that I received, but like I said, they appear to be pictured.
It is not washable, in my experience. It is a permanent fabric paint. I personally would not purchase this product again. The applicator bottles are messy and imprecise.
No batteries. Its electric.
Yes, it has an adapter. A few comments on this item: It has only two speeds: on, and off. Also, it is incredibly cheaply made. The sewing quality is very low quality as well. Lastly, the foot pedal had a wiring problem. there was a bad connection that I had to re-solder. In summary, I wouldn't recommend purchasing this.
No i am sorry, i dont know i dont use it anymore
Yes
Hi Sorry but we only sell the diamond blades Thanking you for your inquiry
Hi Yes we do ship to the UK and Worldwide. If interested, simply proceed with your shopping and Amazon is set up to automatically combine your order(s) and provide you with the shipping charges Thanking you for your inquiry
Usually polymer clay doesn't need to stay in the mold while it's baked, right? It will probably keep its shape if you remove it from the mold before baking, unless it is difficult to take it out of the mold without squashing the shape, then it might be better to have a flexible mold.
Yes, the backside is hollow. I would think it would be a perfect mold for terra cotta clay. The mold is made of plastic. Hope this helps :-)
I measured the base of the dome and it measures 1 1/2 inches across and the dome height is 1 inch. It is a very nice tool and the best quilled paper size to use is the 1/4 inch.
check out the silicone molds from freshware, they have a 1/2 sphere dome that is 1" (not sure if you're looking for smaller) I work with resin and love their molds (they come out nice and shiny), I don't think I'd bother trying with this, probably better luck just finding a cheap chocolate mold in the half dome and releasing by popping in a freezer after the resin cures.
This is not an iron on. Simply place it in the hoop along with your fabric to be embroidered. Works very well for most fabrics. Use an iron stabilizer with tshirt knits
I've been hand embroidering for almost 60 years, and I've never used a stabilizer as a backing. There is a foam board that sticks to the back of your design. I would advise using that, it also helps when you frame it. Check with a store that sells hand embroidery items and ask them. They could show you products that are up to date, and used for that purpose. This product is for machine embroidery, an entirely different procedure.
Because you are using tearaway stabilizer. Is this a denser design? Tear away is great for hand stitching and light stitching. "Redwork", etc. However, on more detailed and denser designs (especially the compact ones), you end up sewing yourself holes in the stabilizer and it no longer does its job. I had a lot of issues with this until I found out what was going on. I never have that problem with cut away stabilizer, which is better for garments and holds up better in the wash, too. I very rarely use tearaway because of this issue.
This is very heavy weight but squares are for a small hoop 4x4"
Yes
If you are purchasing a new embroidery machine this is a stabilizer for your designs. If you are puchasing a regular sewing machine simply ignore.
Stabilizer is the tear away used with embroidering. Backing might be a lining, or an interface.
I use it for machine embroidery it is a little thick not sure if it would work on cardstock
Yes
Yes
Hello, I researched Clovers website and do not see that they offer replacements for this set. You might be able to find on ebay, possibly even a partial kit. Sorry for the inconvenience, Craft Centre
Yes, it's plastic, but very smooth and flexible (also swivels). To get the "curls" out, you can dunk it in hot water, and then stretch it straight and run it under cold water immediately after the hot water dunk. I do this with all my circular cords and it works really well.
Total length
a clover Takumi USA, website. You could try there. Best of luck.
I do find that this does happen, but I have gotten into habit of checking every so often. This is only complaint I have. They handle heavier weight yarns better than knitters pride cubics, which break easily
Hi Jennifer, No they are meant to be used with the circular nylon cords that come in the set.
You can use any circular needles in place of regular needles. Just knit back and forth as you normally would and pretend the cable isn't there.
cord swivel? Is that supposed to be good or bad? Anyhow, I just love my set of needles and have used them every day since I bought them. No problems whatsoever!
Yes, on both bamboo tips of each size. The length of the cables are not but just measure the length if you need to know precisely. I can't imagine why you would though. By the way, the cable is flexible enough to use for the "Magic Loop" method in case you were interested. Darla
I don't think you can yet. They're a great set though.
The Pebeo 160 is designed more specifically for glass because it is transparent, while the Pebeo 150 is designed more towards porcelain or ceramics and is a semi-transparent to opaque paint. In my experience, the 150 is still pretty transparent depending on the color, but the 160 is even more so and will give the effect of stained glass when applied to a glass surface. I probably wouldn't use the 160 on porcelain simply because it's just too transparent.
The assortment is NOT fine tip. They sell fine tip pens but I believe you have to buy them individually.
Hi Elizabeth, they are dishwasher safe - as long as you let the cup completely dry after it's been washed. I have heard that they aren't food safe so I wouldn't use them on the like of plates & bowls etc, unless you were just using them as an ornament.
Let the cups dry for 24 hours and then bake in the oven for 30 mins @ 150. When 30 mins are up turn off oven and leave them to cool completely inside.
I have bought new sealed ones that were dried out, so I don't think the shelf life is very long. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
I keep mine tightly closed and have had no problem with them drying out.
I have not had great results in a dishwasher. We find they last longest, hand washing with a soft sponge or rage, but even then there is still some wear.
Yes, you should be able to use these on Corelle plates.
I taught my 8-11 year old AD class who each made a plate, 10 girls in all plus the plate I made as an example and I had plenty left over to do another project with them. I ordered extra black as that was the most needed color for our project; however, it wasn't needed. Have fun, these pens are wonderful to work with.
No
Yes and no...we never got ours to cut good corners so we sent it back for a refund. I think ours cutter head had its blade reference line in the wrong spot. But yes this unit does have position stops.
As long as your aim is good. It's a little tricky finding the start and end points with the beveled blade but it can be done.
I have used it to cut foam core up to 1/2" for my interior design boards, but that's as thick as I've had occassion to cut. I believe you can adjust the depth of the blade up to an inch though.
Alex, We only ship within the uS. My apologies, Bill Wright Treyco
No
The largest boards I have done are 30" x 20". I think 2 yards would be too much for this particular model as it's length is 35" (2'-9")long.
I'm not sure what you're asking exactly, but the unit only cuts one mat at a time. You can set up the 'guides' to cut one mat after another as long as each mat is the same size & cut.
Yes but you have to pull the blade on the cutter out a little further. If you don't it will cut through just far enough to leave a skim of paper which when you try to fix it mucks up the mat. This thing will cut a real nice mat but there is a learning curve and even thereafter it's easy to screw it up if you're not careful. Overall I am happy with it. It does the job and was affordable. Once you have a feel for how the blade has to be fiddled with its fine. If you pull the blade out to far it will overcut
You should have no problem cutting 32 x 40 mats. That's the size I bought it for.
I'm not sure I Think it would depend on how thick the plastic is if it is to thick I think you would have a hard time you might take it to a frame shop and ask or see if it can be cut on a mat cutter before you buy one for your self.
About 44 inches wide and very pretty.
Red Orange
Yes, when you order more then one we cut in one long piece.
I would say that it's not bright cherry red but I would NOT say it's orange. Maybe more comparable to a 'poppy' type color. Red with a little orange mixed in. I used a red thread and it worked/looks great.
Cotton
You will have to order 3 yards on this site
Seam width???? I would guess that you mean the width of fabric? If so, it is the standard 42".
It's sold by the yard. You'd get a yard of fabric for each unit you buy
Yes, as long as you don't have a very long name like Elizabeth. I'd say four, maybe five letters max is all you'll be able to do
This is the same way they measure TV's. The top end to the tip of the toe and not the heel.
My best advice would be to contact Bucilla directly. They probably have a website that has their contact information. That's my best guess. Each time I make one of these kits I end up throwing away the leftover scraps and instructions.
Any standard needles you use will work. If you don't own them, they are relatively inexpensive at places like Walmart, Michaels and Hobby Lobby.
Hi Kristin, this design uses continental, and then back stich and french knot for the details
yes, it is yarn wool, and plenty of it.
Yes it is!
I did receive the Snowman Kit---needlepoint. It is more complicated than I expected!!
The canvas is 13 inch x 20 inch and the finished stocking is 16 inches. It doesn't say how much room you'll have on the inside of the stocking but I'm thinking if you cut the felt backing bigger than recommended (which is what I'm going to do) you'll have a bit more room.
YES
Cotton
It's not going to work very well. The clothes need to be soaked overnight for the best results. If you're willing to risk your washing machine and possibly have dye stuck in there for an unknown number of washes then you could try, but I don't find it keen. Plus I doubt the colors will hold in the fabric very long for whatever you're trying to dye. Additionally, it may be counter-intuitive to use the washing machine since the salts may become separated from the fabric in a machine-controlled cycle and the salts are what help to bind the dye to the fabric so you really want the salts clinging to the fabric instead of being shaken off violently in a wash cycle.(It also won't even be good to use the washing machine to rinse the clothes once they're done soaking in dye, either, because that's a huge waste of water as rinsing the dye takes forever and a wash cycle will never be as thorough as using your hands and a water hose.)I would say just grab a big tub and do it the old-fashioned way. Much more fun.
About 15.
I haven't done on myself. I've dyed a lot of different types of cotton fabrice with great success with this kit. Thicker fabrice take a lot more dye and sometimes a re-dye depending on the effect you want. Hope this helps. Good luck and have fun!!
Powder
Burlap needs a 'fiber reactive' dye, which this is, so yes it will work well, just make sure you are starting out with light toned or white burlap made of cotton. http://www.pburch.net/dyeing/fiberreactive.shtml RIT dye will also work, but the colors won't be as deep as with the Procion dye. If you are starting with brown burlap, you can only dye it darker than what it currently is.
Basically anything on the color wheel. We made green, purple, orange, and different variations of blue when we did our party. We used 5 gallon buckets and probably made over 40 shirts out of list packet, we didn't have much use for the black though
Mine seem to be quite colorfast. I did not do any really deep colors but stronger than pastels. Love the dyes!
Hi Shaun. Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize that we do not offer expedited shipping through Amazon. We ask to allow up to 5-7 business days for ground delivery. Please contact us directly if you need to make any changes to your order.
Any color. It comes with true red, blue, yellow, and black. Then you can mix them to make any color, orange, purple, green ect.
I know nothing about your machine, but I will give you the cartridge dimension: 4 3/4 X 5 1/2 and 1 5/8 in. thick. Hope that helps. Also these hearts a much smaller than I had hoped. The smallest is about 1 in.
hi im sure all leading brand dies are compatable with with each other i own sizzix big shot and you can use all brands of dies with it i read this on spellbinders site How do I use Steel Rule Dies with my Spellbinders Wizard Machine? (includes Sizzix Originals, Zip'e Slims, Compact Dies by Cross-Cuts, Thick Cuts by Ellison Design, Sizzix Bigz) Start with W-025 Raspberry Spacer Plate, place the paper to be cut on top, place the steel rule die blade down on top of the paper. Feed into the Spellbinders Wizard machine. hope this helps
The large heart is 2 1/2 inches long, next is 2 inches long, the next is 1 1/2 inches long and the smallest is approximately 5/8 inch long.
Yes, I use it in my cuttlebug. I do use an extended plate with it, it is too long to use with the standard cuttlebug plates. Well, technically you can still use it with the regular plates but it won't cut out all the letters with one pass, you will have to run it through more than once if you want the whole alphabet.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but I don't think you can emboss paper with this thin strip. It is meant to cut paper (not fabric, or cardboard, just paper). I'm not sure exactly how you would go about embossing someones name either unless you had a custom embossing folder made. I did a google search and found this site http://www.customembossingfolders.com/ I hope this helps.
Yes. You can use it in the embosser for sure; from bottom to top: platform D, platform C, cutting die, material, platform A. For the Grand Calibur the sandwich is: platform C, cutting die, material, and then use a Sizzix cutting plat on top of that. The only thing is, is that these decorative strips dies are 12 inches long and the platforms on either of the machines is not so you may have to run it through twice; just move it over to cut the rest of the die the second time through. Hope this helps!
The die does cut felt. I use a metal plate when cutting felt. The size is 0.5 inches. It is less that 1/2 inch but very cute and looks great on cards and scrapebook pages.
The letters are a half inch tall.
Yes, they bleed through thin pages.
Yes
I am sorry I have not tried it on fabric.
There is no brown in my pack. Hope that helps!
There are no colors on the pens itself. I can tell you there's a black, red, dark blue, light blue, purple, and green. There may be duplicates, but I've lost some so I can't remember. Hope this helps.
Shocking pink!
As far as I know. I am not too concerned about how fine the point is...It is just right for me. Plus, they last a long, long time.
They are NOT .03mm or 003s. The packaging does not specify a size, but 0.33 seems about right. I just compared the pens from this order to a Micron 02/0.2mm (don't have my 03/0.3 handy at the moment), and the Le Pen is definitely thicker than the Micron 02/0.2mm.
Absolutely! You need one extended clear pad and the Sizzix Premium Extended Crease Pad. You must use the crease pad to create subtle fold lines.
I don't think so. If you go to the Sizzix website, it should be able to tell you what machines are compatible with what dies. I hope that helps!
finished size is 3x4 it makes a real cute box-I love this die. Check out Layers of ink blog for "Thank you suitcase" too cute!!
Good Evening, Unfortunately, we do not ship internationally at this time. Thank You, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
I don't they will work on canvas, they are not intense enough, but here is a suggestion. (Try this on a scrap piece if canvas first). Use a bottled metallic or pearlescent acrylic paint, then heat set. Also, I watched a You Tube video where Derwent Inktense Pencils were used on canvas with very nice results, check it out.
Yes, it contains mica. Here is the production description: Twinkling H2Os Watercolors incorporate a blend of mica and other minerals that transmit refractive light and color, similar to light rays in a crystal. The sparkle and shimmer of Luminarte Twinkling H2O's add depth and dimension to your projects! The results are realistic images that come alive! Other watercolor paints use non-premium grade pigments and mica, resulting in less intense color and sparkle. Just spritz the cake with water to activate the paint. Apply with a paintbrush, sponge or other painting tool. Use on paper, canvas, papier-mache, gesso boards, air-dry clay, chipboard, cardstock, rocks, wood and even Easter eggs! Luminarte twinkling H2Os are non-toxic, acid free and safe for all ages! This package contains a 10 gram jar of watercolor paint. Available in a variety of colors, each sold separately.
I bought one set for $30 it has 32 colors in all. Some are pearl and some metallic .
Using a peg in every hole of the MS loom makes about a 3/8 inch space between pegs (space meaning from center of the peg to center of the next peg). The spacing between the pegs is 7/16" on the KB Knitting Boards. The spacing varies on the Knifty Knitter depending on the color. Source: http://loomknittingcentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Looms-by-Manufacturer.pdf
In my opinion, no it is not a good option. It is hard to hold and working the yarn can be a challenge if it is on the loom even a little bit tight. My Mom is 91 and even though she is in great shape I don't think she could manage this because her hands just aren't as agile as they once were, the tools are flimsy and frankly it is just kind of tedious. I would try a Knifty Knitter. The pegs are larger, the instructions a little simpler and the results are faster. Like most things from Martha Stewart this is needlessly difficult.
Hi. I made the baby blanket and also found the weaving tool too short. I made a homemade tool from a wire hanger. A thinner-wired hanger is easier to work with. With cutters I snipped the upper arm of the hanger about an inch from the bend. That will be the hook end. The other side I cut a few inches farther up the other upper arm. You bend that part into a handle. Throw the hanger section away. Shape the hook end with pliers. I had to file the cut end to smooth it down. Shape the handle with pliers making it comfortable for you to turn the hook flat to pass through the warp yarn, then to turn it up to go between the pegs to pick up the weft yarn. That's up to you. I wrapped the handle with tape to cushion it a bit. Hope this helps. I can send you pictures of the blanket but I can't figure out how to do it.
One skein for a simple scarf, 3-5 skeins for more complex or multicolored scarves. Go to http://www.lionbrand.com/cgi-bin/patternIndex.fcgi and put "martha stewart loom scarf" into the search. You'll get several pages of scarf and cowl patterns.
So many people have been complaining about this. It happens too me too. It's really just not made that well. You can glue it in I suppose, but as another person said in my knitting group "If I pay for something I shouldn't have to glue it, hammer it, nail it, together to get it to work properly." I have to agree with that.
I don't think you can; the spacing between the pegs is too large, even when you put the small pegs in every hole. I have made a really thick slipper/house sock but I was using #5 yarn.
Sorry. I haven't made the blanket. I would think you could make the strand of yarn you are weaving with longer to compensate for the tool's lack of length
A lot of reviewers had this problem too. I had to use a tiny hammer to get mine in the first time and pliers to get them out. After that they fell out on their own. Terrible product, I would return it if you still can.
It can but the pegs fall out I would stick with k nifty knitter I cannot use mine at all was a waste of money
I think you can check Amazon you might be able to find one. I am looking for one myself. I agree with you the tool is not that great.
Beginner here: Based on a few things that I have made, I have to agree that these multi needle tools might be best suited for flat works. But I have made a few 3D ones with this multi-needle tools and it turned out fine. But because I had to push down with a twist motion for the needles to come out, my completed projects were more compact. It was a bit harder to control and I ended up stabbing myself a few times.
Yes, I believe they are. (Never broke one or had to replace one!)
I read one review which said you can use 2 or three needles.
Yes, it is a multi needle felting tool.
The needles are in a circular pattern with one in the center. I broke the center needle and was going to replace it but it works even better without the center needle.
yes everything in included except scissors!
These are fairly simple to assemble. The instructions show a few stitches that are required for the project, so I would think s child with basic sewing skills and some patience could put these together. They also lend themselves to individual adornment, depending on one's creativity. I don't know how to assign an age range, but would guess 10 and up.
I made these last month. They are very cute and easy. There are three birds in the package.
I've never tried that. But I think I'm going too now that you've mentioned it.
Hi, I just ran some chipboard through and the measurements I got were: 5/8", 1", 1-1/2", 1-5/8" and 2".
This is not individual dies, this is one piece - the size approximate to the Tim Holtz Bigz dies. So yes, bigger than framelets. I don't know about gel, but depending on thickness of foam, it should cut no problem. Hope that helps.
unfortunately, I often need to cut the box open, but if you look carefully there is a small piece of tape at the top...I hope this helps!
I purchased this last year and it is in storage. I wish that I was able to help more. I can't answer your question. Please forgive me.
yes, there are two
It makes two butterflies, one that is solid and one that has cutouts. They are the same size so that they can be layered.
I really cannot tell you. I have had nothing but problems with this software and tried to contact the company. They never responded.
yes. There is a drop down box when you save the file .... just choose pes format.
Yes, it will allow you to combine letters into words, and it will save files into the .ART format
Jaqueline, Yes. Keep in mind, it is also the Personize N Stitch serial number which you are also purchasing. It is good currently to put on two computers. You can always buy the program, and then instead of installing from the CD, go directly to Amazing Designs, and download the latest version, and input the serial number to legitimize your copy. But the serial number will only work twice. Be sure to Save your receipt, or know where you can find it in Amazon, as if a computer crashes, and you need to move the program to a new computer, tech support will require a proof of purchase from you. Thank you
Yes. There is a monogram mode. You can choose from many designs and also make your own. It's very versatile
Approximately 17 inches wide by 15 1/2 inches high by 9 inches deep - LOADS OF POCKETS! The front pocket [shown unzipped] includes 2 small removable Velcro pouches. The picture doesn't show it, but there is a large pouch on the other side as well. Made of heavy canvas, with strong zippers.
It's a double handle that works over the top when it's zipped shut. One part is by the raised handle towards the back, the other on the front of the bag by the zipper. No side handles. Nice bag.
Yes it would work for that but has lots of little odd pockets and whatnot and is being used for art supplies
I don't know why not, it had many sections. It also came with two small bags inside that could hold brushes or whatever you wanted. I really like the bag.
I don't think so, the main pocket is kinda small, It can't fit my singer fashion mate 5500. if your machine is smaller than 17 inches maybe it will.
There really isn't a good place for something to lay flat like that in this bag. This mostly is for "file standing" items...rather than those that can lay down flat.
Two wheels in back plus two feet in front so it will stand alone but will roll when tipped on back wheels. Rolls easily.
I don't have ruler to measure for you but I've got at least 10 of the 12 inch square scrapbooking pads of paper stuffed into this bag easy. Hope that helps you.
6.2 Pounds. It is very light weight.
the bag was good size about 17 inches wide 12 deep but the handles were cheap cheap and the wheels broke it was great bag but very cheap, i returned it and bought a very good one at Hobby Lobby! would not recommend this bag! it lasted 1 week!
No it doesn't say that they came in a zip lock bag.
2" long
The top is flat and the bottom, or clamp part is curved.
I have not tried these on a baby's hair, but although they do have a very strong closing grip, they don't really have much traction to grab on to fine baby hair. For toddler hair and up these work great, but I wouldn't suggest them for baby hair.
Length: 20 in.; Width: 14 in.; Thickness: 1/4 in.
It's a rectangle.
No, it is transparent. It seems an inconvenience at first, but I put the glass table over white paper to see the colors better. The size is very good since it gives plenty of room for mixing several colors.
There are 50 complete buckles (both sides)
You have to get one of the flat plastic adjustor pieces that is available. It has 2 long rectangular slots, so the strap is adjustable. I just pop riveted the ones I did and wound it with electrical tape. You could use small screws, nuts and washers also.
YKK has these rated at 338 pounds
Most people sew the webbing on the female end. But, it can be attached other ways just depending on what you are using it for.
I am sorry but we do not have these in white. These hold better with our polyester webbing but if you want to use polypro webbing I would suggest using a triglide for extra hold.
Hi, We are sorry but at this time we do not carry this style YKK Buckle. Thanks, Pam
I use them for my dogs' collars and they hold up well for that but if you are carrying more than 60 lbs I wouldn't recommend it. I think it could with stain anything under 60.
You can make them adjustable and it is very easy. You can even adjust them to each kid if they switch belts. The connectors act just like the ones you see on kids backpacks. It is difficult to explain to you how to loop the belt thru it so I strongly suggest you just a kids backpack to see how it was done. These are a little bit big if you are talking about using them on 6 yr olds or younger, but if you are talking about making a tool belt for an older kid, they are the perfect size. Just make sure you get the right belt thickness.
Absolutly!, for anything you want to clip.
YES
The backing is cloth with foam behind it. The medals will pin to it just like you would pin a medal to a uniform.
You'd have to ask te seller. I think smaller than an 8 x 11" sheet of paper, the depth is ? 3 inches. So it won't hold a whole bunch of stuff but held my boyfriends ribbons, metals, patches and name patch
12" x 10" x 2"
I didn't notice any fumes. The glue pen is neat and works really well. I had to play around with it at first, to figure out how much glue it dispenses, but I got the hang of it quick. I would definitely use it again.
I believe that there are two different packages - one with 2 pens and this one with 12. Mine had 2 and cost considerably less. Good thing too as it dried up really quickly...
I do not use it for that, but I am sure that ir would work. Put the dot of glue where you want the rhinestone, then place the bling on the glue. Reverse twizzers help. I am going to use it to place a large die cut on my Christmas cards.
These are the fine point, tiny tip, great for putting small embellishments, paper items on your project. One dap works well. I don't think its 2mm. Its smaller than that.
I did not use this....I ordered it for a friend so do not know how it works.
I can't answer the first two questions. The second one depends on how often you use it and on what types of projects. I use mine for smaller pieces in card making and scrapbooking--I use it on the pieces where an adhesive runner or double sided tape is too large or the piece is odd shaped or you need to get into the corners a bit better. Under those conditions, to me, it lasts quite a long time. No, it is not refillable.
So sorry about the delay. Yes, they are just right! Thank you very much!
About 1/2 inch. Give or take.
The numbered stamps measure at or just over 1/2 x 1/2 inch. The other stamps in the set are larger.
I was hoping for this same information... Anyone?
The spool is approximately 2 1/2" long. The thread does last. I am still on my first spool after making a bobbin twice and almost done with a dress. Still have more to go, but the spool looks like I barely made a dent. Hope this helps.
I'm not sure that I understand this question. I use this thread with my sewing machine so it's a standard needle.
Yes it can.
I got thread. The spools were smaller than I expected. I thought I was buying full size cones.
Yes. If properly capped and kept horizontal, they stay good for years. You can do several passes to achieve a denser tone, it may consume the marker faster. I recommend bleedproof paper, because it will drain less ink, make the large area fills look more uniform, and allow for better mixing and shading, as it takes a bit longer to dry. Also, Your #0 blender will work way better. Porous paper and darker colors last less than the light colors over bleedproof. If you plan heavy work, consider the big square markers, also from copic.
These markers are great for skin tones and for really nice shading effects. And I have quite a few. However, now that Stampin' Up has come out with theirs, at about half the price, I will probably buy some of those and compare them. If you are buying any of these markers for shading, it is important to buy at least 3 in the same color family, for example, a light blue, medium blue and darker blue. I have lots of pale colors in the Copics as I have never liked the selection of pales in most markers other than the old Tombows.
E00: Skin White E11: Barley Beige E13: Light Suntan E15: Dark Suntan E18: Copper R20: Blush The color of the ink on paper matches the color you see at the top of the cap for each marker. :o)
Copic is produced by .Too Corporation in Japan; they may not be available in all regions (This is also true for Copic give-a-aways that they do through Imagination International.) If the seller ships internationally from the Amazon.com (United States) marketplace, then it could be mailed to Australia. I suggest going to Amazon.com.au (Australia) and doing a marketplace search for Copic markers. Additionally, you may also search on the Copic website to find a local retailer near you.
Yes these markers have a calligraphy point side and a highlighter type side. You can do thin and thick points with both sides. I don't know why they are so expensive (maybe because they are very popular and many professionals use them), but honestly they are worth the money. Especially this set.
One box.
i think no.and seller violate the law if he or she ship it with regular shipping.because you can't ship anything flammable liquids (flammable liquid is the liquid with flash point(The flash point of a volatile material is the lowest temperature at which it can vaporize to form an ignitable mixture in air) below 100F ) .flash point of rubbing alcohol is 11.7 C (53.1 F) so it must be considered flammable liquid and when you ship any package they always ask if there is anything flammable inside of your package.
This set contains the following colors: E00, E11, E13, E15, E18, R20
Sixpack: R20, E00, E11, E13, E15, E18. It should have E000, in my opinion.
The nobbins work on my Singer Touch & Sew Model 600E, which was new in 1966. The instruction manuals that came with the machine cite model 600 and 604, so I'm thinking that the bobbins for all the 600s are interchangeable, but I can't be certain. The only diffetene I see is that the bottom disc of the recently purchased bobbins is opaque rather than clear. Otherwise they load and stitch as usual.
Yes, they do.
My Touch & Sew is Model 600E from the 1960s. I wasn't able to find bobbins that worked in it either in local fabric stores or thru Amazon.com. I finally took the machine to a reputable local sewing machine repair shop for servicing. I was promised that with servicing and the proper bobbins (which they sold), the bobbins would wind. So far so good. The bobbins, at .$75 each, were called "white line" bobbins by the shop owner. I'm buying all they have!
Not positive because I have a 600 series BUT this website has all the information you could ever want to know about Singer sewing machines. It has helped me many times. http://tandtrepair.com/
These bobbins fit a singer golden touch and sew machine #750 and will not fit any other machine. when I ordered these a year ago, they weren't as good as my original bobbins. Most of the time they snagged
Yes they do.
Don't think so. These bobbins are for one of the early early models. Google "bobbins for singer Athena 2000" you should find a site that will tell you which ones you need. Singer site should tell you too.
I purchased these bobbins for my 750 Golden Touch & Sew zig-zag machine.I sold my machine with those bobbins and never got a chance to use them on it.
they fit the machine perfectly, have not sewn with them as yet
I am sorry but I have a Singer Golden Touch and Sew (1970) and know nothing about the Futura II
These are just a range of greys, but I'll tell you exactly what is contained therein: Neutral Grays: N0, N2, N4, N6, N8 It also comes with Copic Multiliner SP 0.5, which is Water and Copic Proof. Hope this helped.
Sure, in the set is a 0.5 point multiliner pen in black, and five neutral grays - N0, N2, N4, N6, N8. This was a very nice set which can cover a majority of shades even without the odd numbers and beyond; due to blending techniques, it's easy to make more shades than there are and even make darker colors when blended with colored copics as well. I would recommend this set for quick shadows or everyday use of gray, but if you're working with warm or cool colors to the extent that the grays become a big importance, (such as Tan fur on animals, or shaded earth tones) for warm colors or to another extent with cool colors, please lean your money towards those at some point. This set is a good set for the in-between areas and they work well for many situations.
Yes, you need proper paper for copics.
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, at this time we do not ship International orders through Amazon. I apologize for any inconvenience.
You buy refill ink online and either dab it on the "nib" or pull off the nib with tweezers to refill.
Hi Aya. Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize, at this time we do not process International shipments through Amazon.
Ok so think of these as kind of like a crayola color wonders but you don't need a special paper, like when you drawl woth them it takes a few seconds for the color to appear. However they are VERY permanent like a sharpie, just ask my toddler whos taken on and drawn on the gloss table. Haha. Yes they will work and blend for this project and be permanent.
Due to manufacturer distribution restrictions, Copic products cannot be shipped to addresses outside of North America. There is no way for us to ship outside of the US due to this. I apologize for any inconvenience.
Hi, I'm not sure who you were trying to purchase this set of markers from, but any dealer in North America is not allowed to ship Copic products outside of North America. If you do an online search for "Copic", you should be able to see a directory of sellers who are allowed to ship to Australia. Hope this helps and feel free to contact us, Illusions Illuminated, Inc. with any other questions you may have.
It might be that you put it on a little too thick. When we line the mugs we put one coat on and just to make sure we use a propane torch to get any excess out and let them drain. Then we sand them lightly and wipe them out with a rag dampened with paint thinner and when we are sure they are dry we coat a second time and use the torch again to make sure there are no bubbles etc. Hope this helps you.
No! This would leave a thick coat of plastic on your board which your knives would slice through. I doubt the makeup of this product would be food safe under any condition. There are food safe oils which you can apply to your board.
I assume you have a silicone or appropriate other mold that will release the resin when it cures after about 12 hours (it takes a full 72 hours to fully cure). You might have problems with the bubbles if you need an absolute clear pour from the resin. There are teeny, tiny bubbles that never seem to float to the top so you can pop them with a lighter. I've tried pouring in small amounts, running the lighter over the resin to pop the bubbles, etc. As much as I can get a "clear" pour, it's never without those ever so teeny bubbles. I've tried letting the resin sit for awhile, putting the cup of resin in warm water to help the bubbles rise and pop them, stirring the resin/hardener slowly so as not to create bubbles in the first place, etc. I've gotten some excellent results in keeping the bubbles down to almost a clear pour, but it's just never totally clear. Good luck.
I'm thinking that with corks being absorbent they will soak some up creating air bubbles...the amount depends on the size of the countertop...sounds like a nice idea but just be careful to work in a ventilated area
It does not get much warmer than setting plaster, it should be no problem in glass.
A batch is six ounces.......it really depends on the ambient temperature where you are working.....don't work in the direct sun. The hotter it is the faster the set up. I poured a table top so I mixed and poured very quickly, but you don't have more than a few minutes to work without it getting sticky on you. Also the thinner the layer the longer the set time, it sets up much faster when it is collected in a cup. Epoxy is not like varnish or paint, the thicker the layer the faster it goes off because of a chain reaction from the build up of the heat that it generates when it cures. If you want to increase the pot life or cure time then spread it out into a thin layer. Also, follow the instructions to the letter without deviation. There is a minimum working temp that it needs to be at or it will remain soft and only partially cured. This stuff is sensitive, takes practice to work with this stuff. But it is worth the effort, the bubbles will rise and break on their own and the surface is crystal clear.
Its opaque, we mixed glow in the dark powder and glitter into it and it turned out pretty cool
It should be just fine with that. I've cast bowls that were quite thick with it for turning. It will take a fairly long time to cure at that size and may not be entirely rigid like a piece of plywood at 40x40, but it should still work.
This is exactly what it was designed for.
I think that will work but it will just take a while to set up.
Yes. It comes with a computer program and you can easily enter text like you would in a microsoft word or works program
The largest hoop is 10x6 but the software can create an embroidery that is bigger than that by embroidering one area that size, then you move the hoop and do another area that size
The hoop only attaches one way.. However the design can be rotated to any direction you need it to be. It also can do "multi-hoop" for larger designs. My biggest suggestion with this machine and the "auto-punch" software besides purchasing them together;Read the Manual... I know that does not sound like fun, It will help tremendously....
Yes...in am quilting on it. Not a huge amount of space but works very well for me.
no, you have to buy these item separately ,or you can down load from inter net .thank you
if the stitches are "read"as designs yes, but if you mean as an addition the ones included IN the machine then no. I have only see really high-end machines do this. But I do "fake them, if I can read them as stand along designs, i.e. xxx, hus, vip, etc.
As this machine is completely computerized, it must be connected to a computer to use the Embroidery Function. I have also discovered the Computer must be connected to the machine to run the Auto-Punch program. However it can use a Stand Alone ( Non-Singer ) auto-punch program with saving the file in any of the embroidery file extensions.
The software that comes with the machine will get you started, but doesn't offer a lot. I bought the Auto Punch software and it lets you do a lot as far as design and such.
As long as it will fit in the hoop you can make a design bigger but only about 40 percent
Your machine should be adjusting tension automatically....I would check your needle versus type of fabric you're sewing/embroidering, check to see if you have a piece of thread broken apart in the head of the machine that could be catching on your sewing thread. You can manually adjust tension by running the thread back and forth at the top rear...then, Thread the machine. check your manual or on-line for the description. If you are embroidering, be sure you are using quality thread. I've used less "expensive" & paid for it in breakage in the middle of the piece. Try slowing down the stitching speed & make sure you are using the proper backing for your fabric. You could still have thread caught in the bobbin case which could be exerting too much pressure on the top thread. I would try a thorough cleaning, vacuum.....your machine out....never blow it like a computer. The sewing machine has oiled, moving parts & blowing the dirty, dust, lint pushes it into the machine and eventually causes a sludge..... Check to make sure you haven't knocked the timing out.....if the machine increases in frequency of breakage, look at your bobbin case...make sure the needle isn't hitting the plastic instead of the hole ...sliding off into the bobbin. Goodness, I hope this helpS!!! All else fails, call Singer support...they are easy to work with...I've called them in e past. THey will walk you through maintenance to get you up and running. I love my 400!!! Use it all the time....one of three sewing machines.....I have a 43 year old brother I can't part with as well.. Good luck MMh
I bought this item and only received the foot that snaps on. Hope this helps.
I have the old Janome which used to be called New Home. Mine is a snap on shank and it fit perfectly.
I don't know. I have a brother machine. It works well on my machine.
it should fit your singer if it takes normal snap on feet
not sure but it says when you click on it that it fits all low shank singers
I believe your machine is a high shank and these are for low shank machines, but there are snap on attachments to add to it so it will work. Here is the first one I came to: High Shank Snap-on Adapter 5011-2 by Generic 5 customer reviews Price: $3.59 & FREE SHIPPING Note: Not eligible for Amazon Prime. Only 9 left in stock. Ships from and sold by Mandy Store (HK SHIPPING!). High Shank Snap-On Adapter 5011-2 Adapter For high shank sewing machines will let you use most types of snap-on pressure feet Just copy and paste this into the amazon search bar. If your machine does happen to be a low shank, the quilting foot should snap on with no problem, but if not the attachment should solve the problem. Hope this is helpful to you and good luck with your projects.
Depends on what your shaft is like. Compare the shaft to your other feet, if they are short like this it will, if they are a snap in it won't. It it is a longer shaft it won't
Yes it does and makes sewing a breeze
I don't know if it will fit your model. If your machine has a standard shaft that accepts snap on feet (not the ones that screw in), I highly suspect that it will fit. My machine is a New Home that is over 20 yrs old and it works perfectly.
I really cannot give you an answer, I have a brother 9500prw and it fits. If you have a standard low shank you should not have a problem.
They will work for a brother sewing machine because they are universal sewing machine. They are good needles too.
One side is flat and the rest is round
It should. According to what I read on the package it is made for all brands of singers and other sewing machines. All I can say is give it a try.
My Embroidery machine uses the 90/14 needles from this package, each needle is coded to tell you what they are used for but YES I am using the blue coded 90/14 in my Singer Embroidery machine, I suggest you look up your machine needle codes before ordering
They do not seem any larger to me than the holes on the needles that came with my machine.
Made in Brazil.
Yes
Yes, my singer also threads from front to back.
It's one package with 10 needles.
They should work on all Kenmore sewing machines
Yes, from the Janome site: 5mm maximum zigzag width, 4mm maximum stitch length. Great little machine, I use it in my camper. The only thing it lacks is space between the needle and body of the machine for quilting larger quilts, so I do that on my home machine.
There should be 4 feet on the bottom.
Mine came with a plastic sewing machine case.
I believe that you can. It comes with a throat plate for zigzag sewing so should be able to handle twin needles.
Plastic
USA voltage. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mains_electricity_by_country
Just the standard stuff - cord, extra spool pin, buttonhole foot, etc. and of course an instruction booklet. It does not have a cover. I transport it in a Trader Joe's padded cooler bag (the rectangular blue one fits it perfectly.)
Hi Mikal, It's not really made for the heavy fabrics but if you call the store toll free 800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. He can get you in the best machine for your needs. Thanks, Scott
Yes it will work with the se400. Just be sure the design doesn't exceed the 4x4 capability of the machine. What I did is set up an embroidery file on my computer and I save the designs to that file. I connect the computer to the sewing machine and select the design I want to do and send it to the machine.
Yes it does
you can merge fonts from your computer to the program. On the upper left corner of the amazing designs page click on the A ,scroll done to merge designs. It will bring up whats on your file. you merge them from there. Hope this helps.
Yes, it can. You put the measurements that you are working with before you design.
Don't know! I have a brother machine.
No it doesn't. U will need embrilliance essentials
What pfaff do you have? It should work fine. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
I have the same machine and it works like a champ.
I have a Brother, and I think it's a PE-770. I just download the monograms onto a jump drive and then put the jump drive into my USB port on my machine.
Yes, although you DO need to always wear a respirator (dust mask in this case) regardless of having any booth. I just did a German Panzer IV J and used pastels for my weathering effects. I turned out beautiful, and the booth did a great job at cutting down on the dust in my hobby room to zero.
Standard size 4" dryer vent flex hose. Keep the length of the exhaust vent hose as short as possible. The longer the run the air flow is reduced somewhat due to the tube ribs resistance. What we have done is located the booth as close to the outside vent location and used the smooth dryer vent material. We didn't plan on moving this around so made it a perminate position.
I do not know what scale you are working on but I had no problem with the 1/350 scale Merit Hornet I am working on. As for hooking them together, I see no problem setting them side by side as the sides fold out when you set it up. Just leave the adjoining sides folded out of the way. I have not tried this but it seems possible. It is definitely a good paint booth
It was never an issue with my use as I won't ever exceed 5 lbs, but I certainly wouldn't think of exceeding 10 lbs.
Yes, it has a wall wart and operates on standard North American household current.
NO!!!! 110 ONLY!!!
Yes
According to what I read about it you can
Dimensions when Set-Up: 16.5" Wide x 19" Deep x 13.5" High Dimensions when Folded-Up: 16.5" Wide x 6" Deep x 8" High
Dont think so, mine is 120 v
the beads are less than half inch...as a regular colored pony beads...
I had a slight reaction to light indoors, but for best results, go outdoors. The sun makes it so much more fun, and fresh air is wonderful, too! ;)
They have specific colors that quickly react to the sun otherwise they are like an clear off white
NO! These nibs are NOT compatible with the Feel IT pen. These nibs are slightly larger then what the Feel IT accepts, and WILL NOT FIT.
Yes the nibs fit just fine.
Hi! I'm not really sure. You probably would want to contact Wacom with an email and ask them what kind of nib is needed for the Intros Pen first. If it's the same one on Amazon then I would go with that. That's all I can think of to help you. Sorry and good luc.
I am not 100 % positive the bamboo will work with Toshiba, I do believe it's compatible. To be on the safe side it would be best to contact Wacom or Toshiba with an email for peace of mind
yes is will work
yes is work just take the old one out and replace with the new one work good on my
So far I've just used them with the Bamboo Create.
ss far as I know the nibs should work fine although I have not used the nibs on Microsoft`s Surface Pro. I use my nibs with the Bamboo pad and not on the screen if that`s what you mean. Sorry I could not help you more than that.
we currently sell them as set, that we put together so people can try out the different types http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0050CTUIQ
I have the Bamboo Fun and they work with mine.
Yes, it is 4 ply.
I don't have a white cone left but all the rest of the cones I have say 14oz. Hope this helps
This says it is a 3 pack for $10.27. I paid that much for one. There seems to be either a mistake on the price, or it is not a 3 pack of cones. It also says it is only 7 ozs. which we all know a cone weighs 14 ounces. So I am not sure how many you get for this price.
It's possible, depending on pattern. I would suggest buying a small skein of the sugar and cream to try out. If it doesn't work, and you don't care for the feel or design, you can then make pot holders. It's soft, easy to work with.
I never thought of that. I just love the product and the price is great!
706 yards
Yes, black is indeed one of the colors. The others are: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple and brown. A good set.
I don't know what they mean. Could it be that the ink is fade-proof? Not sure. Haven't used it long enough to comment on that either.
Yes, the item number is: FC800076.
It is not a permanent marker but could write on any surface. You may have to put a seal coat (krylon crystal clear or even hair spray) over it to protect it from washing off.
Truth is, I've never used them in my Bible. My pens are at home and I'm out of state..,with my Bible, otherwise I would try them on it. The small nib is so fine and would be great for writing in margins. I wouldn't underline with it though. I'm guessing the ink would probably bleed through thin pages. I use the pens for cards and envelopes with never any bleeding ~ they're a "10". I love these pens, especially the fine nib end, and I love to write in my B
They come to you dry. You can make about 6gals with this amount. I have used mines many times over as they shrink back to size once the water dries out.
As long as they are hydrated. I still have one of the vases with the beads nice and round, like large peas, a whole month later! The top is covered with flower foam though.
I did , I out food coloring in the water before I out them in so I turned mine from Clear to red
Yes, it will. However the hydrated beads will be a few shades lighter than the water.
These beads Don't float. They are gel like marbles . There is some other gel for these to float in I looked into it and what you want is "wholesale transparent water gels" on amazon
No but mixing it with soil will reduce the need for watering. I have never tried using solely the beads other than for cut flowers.
When surrounded by water, the beads are not noticeable. They "disappear" in the water. There is no reason why you couldn't put flowers or a floating candle or anything else in the water. If you have too many water beads, they will be slightly visible at the top. They feel like jello in that if you squeeze them they "mush" the way jello would, yet they feel fairly firm to the touch. Careful, for a vase, you probably only need a quarter of a teaspoon of the crystals :-)
I don't think they would work well, as these, when fully hydrated are each about the size of a marble
Yes they do and can make for an interesting centerpiece. I drop in a battery operated light to make it sparkle. The water beads by themselves get a lot of comments
they most certainly do and they are useful for a variety of purposes.
Hi Rachel! There are 2 rolls in the box side-by-side - 1 is female Velcro the other is male. Each are 15 feet long and each are 3/4 inches wide. I hope this helps. Maybe that bullet was a typo.
Both are, the backing is self adhesive.
I wouldn't think it would hold up to that. I have it on laminated plastic for my daily classroom use and it's fine but may only hold up this school year. I can't imagine it would stick to wood well. HTH
No it hasn't for me. I have used it on varnished surfaces and painted walls and doors. It stays up in my classroom all year but I don't move it around or reuse the same strips. I have moved them when first placing them to correct position. But after that I leave it till the end of the year.
That's what I bought it for, but it didn't hold. You can't sew it on because of the sticky part. Machine gets stuck, so I had to buy this one without the glue on the back and sew it on the valance, but used sticky one for the metal part it attached to.
Any type of Velcro material with adhesive will not stand up to any kind of stress for long. If the fabric glue you plan to use is reliable, you would still need to use some kind of agent to remove the glue from the Velcro before applying it. The strength of the bond between fabric glue applied to the glue on the Velcro strip would only be as strong as that of the Velcro glue to the Velcro, which is not durable. Sorry. You are better off getting non-adhesive Velcro. Using an awl stitcher to sew on Velcro to fabric will provide the durability you seek.
fifteen feet
Yes, it is Debra.
The package we ordered was for 10 assorted, and we were very happy with them.
I have no idea how they are harvested or if there's any left in the ocean, but I assume they are fresh out of the ocean without being washed. They smell horribly bad. The salt scent is too strong and smells rotten.
We have had ours about 6 months. Not sure if they will go bad but they are ok now.
The package contains 10 assorted, and range in size from about 6 inches to about 10 inches. Several species and they look great on/in the netting on the walls around our pool.
3-4 inches.they are larger than I expected them to be. I was very very pleased with the set, they make a great visual attraction if you are doing anything with a beach theme
I certainly hope the animals were not killed for the shell. I will investigate and post on Amazon.
6, exactly what is pictured!
I believe that there are 6-7 large (4" - 7") shells.
This one is super-easy! It was my first serger and I have had no problems with it. Easy to convert to rolled hem. Easy to thread or re-thread - color-coded and a graph. I definitely recommend this one!
Hi Yes it does
Yes
Hi Karen, That's how Amazon list it. This serger is made by Janome. If you have any further questions feel free to call toll free at 800-442-8227 and you can ask for our sewing specialists either Fred or Paul. Thanks, Scott
Hi Jefferis, All the sergers have a 3 prong cord going in the machine. The plug that goes in the outlet are 2 prong. If you have any further questions feel free to call toll free at 800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. Thanks, Scott
Mine says Taiwan on the back plate
There are four color-coded "thread paths" marked on the machine. Each is fed by one of the four spools that ride on the extendable tower. The only tricky part is threading the two that go through the bottom side needles as you have to go under and behind some of the mechanism. If you don't have your instruction manual, use this link to download it free. http://content.janome.com/userfiles/file/inst%20book%20634D.pdf
You can do a version of flatlock on almost any serger ( see video tutorial on you tube). However, it will not have the same appearance a using a flatlock, or overlock machine. I have one of those.
Hi Just 60hz. If you have any further questions feel free to call us toll free at 1-800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. Thanks, Scott
I reviewed the instruction book again. I did not see any reference to a cover stitch.
Yes, it will do both standard and rolled hems. The instructions are available within the manual.
Yes. You thread the bobbin at the top of the machine (same as most other Singer machines).
Yes, this would hem pants just fine. Remember you would not be able to go through a huge number of layers of denim so if you have very heavy denim and thick seams, there could be an issue. But not for dress pants or normal jeans. If you change needles to suit the fabric, you will have better results. For example, there are denim needles (heavier gauge to punch through the thick fabric) and ball-point needles to sew effectively through knits. If you can run a test of your hemming stitch through similar fabric first, you will get a good result by adjusting tension to get a decent stitch. If the pants are very good ones, use a fresh needle and very good quality thread. (I like Guterman or Mettler.)
Yes, this machine does have a reverse stitch and it works well.
metal
i agree, it needs supervision if she has never sewn with a machine before.....but this is a very good machine to begin. Our adult daughter has this and she has taught herself to do some very involved sewing with this but took almost no time at all to familiarize herself with this machine and had only about 3 other experiences with a sewing machine before that. I think she would do well....with some instruction.
This machine is approximately 12" height, 15" width, 7" depth (12x15x7"). For a first-sewing-machine user this is a good starter. It stores easily an stitches well.
As described in other answers, your basic attachments, screwdriver, quilt guide, 3 bobbins, and note that the cover is a cloth cover. Unless you plan to leave your machine out, you might want to purchase a hard case for the machine. I did that, and it was only $20, and there is plenty of room for a few other small items, since this machine is not big. Incidentally, I love this little machine.
Yes, very well. I am not an experienced sewer and I have learned so much just from just the book I received with the machine. I am a sewing nut now. I have hemmed at least 4 pairs of jeans and a pair of jean shorts already! The cuffs look awesome!! Everyone has complimented me on how well I have learned to sew in such a short time. I am actually Georges assistant Liz that ordered this.
No
It's pretty light, like a gallon of milk. But when seeing it dosnt seem to move on you.
I wouldn't use this for a large couch. The cost would be prohibitive because it would take a enormous amount of paint to make it even toned. Believe it or not, you can actually paint fabric with a primer and latex. It is a long process, but looks beautiful when completed. I painted a futon cushion and it came out looking like a mild leather finish and soft to the touch. Hope this helps you and answers your question. Good luck.
well it took me 8 cans to do a rocking chair, with ottoman.
I used 10 cans to paint two large chairs.
Absolutely
It is just like actual spray paint but seems a little thicket. It mists and sprays not a stream.
The ears do not have pierced lobes, but clip-ons or glue may work.
Hi, Please see below link to see there is any wig meet your requirement.
completely smooth ...and she is gorgeous
Normally, we will ship out an order within 2 business days, unless it's out of stock or due to wrong shipping address, weather reasons...etc. Thank you, John
Yes, you can wear high heels on her feet. I think the foot length is 9 inch long. Thank you!
Hi Tom, It's about 80" long. thank you!
It's continuous - one piece. But the label says 11/12 oz (and that's what it feels like), not 14 oz.
I believe it is pre washed..I washed it before using it anyway..as per bleeding I hadnt noticed any but I imagine it will a little..it doesnt seem quite thick enough to do upholstery
The 1.3 pounds may be for each yard. The approximately 18.5 pounds is correct
Natural light like from a window. I'm really happy with mine. I use it to do my embroidery.
You don't have to look thru magnifier to use light. You can also just look thru magnifier with light off. The light is directional. Point it where you want light. Light has an on/off switch.
I have my lamp sitting beside my sewing table. With the arm slightly bent over my working area, it is 4' high. When I straighten the lamp in a vertical position, it stands about 5' high.
The specs on the adapter are as follows: Model SUV-005-050-080-A2 Input: 100-240V~50/60 Hz 150mA Output: 5.0V 800mA if you locate a power adapter with those specs it should work.
There is a cord that plugs into the lamp at the base of the neck.
Well, it's definitely 110, but a converter should work. Check out the info on the converter container, it should tell you. It's a great lamp.
It's approximately 9" in length by 8" in width at the widest part.
The information given says that the bulbs/LED's never need replacing.
See this question dated in January 18, 2014. There are at least five answers with the general thought being that they will not need to be replaced and probably cannot be replaced.
They are 1100 yds on each spool. I have another machine and I have to put the metallic thread on the top peg instead of the back one (it would tangle on the back one) and I just had to mess with the tension but it didn't take long to get it right. I really like the looks of the finished designs with this thread and I would buy again. Hope this helped a little.
I use my regular needles but I have to lighten up on the tension so its not so tight and breaks the thread. Hope this helps.
I love the results of the metallic thread but found it difficult to embroider with because it tangles so easily didn't matter whether I use the spindle on the sewing machine or whether I use my separate thread feeder it still twisted so my suggestion would be whatever you dofor feeding, loosen your tension and make sure to keep your design small and simple
Yes I believe so. Make sure you use an embroidery needle and you'll probably needba net over the thread to control it.
I used on a brother 6 needle pr500 and a bernina embroidery machine and had absolutely no problems with the machine or thread.
I use this thread with no problem on my Brother PR650. They are wrapped, but I'm not exactly sure what the core is.
Only 6, but they are beautiful.
There are 6 cards and 6 envelopes. They're very pretty. One word of advice though, when writing your note, you might want to end it about 1" up from the bottom of the card. Otherwise, what you wrote will show through the delicate cutouts and for me, this took away from the effect.
Only 6.
Hi, only 6 invitations .. with six envelopes..
nice-they were perfect
about 5X7
Only six..
There are six pieces of each 'component' in every package/kit. That's to say: six cards, six 'jackets', six envelopes, and six stickers/sealers.
It's 1.75" wide and 3" long.
It's 10 inches long. They're knotted together so I just cut it and tie it around my ribbon or bag handle!
Yes to both. Although some permenant markers may bleed a bit.
they are 3inches by 2 inches........
They're not very thick. Like a heavy paper stock. I've seen tags like this made out of wood that would be a better choice for permanent tags.
Paper
they appear to be about .40 each tag -
There are 12 tags total.
I got several, around 50 I think, but that was from a different seller.
Includes 12 tags with string attached.
I think the biggest one was maybe 3 or 4 inches from side to side? And the smallest was like an inch from side to side. I don't have them anymore so can't measure to be sure but that's pretty close.
I purchased them for a baby shower and can safely tell you that they are the doilies. They are made of a thick paper. I used them as they were, but you can also peel the backs off and stick them to things.
I want to say mine had 10-12 doilies in it. Not positive!
Smaller than I expected- only slightly larger than a business card. Maybe 2in x 3in but I think a little smaller.
Yes, perfect, they are too small for anything else!
12 Total.
12 cards and envelopes
No...there extreamlly small. you can nearly write anything.
They are either 1/2 inch wide or 1inch wide and very beautiful.
There were 3 yards of each of the 5 different lace ribbons on the card.
They are white. Some are elasticized, others are not so there is variation in color but they are all white.
No, just lace. It is not sticky on either side. Hope this helps!
Some of it is, but I don't remember how many spools of the five were elastic. It's soft, so it should not feel abrasive against your baby's skin.
I used all of the lace last March with my daughter's wedding, so I'm answering from memory; I don't have the lace in front of me. It was made from a soft fabric and was pleasant to touch. It was not stiff and paper-like as some craft laces can be. Some, maybe all, had fine elastic thread in them making it very easy to use as we tied it around bouquets. The card included at least five different lace ribbons, and I was very pleased with my purchase.
the largest one is about 3 in long by 2 in wide.
No, not really. They are adhesive. You would have to get very creative to tie it on with thin roping.
10 labels
There are 10 pieces in the package.
This are great for scrapbooking but do not know if they would be strong enough to stay on clothing. They just might not stick!
Not sure how many macarons maybe 15-20? Only has the wording To & From
Yes. I think at least it can hold 4 cupcakes.
Hello Bonnie, You receive six boxes, six ribbons, six labels, and size liners. This is a great set! I got lots of compliments when I gave them as gifts, full of homemade goodies. Kaila
Product Description: 8.75" L x 5.8" H x 2.65" D
6
6 boxes!
No it won't work on fabric
Hi Jonathan. When you come to the end of the paper and you are left with 1/2 and arch, turn the new edge around to face you and punch between the full arch and 1/2 arch of the first edge. This means that you will lose the 1/2 arch of the first edge and your paper size or card will be a wee bit smaller than when you started. Hope this helps :) Rosi
the punch area is 2" wide by 3/8" deep. you can make it wider by punching the center of the edge of your card and realigning and punching again on each side of the center cut...as many times as you like
unfortunately, at this time we do not ship internationally, We apologize for any inconvenience that this may be
Yes
There were 6 when I ordered them back in August. Hope this helps!
All 3 would work in my opinion.
The pinwheel is paper, the handle and center spindle is a heavy plastic.
Enough to make 6 pinwheels in assorted patterns.
Here is a link: http://www.marthastewart.com/270609/pinwheels
They are big, probably 6-7" in diameter assembled
4 pinwheels total! Very cute and very sturdy!
There were 6 boxes and they came with ribbon and sticker shown in the picture.
there are half a dozen (6 boxes, 6 ribbons and 6 tags).
Probably not. They are made for a cupcake or several pieces of candy, something like that.
I think most necklaces will fit in here. Just to give you a reference it fits something in the size of a cupcake.
No
The dimensions are 3"x3"x2
it looks like from the description below it comes with six.
To the best of my memory there are six. They are kind of small, can't fit more than 2 1" cookies in them. Was disappointed with product. I've had them for over a year and still haven't used them.
They give you any of them. I would not order again. Took long time to get and too small and don't know what pattern you are getting. The one I got is not even pictured.
No it is not big. It is a small basket, but can take two layers of regular sized thread spools. Because I am a professional dressmaker, this was too small for all of my threads.
Scissors,needles,assorted all purpose thread,thimble etc
As it is mentioned in product description - LR927.
Yes it it comes with batteries, ,and yes to looking at flowers, leaves and basically a great product.
Not a chance. magnification is not strong enough
No, this particular eye piece is not quite sharp enough for this highly demanding assignment. Eddy.
Yes, in fact it comes in a very nice little jewel case designed to hold it and keep it safe.
The color of the cover that the loupe slides out of is silver, while the piece itself is white. It looks really nice.
This item is both metal on the outside and plastic holds the magnifying glass on the inside.
probably.................
I think you can order an insert, but I did the following: I changed the depth of the floor where the sewing machine sits to match the level of the sewing machine bed. Then I pulled the machine to the left end of the hole, so that I have a reasonably flat sewing surface. I also have a place to store things at the right hand end. This accomplished my goal of a flat-bed surface with minimal cost. While an insert might be really nice, I can get along with my adjustments. Hope this helps.
The top is 40" side to side x 20" front to back.
The hole is 12 3/4 X 24" on the inside lip. There is a little ledge of about 1/4 in on the inside. I have a Janome 7700 quilting machine with a 10" throat it fits in there and then some. I have the shelf at about 3 1/2" and have a clear acrylic "table that fits onto my machine and sits on the top of the cabinet top. I don't know anything about your machine, but I hope the measurements help you out. I love mine, the only thing is I wish it has a couple of little drawers. I folded mine up and took it to a quilting retreat, rolls right along, easy to handle, just heavy. Hope this helps.
I have a Bernina 750 and the table works great with it. I have the extension shelf for my machine and it fits on the table as well. If your Bernina includes the embroidery attachment, I'm not sure if the table extends far enough to support it too. There are measurements shown for the table; measure your machine to make sure all the dimensions work. The description of the table says it holds up to 45 pounds. My machine weighs about 40 pounds and it feels totally secure in the table. There is no vibration as I sew.
It has a both a recess and a "lip" in the recess for the acrylic insert to rest upon (sold separately) so that when it is inserted, it is flush against the table.
Hi Jean, The table weighs 38 pounds according to the table specifications. This is a very stable sewing table and I am very pleased with it. My sewing machine is a 30 year old Singer Futura II Model 938 which has a 2 way surface sewing platform--flat sewing and free arm sewing. The machine isn't configured like the new ones are today so I didn't order the Plexiglas insert. I had a neighbor who does a lot of woodworking make an insert from 1/4" plywood for the table. That worked well. The table is now in my new craft room and I have been so busy scrapbooking that I just haven't taken time to do any extensive sewing but I did test the table when I first got it to see how much it vibrated. The glass of water that I set on the table while I ran the machine at high speed didn't shake hardly at all. If you are planning to purchase this table I would recommend it very highly.
There should be plenty of space for your machine to fit in there. The opening is about 12 1/2" by 23 +" and you can adjust the depth.
Measure the length and width of your machine to see if it fits in the space. You can then order the insert to fit around your machine.
No. You need to measure the dimensions of the machine and make sure it doesn't exceed the cut out dimensions. The machine can be smaller, but not bigger.
I am thinking that your machine is not one with the longer arm, making more space for machine quilting? If that is the case, your machine would be fine. If your machine has a bigger space for quilting, I am not so sure. I have a Bernina 750, which has the longer arm making more space to the right of the needle and I don't think it would work well for that machine. will you be ordering the machine surround, it fills in the space all around your machine as it sits on the lower platform in the table. Thereby having your machine arm inside and surrounded by the table, you have to order it from the makers of the table.
I love this machine. I have done some light quilting so I think it should sew denim but can't swear to it. I purchased for quilt classes due to its light weight. Hope that helps a bit.
Hi Carole, You can call the store toll free at 1-800-442-8227 and talk to the sewing dept. and maybe someone here can help you.
I saw them available on Amazon. Do a search for Janome presser feet on Amazon.
Yep, I use it on my Intuos5 now. :)
Yes, it works with CTL480 Intuos Creative Pen Tablet (Small). It also compatible with CTH480 Intuos Creative Pen & Touch Tablet (Small), CTH680 Intuos Creative Pen & Touch Tablet (Medium), CTH480S2 Intuos Manga Pen & Touch Tablet (Small).
Yes they will. I have one in mine right now. They don't last the longest, but it's better than that plastic scraping feeling from the default nibs.
Yes they can be used together.
I have only used them on an Intuos 4 Medium, so I'm not sure.
Those nibs work in any tablet stylus compatible with any Wacom bamboo or intuos tablet model. So yes, They work with the cth 670.
I believe that it should fit any Wacom
Nibs should be compatible to all wacom pens
These will work with a pen which accepts interchangeable tips for the Surface Pro 2. The pen which comes with the Surface Pro 2 does not accept new tips.
I am not sure, but here's a link that might help: wtc.wacom.com/faqs/views.php?id=313 Hope this helps.
You can, but it will be harder. It can come out perfect but its a gamble. Tubes are more guaranteed.
That depends upon the shape of your bead and finding. I waste far fewer crimp beads with this tool though. It is like having a third hand. It would be nice if they'd make one that was smaller. I do like this tool and would purchase it again.
Are you using too big of crimps for the size of line? Two lines should barely fit thru the crimp. Also you should not use crimps on threads, like Fireline, or threadlike line. They do not hold at all. These are mostly used with seed beads, not stringing. They knot them instead. I hope this helps. Myself, I personally prefer the manual crimper. I do not care for the crimper I bought as it is hard to squeeze, and catches. May just be I got a defective one.
It holds the crimp bead.
In my experience it will not work....this item is not user friendly at all. You almost have to line it up just right and perfect each time for it to work. Don't get me wrong it WILL work...it just takes too much time to make it work correctly. I have all but abandoned the use of it. Also keep in mind that the crimps must be tube crimps and not small round crimps. The longer the tube the more effective the device is.
Yes it will.
Hi. The fabric is about 1/8 of an inch. It is pretty flexible to work with. We welcome your order.
I just used this for a gift package to display a silver brush, comb, and mirror set I bought for my mom. I really couldn't say if you it work as a sofa cover; however, it was pretty thin, so probably not.
It is a very light true velvet. I made a ball length gown from it for a costume and it worked very well.
It is most definitely a synthetic velvet. I wasn't paying enough attention when I ordered it and was unable to use it for my intended purpose (I was looking for silk velvets and this one got mixed in with my options). I don't know what it's made of, but it is NOT a natural fiber. It's still very pretty, though.
Polyester. One piece came.
Yes
usually in one continuous piece
No stretch at all.
Hi. Yes it is per yard. Thanks
Sorry, velvet is very touchy, there are kits that allow you to dry clean...myself I have a drycleaner to do it. My quilts have buttons ribbon and such on them I won't mach wash them either. There are shorter cropped vest suedes that are polyester and can be washed. Hope this helps you.
Fabric will be cut in one continuous length. Thank you.
HI ToyMaker's Daughter, It is a real velvet , but it is a blend it looked great on stage. It has a stretch to it and not the easiest fabric to work with if your not use to stretch fabric. I also found the color was a bit off from picture, but that might have been due to my monitor.
It's fairly thick...I use it as a drape over the table for communion. It would probably work for an offering bag. But I suppose that depends on how durable you need it to be. It's certainly not a flimsy fabric.
No I wouldn't recommend this fabric for embroidery.
I am sorry for some confusion, I think it is not mine, because my fabric is $15 per yard and shipment charges $12 for a order..
Ok, pls. use this link to order http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006WVEYH6 and you can see on the right side of the page other seller on Amazon TI fabrics add to cart and i will send you purple velvet fabric 30yards. i think you try other seller that's why it appear $120 shipment charges. also you can order in any color fabric but i will send you purple velvet no problem.
In response to your question, the answer is no it is not heavy enough. I used on a small chair and it was not thick enough for daily use. It is however a beautiful color.
Hi, thanks for your inquiry, I think it is $12 not $120. when you proceed order it will appear $12, but if still get problem with shipment charges so pls. email me i will correct it. Thanks
This color is exactly as is shown in the picture. I can say that it is prettier; I love it! Actually I want to know whats additional colors do you have? I bought it in red too and it is beautiful!, Sara Gonzalez
I ordered a lot and yes it came in one piece..
Yes- this fabric would be suitable. It is a very christmas red colour .Hope this helps and Happy New Year!
based on the average stocking measurements and 45" fabric width folded at center... 3-4 stockings per yard. 4.5 yards should do it. But before you buy your fabric, measure your stocking pattern and go from there. remember velvet has a nap so everything should be cut the exact same direction. Also if you are making these yourself, velvet will crawl while sewing so it is very helpful to baste the two pieces together before stitching on the machine.
I dont think it will wear well.It tears under a little pressure.I don't know if it is washable, I used it for crafting
Yes I have that amount available. Thank You
i am not sure, i looked at some left over i had, i used it to line the drawers of a korean chest i bought, it is not cotton, definitely synthetic, no label on the sample i have, also it seemed more burgandy in the picture, but in the light it is clearly more red, if you are not lining a drawer, like if you are thinking about making drapes you may want to get a sample first, good luck
I ordered 3 yards and it is all in one long piece. Hope that helps.
Hi. Because of weather delays. Once you order it will take 9 business days
It is a true bright red color.
Very very well perfect in fact color wise.material wise it is not heavy
These boxes have 1/2 inch thick walls so the interior dimensions are 1 inch smaller than the outside dimensions; the 8x8 has an interior measurement of 7x7. The inside depth is 1-7/8 in.
colors shown. nice box. however the size given is for the outside of the box not the inside detentions. that might make a difference to you
Dear Jeanne, Thank you for your Amazon inquiry of Blick Art Materials. To answer your question, no your mask will not fit in this shadow box diagonally. If you have any other questions, please let us know. Thank you, Karen S/Blick Art Materials
Open box
Only five :-(
I think there were 5 in the package which was more than the ones I could find in the store. The craft store sold them in packs of 4 and since I needed 60 the price was better on Amazon.
5
maybe about 14 inches wide. and yes, they are light enough to stick on the wall, but there is no place specifically on the back to hang it on the wall or anything. The letters are hollow.
We do not ship to London, Sorry for the inconvenience.
These letters are 1-1/2" thick, no hook or hole, not sturdy enough to put hook on it.
there are 18 in a pack.
1/8"
I think that it's poplar.
Hi Amber, There's 19 pieces -- which is a weird number, I know! Also, you can't tell from the picture, but the hole is drilled all the way through it. I only mention this in case you weren't wanting to string the beads, but use them for some other kind of craftwork -- you may not want 2 holes in it, you know? Hope this helps. :)
I use mattlack with it mixed in put which is basically the same put twice as much as the paint also add distilled water
We have had customer that have used Luminaire for touch ups. Much of the success depends upon the quality of the vinyl used to make the doll.
I have not had the problem of peeling, but I do use a glossy sealer on the lips and nails after painting. This gives a little shine and looks moist.
We recommend routine sealing of vinyl before painting with any brand or type of paint. We have sealer available on our website.
Hi once you apply paint you need to blot it until its dry with a brush. Then apply another coat, then another then add detail veins, blushing, etc. The more you add the more detailed it will look. Make sure you have a few blush brushes and keep alternating them so it doesn't totally stop up your one brush. Hope this helps.
You wait 20 minutes between each coat you apply.
I would give it about 3 hourd
I bought these for my wife since she was having migraines and the fumes from the paint thinners she had been using became a real issue. acrylic paints eliminate the need for those awful types of thinners. Water to thin, and I think there is a sealer available in this same product line too. We made sure the paint is good and dry before applying any sealer, at least 24 hrs I think. hope this helps, JR.
Hi I have just started using these paints and I let them dry for 30 min between layers I have never used medium with my top coat.Then I leave for 3 days to dry because I was having problems with the paint coming off when I handled the head to root the hair. I wasn't sure if it was because my coat's weren't thin enough or that It wasn't drying all the way so the 3 days helped a lot. I haven't had that problem again if you have more questions I will help if I can.
Hello, We include a tutorial/instruction sheet with all of our paint sets.
If you don't have the slide, measure the zipper as close to being locked as you can get. The numbers represent millimeters, 5 is 5 millimeters, 3, 3 millimeters, 10, 10 millimeters. You can measure it with any ruler or measuring device the is in mm.
Yes this matches YKK. I I purchased this zipper for a "Oakley cold weather jacket" and it worked perfectly and is still intact. Its fairly easy to put on you may need a flathead screwdriver to open it up to allow it to fit on the zipper and a pair of needle nose pliers to close it back up once its on. Hope this helps.
I just replaced zipper sliders on a jacket that had "Vislon YKK 5v" stamped on the back and these were an exact match. Call ZipperStop in New York City to make sure you are getting the correct replacement for your situation. I initially ordered the wrong ones before I was advised by a representative that I needed these sliders.
You would just receive 3 Universal sliders #5 for vislon. No stops, but if you need some stops, just message me after you order and we will be happy to help. ZipperStop Wholesale Authorized Distributor YKK
Yes I used it as a replacement on a Columbia jacket plastic zipper
ZipperStop Wholesale Authorized Distributor YKK This slider should work
Yes. As long as the teeth are all there and are still attached to the material, it should not be a problem. Just remove the stop at the top of the side that the slider was or is on. Remove old slider, replace with new. Replace stop at top with pliers. Top stops can be removed and used again. Then zip up. Just make sure you get the right slider. Size means everything.
Hi I've had good luck with two different hoodies using these zippers, and thats after trying a bunch of different sizes! So I think it should work, if not you can always return it...
You get the whole unit, not just the pull. There are other offerings for the pull only; however, my recommendation is to get this unit and replace the damaged slider. It worked for me.
Unfortunately, no. I had to purchase a separate item to get the zipper stops I needed.
If you are air brushing the cake, it should be fine. Your limitation is the size of cake unless you purchase two. The air flow through the booth will take just about any over spray out of the air. Hope this helps!
No, this unit does not come with an exhaust hose. You can use hoses from your local hardware store.
I use the paasche regularly. It folds up completely into a relatively small box and nothing hanging out or extra to carry. It folds out easily and the powercord is hidden in the unit and unrolls out. You really have to paint straight toward the filter or the fan won't do a great job of sucking the fumes in. It turns out that I have had almost no need for the portability and wish I bought a larger, non-portable booth instead.
5" X 4" WILL HOLD 25 BOBBINS. FITS GREAT IN MY SEWING KIT.
Hi! I have several different Brother Machines, with bobbins of different sizes. This case holds all of them just fine. I actually have 4 cases as I like to keeps all bobbins of the same size in the same case. I use one case for filled bobbin thread for my embroidery machines. :)
About 1 week.
if you purchase from global brands suupplies it will ussaly take 2-5 buisnness days to arrive,
the box measures 4.5" x 3.5" and will hold 25 bobbins.
I use it for stickers all over my car for company advertising. I can get a year out of the waterproof vinyl. I've played with different coatings but jury is still out on what works best even necessary at all. Let dry for 15 minutes and BE SURE you do the warm-water rince, makes a big difference. We are playing with glow-in-the-dark sprays also; but ONLY use Rust-oleum sprays, we used Krylon and the crappy top on the can dripped liquid all over the vinyl, Rust-oleum has great spray nozzles. Also, the best spray we think is the one called Automative Gloss Lacquer - it's for sealing auto-paint and seems to work great on this.
No
Yes, but you should use a lamination sheet over top of the design. Pappillo also sells the lamination sheets, either that or get a spray on lamination. Also sold by Pappilio. The lamination gives you some extra UV protection, and waterproofing. Otherwise the print will fade in the sun after a couple of weeks.
No
I have pulled this off after a day or two and it didn't leave anything...but it did when I pulled it off a couple months later. It is supposed to be permanent and I was after a couple of months as I had to work it get it all off and thankfully I was covering it up again so for me it didn't really matter. I had it on a vinyl binder. Hope that helps.
I think it would eventually wear off
I dont know for sure for that particular printer, what I did find when using my printer, which is a Canon Pixma, is that I had to "help" the paper through the initial feed by pushing gently. Once it was "grabbed" by the paper feeder, then everything worked fine. This media is quite a bit thicker than ordinary printer paper.
I made a bumper sticker using the white waterproof vinyl and it has survived the car wash a few times per week for a few months. I'd say do a tester and definitely wash cold!
Yes I use a Canon MP990
Probably not. It is not flexible enough and the adhesive is probably not strong enough to adhere for very long.
You need the Cinch Binding Wires, a wire cutter, cardstock, embellishments and chipboard for covers.
Yes the quality is excellent.
It's a 2:1 ratio punch, 1/4 inch between holes and ~1/2 inch from center to center of the holes punched.
No, it doesn't.
The Cinch does 2:1 wire binding and spiral binding. The only thing about spiral binding is you have to manually corkscrew the binding on. The 2:1 wire binding is awesome and I have no problems with my projects laying flat or with the pages opening. If you are looking for a commercial machine bindingdepot.com, this website is where I get my wire for the Cinch.
First version only punches square holes, second does round.
Sometimes I finish off with colorful duct tape. Most the time I just clean up the edges with my cutting board or a rotary cutter.
You can get them from Amazon, but I get them from my local scrapbook store.
Yes I have used the Zutter combs - but was not totally happy with the way they closed. There is no option to change between hole shapes. Personally I prefer the Zutter - this one just happens to be able to handle more capacity. I have never had an issue with closing the Zutter combs on the Zutter machine, I have had several re-do's using the Memory Keepers machine.
I have seen the plastic spiral spines used in a project I've seen on a blog, so I believe you can. I haven't used them because I don't have a local source to buy the spiral spines at.
I tried putting them on baby onesies and they mostly all came off in the wash
I have not used them on fleece. I have a feeling with the experience I had that they would not. I think they would need to be stitched on to make sure they don't come off.
As far as I can tell, the answer would be no. It makes a permanent bond. You would have to cut them out.
Janis, this is like double-sided tape but much much stickier. You cannot write on it.
Worked great on cotton fabrics, but not sure that it would adhere very well to swimwear.
I had a bad experience with theses. I used them to make stickers which were used on baby onsies. The onsies were put in the wash and they mostly all came off. I don't know if it was a bad batch since i have heard success stories from other people.
I use these for lip balm. They are a screw top lid but they are not very durable. After a couple of trips in my pocket, the lid had cracked.
One of the containers barely holds two teaspoons of sugar.
Each jar is 3/4 inch (20 mm) in diameter and 1 inch (25 mm) high INSIDE.
The containers are about 1inch high and about 1 inch wide might be to small.
6 1/4 long by 5 1/4 - box containers 1 1/8 high by 1 inch in diameter
Each small container is just over 1" tall, and just under 1" wide
No, a tablespoon is 28.3 grams, and each of the little mini containers only holds around 10 grams.
Yes they are
There is no scoring or perf blade option that I know of but that would be nice. It isn't actually a "turning wheel" type of blade as with many other cutters. I have four different cutters, the rest of them are Fiskar cutters that have perf and scoring blades. I like the lighted surface of the MS Craft Station and I use it only for situations where I need to see through what I am cutting. Hope that is helpful.
It is a little complicated to use if it's for trimming paper, a Fiskar paper trimmer would be my recommendation for an 8 year old. If using simply as a light table, though, it should be fine. :-)
it would depend on the thickness of the paper. I'd say 2 maybe 3 pages if it's printer weight, or just one for heavy card stock :) But, I prefer to use my paper cutter that is not part of this light box... I only got this for it's light box feature.
Hi Mike. While this sounds like a great idea, I just tried to use it to cut a piece of scrap material. The guide bar doesn't really lift enough to slide material under it unless it's very thin material. If you slide it all the way out of the way and maybe secure the material in place with masking tape, then with the light on you could probably trace and see well enough to trace the outline of a stencil... but probably only if the material is a thin and light colored material. I guess the short answer is it would work, but limited. Great idea though. I shopped around a bit before I bought mine and I don't remember seeing anything else like it in this price range. Good luck!
When I looked at the voltage listed on my power adapter it said "Input - 100-240VAC, 0.5A Max 50/60 Hz..... Output - 12V" Hope this helps
Yes it does what the other does as well as make piping. I feel this one is better because it has adjustable speed for putting the tape thru. Allows more control for different thicknesses
1" Single Fold Bias Tip
Nope. You have to fold tape in half and iron yourself for double fold. I get great results using the little clove bias tape makes that sell for under $10. I hated this machine. Every time it comes to a seam it gets stuck, you have to pull it through. Not sure what would happen if you're not watching.
Yes
I just ordered the Deluxe model of the Simplicity Bias Tape marker and am awaiting it's arrival. Hopefully it will work as good as the reviews on it state it does. I've always hated making bias and so have not really sewn anything that requires it too often, hopefully the machine will make the task easier and I'll be able to sew some things I have shied away from. Have you found an answer to your question yet? I'll come back after the machine arrives and post my experience with it if it helps you.
No they will not the answer above is right if you are asking about the tips you use with your flat iron, but the tips that fit the Simplicity Bias tape machine are narrower than the slots on the Simplicity Deluxe Bias and Piping machine. I bought the Bias tape machine before I knew they made a "Deluxe Machine" that did both Bias Tape and Piping-so when I saw the Deluxe I ordered 2 tips that fit it thinking that they should be interchangeable but they weren't. The Deluxe tips are about 1/4" wider-I even cut slots in the Bias machine to "make" the tips fit but it threw everything at an angle to the iron and pulling wheel and caused the tape to twist. The extra width is to allow the piping cord to feed as well as the tape and only the tape and double sided fusible strip run over the iron in the unit-the wrapped cord runs beside the iron guided by a tunnel in the tip. I ended up with both machines and tips for both. A long answer but simply put NO they won't interchange-buy the Deluxe and then you can do Bias Tape and Piping with the appropriate tips!
Yes
You should be able to use the iron cover that came with the machine for any additional tips that you buy.
You're going to be really happy! You can wind it by hand, but no need because you have the Simplicity Winder! I use the Winder to get my bias strips on to the spindle. When I wound it by hand the tension was uneven on the spindle but the Winder does a great job of getting the bias strips evenly wound on the spindle. Then you take that and put it on the bias tape maker.
This is a bias AND piping machine, if you ONLY doing the bias it will finish 1/2 inch after application 1 inch when it comes through the machine
Yes, it is designed for right or left handed use. Blade assembles on either side providing visibility for either hand. There is a metal nut that unscrews when changing a blade. All you have to do it put the nut on the opposite side of its original position (comes assembled on right hand side). There is room, enough of a groove for the blade to be on the right hand side and the metal nut to be on the left hand side.
There is an orange slider button on the top. You push this forward to expose the blade. You don't have to hold it there--it automatically locks in the "use" position. You can hear it click. Before you lay it down, press the small orange dot on the left side to put the put the blade in the "safe" position. If you think "razor blade" that will give you an indication how sharp the blade is and why you don't lay it down with the blade exposed.
Rotary cutters are pretty expensive to be used as paper cutters. I have a good quality paper cutter (the one with the arm you raise up and down) and have no problems cutting paper . A rotary cutter costs about the same, plus you have to keep replacing blades. They are designed for cutting fabric, and would would dull quickly if used on paper. It's the same principle as using your good sewing scissors to cut paper. It ruins them for sewing. If you cut a lot of pictures, the paper cutter would be your best bet.
Yes. The blade does a very poor job even if I am only cutting one layer.
I would always use a cutting mat with this to avoid hurting any surface under the fabric. I certainly think granite would hurt the cutting edge of this tool, but am not sure.
There is a rotary blade sharpener that works with any rotary blade by True Sharp that runs about $36.
it has don an awesome job on every kind of fabric I have ever worked with and have cut many seat covers made from 1000 denier cordura but for best result make sure you have a good cutting backer the self healing type fiskers makes several sizes of cutting boards to work with the cutting wheels
It would be difficult due to its size. A smaller blade size would be better for that. I love the handle design on this brand so I would suggest looking for a similar design but a smaller size.
The grinding wheel for the rotary tool could "carve" the shape.
Vibrating sander also cuts with the provided tools.
Each tool uses a certain size shaft, usually 1/8, 3/16, or 1/4 inch. The instructions tell which size each tool uses. There are also adapters to allow one size shaft to work in another size tool.
No, it does not work with 220 volts.
i too would like to use the product in Australia 240v so I need to know
I have used it for sublimation on poly fabric and it is great for that. I used it to sublimate some ceramic christmas ornaments and broke 2 befor getting it adjusted right. The only negative thing I can say about mine is the adjustment screw binds terribaly and I have to use a wrench to turn it. Im sure if I had the time I could take it apart and fix it.
You have to contact the seller for that option.
Yes it does. Works just fine off 110. Yes
It's been a great addition to my business - I fuse fabric and use it for rhinestone transfers for cheerleading bows. It is on for approx. 8-10 hours a day, I've had it a little over a year now, and the only thing that has stopped working is the alarm/temperature changing chime. Other than that, it's been great. :)
I don't know... The plug I have for it is a 110, but I don't know whether there is a conversion for 220 or not... Sorry.
It's not by yard. I can't remember exactly how long it was, probably more than a yard. I bought it a year ago for $6.25. Now it says free shipping, which means they include shipping cost to the whole price.
All in one piece.
The length
I'm not sure. It may not be sheer enough to give you the effect you are looking for.
I think it would work well. I used the material to make saddles for my granddaughter. Nicer once it is washed a couple of times and gotten softer.
I ordered about 6 yards, and mine came in one long piece.
From what I can remember, since it's been quite a while since I bought this, it's too thin to use as a top or bottom of a baby blanket, and yes, the piece I got was large enough, but it would be better used for a lining for a child's dress bodice, or a summer gown maybe, or a summer blouse, not for something you need to be strong. Just my opinion.
i washed in hot water without softner, and i say it is soft in my term.
Not if you put the iron on the lowest setting
it is dress fabric
I don't know what the price is now, but I can tell you that the fabric is good quality.
It is polyester satin. Satin is a weave, and can be made from many fibers, such as cotton or silk as well as synthetics. It is smooth and shiny because of the way the top threads are aligned. This particular fabric worked well for the prom dress my daughter made from it.
I washed it and it was okay. It wrinkled but other than that was fine.
It is 70 inches and One Yard. It's a pretty good sized piece. It's stretchy but soft. I used it to Cover leather ballet slippers and it worked beautifully.
The piece I received was truly white.
Yes!!
No, just straight yardage.
Yes , it is ,it's a lace fabric , just wash it like you would lace.........
Yes & Yes
I don't have exact, but it is like spandex, just not as heavy.
It is one yard by 70 inches
It doesn't state on the fabric what exactly it's made of, but I'd guess it's a poly blend. Stretches pretty easily.
Yep, mine was.
I was very pleased when I opened my package of 3 yards. It is 60" wide and yes, 9' long.
Hi yes a full roll would be 100 yards but if you like 75 yards that would work as well.
Hi, it depend where you are located and how many yards you are ordering. But our shipping is fast and we ship same day. Thanks
yes. I ordered quantity of 5 and received 15 feet.
One piece.
It's not like a burlap bag it has a wider weav. If used to wrap root that are going in the ground it might last 6 -12 months under ground. As for for just out in the elements I couldn't tall how long it would last.
Yes. And other uses, used mine for a bachelor stool refining
Sorry, I really can't tell you that at this point. I'm not sure how much to weigh for ounces, and the burlap is quite dirty by now, dirt would get factored in....
Don't remember. Its not around anymore. It was tight tough.
60" wide by whatever length you want
I only bring this to the dry cleaner because I'm afraid to wash it but im.sure you can on a delicate cycle. It's beautiful in person you will be very happy with it
It's 58" wide and 1 yard in length which would be 36".
Not necessary but recomended to wash before sewing.
Yes you sure can. And believe it or not, the fabr ic is soft and can bem stretched. Great fabric!!
3 yrds are 3 yrds You cut!!!
This is about 4 feet by 4 feet. Great for portrait photography
70" it is great! I love this fabric
It is fairly sheer. The color would definitely show through. I used this lace over my wedding dress, and it was sheer enough that we had to be VERY careful about finding the exact ivory satin to match the ivory lace.
It's a 1 yd piece of material they give you 70" so it's 36"x70"
Not sure what you are planning to use these for, but I use them to transfer embroidery patterns -- so I just cover up the tracing lines with my embroidery. And most of the embroidery I create is not washable anyway -- so it would still have the tracing. I've found these to be one of the best products to transfer patterns -- much better than the pencils and less fussy than the printer-based transfer options. The only downside is that if you press too hard on the paper, the ink tends to bleed -- so it requires a light hand. Also, the tips are pretty thick for very fine embroidery patterns -- I wish that they produced a "super-fine tip" version of these pens for some of the small, very detailed patterns that I copy.
Red, yellow, orange, blue, green, purple, brown, and black.
No
My experience is that they do not was out.
I used printer paper, and it worked fine! Just fine tune your "Ironing time" depending on how hot your iron gets. Seems all Irons are different! Good Luck with your Project
Its a very fine texture. does not interfere with writing on paper on top of it; easy to clean too.
This table has three height adjustments; 22" (children's height), 29" (table height) and 36" (countertop height)
aThe legs are adjustable. The lowest height is 16 inches and it goes up with three adjustments
There is a molded opening in the edge of the table where they fold together. It makes car ring in to a building convenient, but I would not want to carry it on along walk to a picnic spot.
20 inches, 24 1/2 inches and 29 1/2 inches. We love it.
I would say none. At least for the one in my pocket.
No I don't think they are, they are like sharpies. And they don't have a sheen to them really.
I think they would work well for a one time use but they dried out really quickly and I didn't even use them that much so if you are looking for something to sign a lot of posters I would look elsewhere.
As shown.. They are all metallic.. even the black is sort of shiny. I would call them... blue, green, purple, red, bronze, gold, black and silver. They work best on paper, but do pretty well on other surfaces.
No they're not
Hi, I think they would but I think it would be lighter than say sharpies since these are metallic. Metallic pens in my experience are a bit softer/ translucent and therefore, may be harder to read. Good luck!
I haven't tried, but I am guessing NO. These markers have pretty poor coverage. The medium that carries the pigment is not thick, so I think the background cover would show through. When i get home I can try it. If I were you, I'd look for oil based markers instead. They usually are much more opaque.
the silver would but the others not so well
Yes
They are real Janome bobbins. I called Janome to confirm this when I received them to make sure.
Yes, these work with any Janome sewing machine. The only exception may be the really high-tech and fancy ones. As for the HK Janome, these bobbins will work just fine. I hope that helps. Be aware, though, that you may not get these bobbins in this particular case. I, as well as many others, received a very similar case -- one that had the cherry blossoms on it, but did not say 'Janome' on the front. :/
I believe so. I have both the drop in bobbin Janome and the bobbin case Janome.
Yes
If it's a top load, I don't think so
My guess after looking at the bobbins recommended for the Elna 520 is yes the Janome pinks should work. Looks exactly the same.
I would think so because they are Janome bobbins they would work on all Janome sewing machines.
It is my understanding that Janome bobbins are universal for all machines. One thing that's really nice about them actually!
As far as I know they will , I have 4 different models of Janome machines from 40yrs old to 1year old and they all use them!!! The pink ones are fun !!!
You can stamp two or three images with one inking. However, the first stamp will be crisp and clear, and each succeeding stamp will still be crisp, but it will be lighter.
Not sure what kind of bag you mean so I tried this out on a plastic shopping bag. It is a nice ink pad in general. It stamped nice and clear. It does come inked already but does not come with a re-inker. Just got mine so I don't know how long they last. So far (15 min) it appears to be working and doesn't come off to the touch. Parts of the stamp that were thicker and has more ink bled a little. Thin areas look great!
The inked portion of the pad is 3 1/4 x 2 1/4. I hope this helps ! C Head
Yes it is permanent ink
The ingredients say "non-toxic", but I would be sure to ask a veterinarian first just to make sure it was ok.
I have used it on paper and Plywood. It is Fast drying but bleeds on plywood
I have found that when using this ink on paper for stamping it is waterproof. Meaning that once it is dry, if you add other paints on top of it, it doesn't mix with the new paint.
I believe the ink is only permanent on porous surfaces (paper, fabric, etcetera.) and it may need to be heat set in some cases. If it wiped off of the clear stamp it is because the stamp is acrylic and non porous.
I wouldn't use this ink for that. It's archival on paper. I would use black StazOn instead!
Yes. Just let it dry completely. I used it on glassine bags and worked great.
Under the box is a standard metal attatchment that fits all Pochade or camera tripods. Works very well. I love it. I bought a heavy duty tripod so it will not blow over in any kind of breeze or wind, which happens to my other art friends on occasion. So I bought an expensive heavy duty tripod. Carrying it is hard for me because the box & tripod are heavy for me, but worth it. My husband helps sometimes when with me. Once set up, the box & tripod work great. I'm very pleased.
It goes with the sienna plein air tripod about $150 but we do not sell it. Sorry.
Actually I am surprised how stable it is. I have painted on the sand , in the wind and had very few issues. It does depend also on the tripod you use. Make sure the legs are not the thin flexible type on cheap tripods. The one adjustable arm is very secure . Instability would come from the tripod. In pli ear you should thin your first layers or put lots of paint on the brush. Aggressive stumbling will make the Easley more unstable. Tom Andrich
I don't think it is made to but I think that you could store an 8x10 in my large Pochade. I haven't used it yet. Maybe take some pieces of foam to wedge it and then do some touch up at home.
Mine weighs 5.5 lbs. I have a tempered glass palette in it. All-in-all I've really liked it so far.
Yes, but does not come with tripod. Tripod Mounting Plate A critical piece of the pochade box is the mounting plate. A " thick piece of aluminum 2 1/2" x 2 1/2" accomplishes this beautifully, with a standard x 20 threaded hole as the fastening point. The plate is attached to the frame of the box with three stout screws. There is a large area for the ballhead quick release plate to grab onto and hold the box firmly in place on the tripod.
I bought this paper to make shoji screens. It's about the same thickness and opacity as printer paper, so you might see silhouettes through it but nothing more than that.
Yes, it has been traditionally used as backing paper for wet mounting and as window covering.
Hi, I not sure if I can answer your question. The rice paper I bought it larger size. I do Batik painting with wax. I wanted a larger roll so you can do large painting. The paper is very soft white with small fibers. It does hold up to watercolor painting and acrylic paints too. I wish I could send you a picture of the wax painting they are pretty cool looking. I hope this helps. Carol Ritter
There is no inner tube. The diameter of the roll of paper is approx. 1.5 inches
you may need to get some oil in to the item and press it when using, then it will leak.
I use mine infrequently, so I just keep the tip submerged in oil when not in use, dry it off and just put a few drops in the barrel before use. I was really surprised at how well this thing works.
I've never tried, but it's meant to cut all glass. May be difficult to hold it steady. I think they make cutters specifically for glass bottles though.
Yes, we just dipped it. We only had one cut to make on a mirror so thought it would be cleaner than filling the resevoir....and it worked fine.
I doubt it. I used it to cut 1/8" and it just made it.
I think it would work great to wrap the handle.
Mine was brown.
Yes
I imagine. It is thick though
No, because my account is closed.
It's too thick. No
3/16" at the very least! way thicker than i wanted
3/16" thick and 1/2" wide; Tandy also has other sizes and colors, just go to their website.
I have not experienced that problem and I have used it for hours at a time
Adam: converts to 12 volts
No it is not.
aprox... 2cm
Jacqie, eHow.com has some information. However, it depends on the design of the device that the LED bulb is in as to how easy it may be to replace the bulb. The LED bulbs in many devices are "hardwired" to the circuit board. This design assures secure power connections and allows for a more efficient use of space and therefore a smaller size. The long life of LED bulbs also leads maunfacturers to design products with no practical means for replacing bulbs that burn out. This is especilly true for consumer products. Commersial and industrial product applications are different.
Unfortunately, we do not have the answer to this question. We suggest you contact the manufacturer of the product. You should be able to find them on line, or there may be contact info on the box or instruction sheet.
Yes, this machine does, but I haven't tried much yet. It did a nice flower stitch for me when I practiced.
Yes I have sewed denim with it. I have also been able to sew burlap and felt with it as well. It really is a great little machine. Hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
Huh, I don't know that for you. I bought this online and it was a factory serviced one - like new.
110v
Mine works like a dream. I haven't had any problems since I got it.
No, the stickers do not have a white border. They are only black.
just one each of what you see. i used them to decorate a prize box for my sons mustache bash party. i called it the mustache bash stash.
idk
I think it's intended as a lower price entry tool to see if you like chip carving without spending the money for higher priced tools. I have both and still use my Flexcut knives most often. I've seen some knives go as much as $100.00 plus. Flexcut knives are fine but may need some modification to the handle to fit your hand. If you want something a little better and more expensive Wayne Barton knives are very nice. I'd get his book too, The complete guide to chip carving. Hope this helps...
Instructions are minimal. I'll transcribe them for you. "Flexcut carving knives are sharpened at the factory, which gives them a highly polished, razor-sharp edge. Keeping them at peak performance is easily done by periodically polishing the inside and outside edges on a Flexcut Slip Strop with Flexcut Gold Polishing Compound. When it comes to carving, sharp tools take less effort to make a clean cut and give you more control. This means you'll work safer and get a better results. Do not use a sharpening stone on these blades. It will damage the edge. How To Sharpen Your Blades Glue a strip of leather to a piece of wood to create a strop. Apply Flexcut Gold Polishing compound to the strop. Drag your blade edge across strop at a 15 degree angle. Repeat several times on each side to polish the edge." I also ordered the Flexcut SlipStrop kit for sharpening the knives and it has more detailed sharpening instruction. http://www.amazon.com/Flexcut-Tool-PW12-Slipstrop/dp/B000ZRT75M/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1391101795&sr=8-1&keywords=flexcut+slipstrop I hope this helps.
Yes the knives are all pretty sharp and cuts the wood pretty easily
36X64 INCHES
It's very hard to cut and sew cuZ the hair is long so it's pretty massy but if ur dedicated I'm sure you can make it work
Fur isn't easy to sew by any stretch of the imagination (make sure you read plenty of tutorials!) but we didn't have any issues with it shedding. I used it for a coat that has had no shedding.
No, it's all one piece.
I don't know the official answer, but it sheds quite a bit, so I wouldn't try washing it.
1yd by 1yd
Yes i am able to give one 2 yard piece.
1 = 1 yard, 2 = 2 yards, 3 = 3 yards. =)
i wash it on gentle and lay to dry. then, fluff back up with fingers. I made a blanket and pillow covers. I love it.
60 Inches
It's much more peachy-orange than the photos show; it's really not cream. I ended up dying mine to black wolf fur using acrylic paint.
I ordered two yards as well. They don't cut everything in one-yard sections, they'll cut it to however many yards you've purchased in one length.
It would definitely work on softer, cloth lamp shades. It may just run on harder lamp shades with no material to absorb the paint. It has a very liquid consistency.
This blogger had great results with that. Here's the link: http://apinterestaddict.com/2011/12/28/thrifty-thursday-spray-paint-chair/
I haven't done it myself, but I don't see why you couldn't.
It is dye based....it comes in a little spray bottle and sprays out like colored water. I used it to dye white t-shirts for my girls. It washes very well. The down-side is that you have little control over the spray as opposed to a thick, fabric paint that allows you to draw designs.
It really depends on how heavy you put it on. When I used them it was totally dry in 2 hours. They worked really well!!! I made a banner out of a sheet and used them on that.
Never tried, but I don't suspect they'd show up very well. You'd need to paint on a white background for that.
dont know -- returned item
Hi yarddog:) I don't really understand the question... But I will tell you that the pickle is to be heated in a small crockpot and right after soldering you drop your silver inside the mixer. It removes all of the copper tat has risen to the top of the silver.. As for the copper turning black which is usually oxidation.. You can remove that by buffing or using super fine steel wool 00. I don't know if that answers your question? I am a novice:)
I just have it in the gallon jug it came in under the sink and give it a good shake before I go to use it again.
I'm not sure but it also did not clean silver well after soldering. I don't recommend it.
The manufacturer says it will fuse glass, look here: http://www.jecproducts.com/Jecproducts/Fusing_glass.html
I have used it for enameling on copper. Just once, but it worked very well.
Yes
Just a spatula and instructions. You do not need a temperature gauge really just look at it but you should buy ceramic discs
No
Yes. But the area is small about 3 inches across and less than an inch high. U also have to buy the ceramic plates separate. All told I paid $200 for something that seems so cheaply constructed it should be $40.
Don't know.
This glue is an excellent bonding agent, and it will bond cotton cord to metal, leather, and plastic. I have used it for about a year now in making kumihimo items and leather items with metal endcaps and it has held up very well. It dries extremely quickly and has no odor when dry ( usually about a minute), which is a plus. I have not washed anything glued with it, but I think if it just gets wet and is not soaked or washed, it will be fine. Also, a little bit goes a long way. I have used it to glue stones to a cabochon setting and that was also successful. This is my favorite go-to glue for jewelry-making. Hope this helps!
Yes
Jump rings are best closed by themselves without relying on glue. When you open a jump ring, you hold it with two pliers where the ring separates, then open it by twisting one side either toward you or away from you. This technique makes it fairly easy to close it properly. If you pull it OUT (so that it looks like a large C shape) it is very difficult to get the original shape back. Sometimes I will use my mini crimper to secure the final shape when the ring is still slightly open. As for this glue, it is fast-drying, strong, and my favorite glue. I have found one thing it cannot do: it cannot be washed in the washing machine. I tried it on a dress that had loose embellishment beads; it worked temporarily, but did not last in the wash.
I think if you were careful. It gets everywhere just out of the tip. I would use a toothpick to more finely control. Dries fast. Not sure how strong it is, I use it for braiding satin cord.
I am not sure yet ... sorry, have not used it yet.
You will need the package of 4 different grit. I bought the package that contained 4 large, 1/2 pound packages of grit. Then some rocks, of course. Not real big rocks. Rocks about the size of a strawberry and smaller. Any shape. We have, so far, polished all shapes of rocks. Even flat ones. Just make sure you measure the grit exactly as it says and leave in the tumbler for at least 7 days. We go through and sort through the rocks after each week. Moving some to the next stage and putting some back to the first stage again.
From 4 to 6 weeks. Some polish faster, others take longer. During each stage of polishing we go through each barrel after a 4-5 day period and select which rocks stay back in the barrel they came out of and which go on to the finer grit for polishing. If you take your time you can get some very beautiful rocks. We use two of the two barrel polishes so we have all 4 grades of grit going at once. Just keep moving them to the next level of polishing. After 5 weeks you should have a polished barrel of rocks each week.
You can, but I'm not exactly sure how to do it. I have polished some rough beach glass using fine sand. (But then I have to state it is not genuine beach glass-purists don't approve of putting it on the tumbler. http://davesgarden.com/community/forums/t/761052/ try this gentleman's siggestions -
Although I enjoy lapidary questions, to give a complete answer to your question I would need a bit more information such as: What style of tumbler do you have, rotary or vibratory? How large are the slabs? (Big ones should go into a vibratory tumbler; small ones can be done in a rotary) What are the materials? (Rocks need to be separated by hardness to tumble polish, as softer materials can be quickly ground away or beat up by harder materials) After you have determined the above answers, you will need some grit (generally silicon carbide, a minimum of 3 grades from coarse to fine, depending on the hardness and material type), a polishing agent (again, this will depend on the materials you are tumble polishing, usually cerium oxide works well on most materials) and a separating medium (I like plastic pellets) to keep the slabs from sticking together for a nice even finish. To tumble wet (usually in a rotary tumbler), you would place the slabs and plastic pellets into the tumbler's rubber barrel and add enough water to fill it 4/5 of the way, then add the grit (coarse first; the amount depends on the size of the barrel). Tighten the lid and turn it on for the first run. The amount of time required for each run will depend on the hardness of the stones, from a couple of days to weeks. When the first run is complete, empty the barrel (never into a sink, as the slurry can really mess up plumbing systems), and thoroughly rinse and clean the pellets and the stones. Then repeat the runs, using medium grit next, and finally the fine. When you are happy with the results, it is time for the polish. Be absolutely, positively sure that there is no grit whatsoever left in the barrel or on any of the stones, as one piece could destroy weeks of work! I have barrels just for polish. The polishing run can take less than a day, again depending on the stones. Wash your stones completely, and wrap as desired! In a vibratory tumbler, I prefer to tumble slabs dry, using the same processes as above without adding any water, as I find slabs tumble polish more quickly in a vibratory tumbler, dry. For an easier solution, you could use a spray protectant, like as an acrylic spray such as Krylon, to give your slabs a nice glossy finish; just be careful not to scratch it when wrapping. Warning: Polishing your own stones can be addicting! Answer contributed by Dale "Cougar" Armstrong
Just use about 3 tablespoons of grit. When you move on to the next phase of polishing, just rinse out the rocks and the grit....make sure you put your rocks through all the phases of the grit polishing...if you try and skip a step then you rocks will not come out as you would like to have them..
U can't put bigger rocks in it
I hope that you enjoy the tumbler. I purchased mine a month ago (?). I have been using my tumbler to polish silver, steel, and copper jewelry that I make. I have been using stainless steel shot, water, and a bit of dishwashing liquid. I have only been using one of the barrels so far.
It is belt driven
Yes. We have our set up in the kitchen and run it 24 hrs a day. There are times we stop it to watch a TV program that has lots of quiet conversation, but that's not often. So unless your wall are paper thin, the neighbors shouldn't even notice it.
I checked my manual and it says it is not recommended for tumbling finished jewelry.
You can't see it from the web site but they come with clear plastic caps.
Yes, but the tip opening is very small so you would either have to have sauce/chocolate with a thin consistency or cut the end off to make the opening a little larger. They are good for fine details.
The mouth of the bottle is large - should not need a funnel.
They are "frosted" so that you can see the level of even a clear liquid.
Yes. Works great!
The bottles were a waste of money. Even with a funnel I couldn't get the icing in them so glue might be just as hard
Yes, they would. You can "snip" the nozzel end to whatever size you need for the sand grains to flow evenly.
Not sure. We used it to hold craft material. The manufacturer can probably answer it better.
yes! That's exactly what I use them for-plus latex paint! If the transparent cap isn't air tight enough for ya, there is a cardboard seal that comes in each nozzle.
7/8th to one inch.
If by density you mean weight, this foam is very light-weight. I bought a piece that was 5 ft. long and 1 inch thick. It was shipped rolled up like a piece of carpet and secured with non adhesive plastic tape. The foam is flexible and easy to fold if you should want to double its thickness to 2-inches. It keeps its shape and is sturdy so that it doesn't 'pill', yet is flexible. I like this foam, although I bought more than I need. I folded the extra piece up, secured it with the non adhesive plastic strips it came with, and it's stored it in a closet for some future project. It has the density of the kind if foam you would find in a chair cushion, but if I were to use it to make a chair cushion I would want it thicker than 1 inch -- maybe 2 inches.
I think it would, although there is denser foam, it would hold more moisture and possibly mold, so I would try try it.
It it upholstry type foam.
Yes. That will do it.
Yes but if it gets wet you will have to hang up to dry.
It's not like a sponge, it will hold it to an extent but it's going to leak through pretty quickly. This foam is actually pretty thick but it's far to porus to hold water. Hope this helps!
Caroline, The company will sell you what ever yardage you would like to purchase. In the description they are letting you know that the roll is 16 yards. This is in case you want to purchase more than 16 continuous yards.
yep
The little button with the vine and lock is the reverse button. Just press it...no need to use pedal...and it will reverse stitch one time/one stitch. Good luck.
I don't know about Brazil, but I can tell you it works in Israel with a suitable transformer (Israel is 220V / 50Hz).
There was NO walking foot!
It is not top-loaded, but put in the bobbin case.
No
Yes, there should be a couple of screws to remove a plastic cover on the back left. Once removed you can oil the various joints. My owner's manual showed the areas to oil.
yes it does !!
Yes it is, I believe it is a silicone. I've made lollipop molds and had no trouble bending them to retrieve the lollipop.
I have never used it for food but I have made charms with a high heat glue gun and they have survived. The highest I have baked anything in it has been 275 degrees. I don't know if boiled sugar or syrup will be too hot.
It's as easy as the instructions on the bottles...mix equal parts of the putty together, just like Play-Doh, and until you see that the two have no more streaks but it is one color. Then simply apply it and press the mixed putty on to your mold. In a matter of a few minutes you have your reusable mold hardened! What I like about this one is that it is food safe, excellent for lolly pops, ice cream, etc. Hope that helps you.
If you mean can you reuse the mold you make with it then the answer is yes, many times. If you mean can you make a mold and then reuse the same putty to make a new mold then the answer is no. Once the putty hardens it can no longer be reshaped.
I don't think there would be a problem. If you have a master fondant figure head, you should have no problem making a mold with this putty if you're using casting resin or epoxy putty or anything that cures chemically.
I would not use it for a whole hand but a finger would be doable. You must keep the finger perfectly still for a minimum of 20 minutes. I would also wash carefully afterwards because I really don't know if the product is toxic to skin. I think it is not because I knead it for easily 5-10 minutes at a time with no effect on my skin. Personally, I have only used it for "making faces" as in clay casts of my fairy faces.
Yes, you can make fake teeth mold with it. Once you make the teeth mold, you have to fill the mold with non-toxic medium. Find out if you can put the fake teeth in your mouth. Make sure mold material is non-toxic also.
The object you are making a mold from has to have some sort of raised print in order for the design to show. You might be better off with edible images of the stamps. Hope this helps!
Yes I have and it works great, just remember work fast and have everything ready you are going to use to make a mold impression. I have never imprinted onto leather but if the impression is deep enough and you press hard enough I don't see why it won't work. Just work fast
To soft
It was undisclosed by the seller, but the hard rolled finish I would guess it to be 40
No. I have the ivory color. It worked very nicely.
50
i am not sure=i use it for calligraphy & giclee/iris prints=you should check with the manufacturer
I purchased from Amazon and not one of the vendors but YES it is. Comes with full box and warranty paperwork. I purchased this pen for my wedding to sign the documents and after looking at Mont Blancs for a while in many places this is completely authentic and has the serial numbers laser engraved on the pen clip.
It comes in the original Mont Blanc packaging which is a white box with a leather and wood snap case.
Yes, it does. My friend has been using it since April and still has the original cartridge (and still loves it)!
No
It didn't appear so. Came in Mont Blanc box that looked identical to those I saw in retail stores.
Yes. Any size rollerball refill will fit in this pen. I use both refills fine liner and rollerball
Go to site of Montblanc.com and choice the store near you. Go to the store with your pen and send to assistance.
Mine was not stamped. The pen is authentic though.
Hi, We do not engrave. It voids our return policy as well. Best regards Joe
You can take it to Montblanc stores and they will engrave it for $20
Yes, and I agree with Nancy on the experimenting with size. There are one hole and three hole inserts for the cake wedge shape, one hole and four hole inserts for square boxes and two hole for rectangular boxes. There is also a single hole insert for octagonal shape boxes like the ice cream cone.
I have a 12 x 12 mat and I made cupcake boxes that held 4 regular size cupcakes, so I would say that you could make boxes that held one or two cupcakes, but not the 4 cupcake box.
I don't really know since I have the Cricut Expression but I imagine that you would be very limited in the size you can make. You need the 12 x 12 paper to make what amounts to a 4 inch square box. And for the cupcake boxes to actually fit a cupcake. I don't see how you could cut out many of the items with the 6 x 12 paper.
They are mostly slightly smaller than a quarter. Depends on how big you want earrings
I typically use either stretch magic in .55 mm or Beadalon stringing wire in 19 strand at .3mm Depends on what kind of piece I'm making.
Yes I love this collection i made a bracelet a necklace and earrings with these
Try real dial size
No, it's just frames.
Yes
no, sorry. The cricut mini is made to use with cricut craft room online! no cartridges!
I have this machine, it is very tempermental. Ive had an enormous amt of trouble with it. My repairman told me Singer did a recall and gave many refunds. I wish Id known.
Yes you can use a walking foot for quilting and all home sewing projects. The walking foot will need to be an industrial type for the 20U series machine.
Lots of plastic. Not really a commercial machine. More of a big home model. Made in China, of course.
Not sure about this question. I have it plugged into my 110v wall plug. No adaptations are made. It has a 3 pronged plug (lower grounding plug). There are surge protectors on all of my wall (house) plugs, but if you have a house built before 1999 I suggest using a surge protector strip.
Of course it can be knocked down, and the shipping it's cheaper Regards
The 20U109 does nor have a cutter knife built in. It has never used a built-in knife.
Yes it has locking thumb screws next to the zig zag lever. It can be locked in any zig zag width setting between 1 & 5. Or locked in the straight stitch setting. At constant high speed sewing the zig zag lever could vibrate and move. This is a problem for manufacturing use where the machine runs for an eight hour shift. For the typical home user it's not a problem.
The 20U109 is a manually oiled machine. Unlike the SINGER 191 series which is self lubricating. The 20U109 is manual. It has small oil wicks in the needle bar area to help keep the needle bar lubed. Otherwise with light to medium use it should be oiled every 2 months in the predetermined oil marked holes in the machine.
Yes, this really is for that type of materials. Of course, you still need the proper threads (usually heavy duty nylon) and very heavy duty needles (18 or 20). I would seriously advise you to sew on scraps (or similar weights) to set tension and make sure you're getting a good stitch before you try sewing on your project.
That will be dependent on your needle, as far as the machine itself, the best investment we have made with amazon, we sew clothing, canvas bags, sheets and drapes, and just about anything friends of ours can tear, will handle everything from silks to denim no problem, if you want to stich leather get the right needle, watch your speed and go
Hello sir, China shipments estimated time of 10-15 days
I cannot answer that because it hasn't arrived yet...slowest retailer ever. It says shipped for the last three weeks...
It takes 3 little button cell batteries, LR1130. It came with the batteries in it, and so far they're going strong.
Sorry, no, just for small fossils.
It may be but I am no a collector.
3/4" in diameter.
Yes, it works right out of the box. Very handy. I've used for several things.
Spellbinders Shapeabilities cut, emboss and stencil with a single die template. Approximate Die Template Sizes: Centers: " Leaf: 1&#8540; x 2&#8540;" Flowers: 1: 1" 2: 1&#8541;" 3: 2" 4: 2"
I think you can if your fabric is not too thick. I have not tried fabric, so you be the first!
Oh yes!! Cuts beautifully!!
Sorry I don't know for sure. I have a Cuttlebug. You could check on the computer & I am sure there are different sites that could tell you. This is a beautiful die & I made some gorgeous Christmas cards last year.
Yes , it does! This is one of my favorites. It makes a beautiful flower. You can put together different sizes.
Hi Rhonda, from the very tip of the tongue to the bottom of the tongue is 3 1/2 inches. From side to side it's; 2 1/2 inches....Hope this helps you ROCK STAR.......Please let me know you received my Message...Thanx Dee-Dee W. - San Antonio, Texas
Sorry, I don't have
You could sew it - ironing on to leather is not a good idea- unlikely to last and will leave damage
I sewed mine on with some black thread.
Hi, We ship most orders received by 1pm Central Time the same business day. All other orders ship the next Business day. We have 3 shipping options First Class Mail, Priority Mail, and Express Mail. First Class Mail usually takes 3 to 5 business days to arrive. Priority Mail usually takes 1 to 3 business days to arrive and costs $6.99. Express Mail is guaranteed to arrive in 1 to 2 days (depending on how close you live to a major airport). The cost of Express Mail is $23.50. Just select which shipping option you want when you check out Thank you
why would anyone buy 7?????????
Sorry no
29-1/2 inches.
Yes. The corner piece just sits on top. The sides can both stand alone. Might have drill holes or buy bolts or something to get them to connect in a straight line-not sure...
I'll have to look at it later as I can't right now but I have put some tall stacks of books on it and pretty good pressure on it as I draw. I've also moved it twice and the glass seems rather secure.
The glass on the tilt portion has two metal disks on the upper corners which you use a machine screw through a bracket. On the bottom two corners there are suction cups placed on the lower bar against the glass. The glass provided is not a standard thickness found in glass shops. One of my pieces arrived shattered and I was not getting a response from the manufacturer so I checked with a glass shop to see about a replacement. I must give kudos to the manufacturer because even though I did not get a call back right away due to the person being on vacation they did send me replacements for both desktops so now I have a spare. And the gentleman did call me to apologize for not returning my call right away.
Yes
Thank you for your interest in this item. The dimensions on the flat main work surface on this table is 35.25" W X 20" D.
It's surface level is equivalent to the primary table. The entire table top surface moves up and down.
Nope! It's attached directly to either side of the table.
Yes
My measuring shows 3/16". The label on it indicates 25# weight limit. I've had no problems with it!.I love this desk!
Hello, Finally got to the caddy to measure. One tray is 7" x 11" One slot is a bit over 1 3/4 wide by 2 1/4 deep inches. There are 16 of these. There is one slot that is 1 3/4" wide by 4 6/8" deep. Each tray is the same. Hope this helps.
No - the dividers are all permanent. They cannot be removed or rearranged.
It works great for beads. They dont intermingle at all. They stay in their compartment
They should fit at least 4 in a section if they are about 1/2 " in diameter.
Yes they should fit but i dont know at the moment because im not at home looking at it.
About 2 x 2 inches with a longer compartment at one end.
Inner diameter is approximately 6 mm. I just tested a piece of 6-mm leather in one of the clasps and it fit perfectly.
I'm on vacation and don't have access to measure, but they are about 1/4"
Not sure I understand your question.....I haven't had that problem using these findings.....I will say that if for some reason I was not happy with a finished project I have cut the findings off and soaked them in nail polish remover for 24 or more hours and have been able to pull the warps out and reuse the findings everytime I have tried this...hope this helps somewhat.
E600
Terry, I am not familiar with mm's but I held the end cap up to my knitting needle gauge and the inside opening was the size of the 4 1/2mm guage opening.
Sorry. I don't know. I am allergic to nickel and always coat any metal that is not sterling or good gold with clear nail polish.
Yes it glows in the dark.. But all the different colors only glow green and not very bright for long.
Not sure if you can put them on the body, but not on the hair. Consistency is more like a glue or gel.
No. You do not steam this paint. Use it on a clean and dry fabric - not washed or dried with fabric softener - let dry for a few days and then launder as normal.
They all glow green in the dark. Would need to use a black light if you want a colorful glow
It does
You could try but I think they are too watery for that and it would be hard to apply with the tip, its too big, unless you used another tool/brush to apply
Not very well, of course not many kinds of paint bond well to PVC. They tend to peel off no matter how well you had them covered.
Yes
No
Very minimal
No need to buy a hardener as this kit contains one bottle for resin and one for hardener and its equal parts mixing, great stuff and easy to work with.i use it for making trolling lure heads( fishing) and it forms bubbles sometimes due to mixing and temp so i put it into a homemade air compressed chamber to collapse or push the air bubbles out before it hardens. And when it sets i sand it down (with water) using a rough sand paper( 200), then 400,600 and then last 1500( this gives a nice finish) and the you can polish using any kind of polishing compound.good luck
I have never tried that. I hope they are dead first! :) if I was going to try it, I would do small layers at a time so it will be easier to keep the air bubbles out and be crystal clear. Good Luck!
The resin has never stuck to any of my molds, I use silicone molds. It will stick to the measuring cups, if u want to reuse them u would have to wipe hem down immediately after you finish pouring, using de molding spray girl easy release depends on your mold not the resin...hopefully I was able to help you!
I use it to make anything from jewelry pendants to paperweights to switch covers. Actually the bigger the project, the quicker it actually sets. What are you planning on making? If you don't mind me asking :)
I have been taking the material out of the molds after 24 hours in a warm place. 65F-70F. I usually put the molds in the freezer for 30-45 minutes to help with releasing from the mold. I've found that freezing helps greatly to easily release the material from the molds. Note, I am not experienced with making molds and I'm not sure if the freezing technique is detrimental or not.
When I used it it took approx 24hrs
It's pretty runny and takes 24 hours. I use them in small glass vials - you can see them here - http://www.kisstletoe.net If you have a "frame" that will hold the resin while it dries, you'll be O.K. Be patient = use the two cup instructions. I love this stuff!
I wouldn't use this for coating a a piece of furniture say a bar or a table if you go to- www.creative-wholesale.com they have all sorts of finishes Cheaper than Amazon!!! Sorry Amazon I still love you!!! LOL
Styrofoam is tricky. I would try a sample piece. If it does melt the styrene you can try using some epoxamite, it is a laminating epoxy that we have used as a clear cloat for styrofaom I light coat of that if you have a lot of detail should protect the styrofaom from the easy clear. The epomamite is Smooth On Product.
I wouldn't recommend drinking it!
18 inches
This fits a queen perfectly, so I don't understand the double billing as full/queen either. I will definitely stick out on both sides of a full. According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bed_size you'll have an extra 3 inches on both sides. 54" vs 60" width differential.
i would not recommend not attaching to a bed. it is very heavy. too thick and heavy to attach to a wall.
I guess I would say brown.
The description says that the shipping weight is 95 pounds. I would say the packaging was under 10 pounds of that weight.
Nope. Its just the headboard. It has an area where you can connect a frame to it though.
Yes, model 417854.
To the best of my knowledge, the headboard does not include any attachments; and I do not know that any are available. My purchase was simply the headboard. Its posts each have two holes for bolts which attach directly to the bed frame. I don't know if you could modify your platform or not to accommodate it. Hope this helps.
No and no
No, it does not
You have to work the plastic by hand when you get the mas and how high you need it you can used a heat gun to help you shape it , I hope this help's Steve R
Yes indeed you can. I use a dremel to sand rough then a finer finish grit. I have not gone for a polished look though, but it is probably possible. I sand to shape with more precision.
I don't think it would but it might depend on just how hot it is, if it is direct sun, and how long it is out. I originally bought this for my kids to create art pieces and props but I also used it to make a replacement part for my dishwasher. It's been over a year and the part has been unaffected the heat of the dishwasher. Cool stuff!
Yes. Says on the bottle
I don't know for certain but being that this stuff is a type of plastic, I am going to say that I really don't think so. But it is reusable pretty much no matter what. So if your first results prove less than desirable, you can reheat the product and try again. It will not go to waste.
I would say no but I'm not a dentist. I don't know about bridges. But I'd say trying to affix it to your bridge could ruin the bridge. Once it's "melted" on and stuck to a surface it's borderline impossible to get off. Cool for crafts. Not for expensive dental equipment.
No
Yes and no. After you heat it you can thin/stretch it out with a rolling pin but there's a catch. You have about 45sec before it hardens. You would have to keep going back and forth from shaping to the hot water. You'll need a pot of hot water as big as the part you're making. This stuff is cool but very hard to work with. Ever looked into vacuum forming? That's how they make storm trooper suits.
It all depends what you are trying to do with the spoiler,Give me some more info. Johnny
what are you trying to cast/mold? does it have undercuts?
Yes. You just need a C plate and it will work!
1 1/4" - 1 5/8" - 2 1/8" - 2 1/2" - 3" - 3 3/8" - 3 7/8" - 4 1/4"
Hi - I'd never heard of an Ellison AllStar machine until now. I looked it up and it looks pretty much identical to the Big Shot. So - I can see no reason the Sizzix Framelit dies wouldn't work. I also saw a picture of a retired AllStar machine, which does not look like a Big Shot - and in the description it says, " ... cuts a wide variety of materials with AllStar Standard and Sizzix Bigz. This tells me the framelits could be used with your machine. It's just another die, only very thin. The framelits work perfectly with the Big Shot. Complete Business Systems carries Ellison and Sizzix products. You could call them at 1-888-959-9766 for ultimate confirmation.
I have not tried this but I would say no. The die is thin and is not deep enough to cut through so many pieces of fabric.
Hello, The Shop To Brands have a one day processing time for orders. Once the order is processed it will be delivered in 3-5 business days, anywhere in the continental 48 US states. Thank You, Shop to Craft Customer Service Team
I've never used chipboard...go to search on your pc...look up Sizzix, then email them and I'm sure they can answer your question. good luck
Yes it will, inbetween the cutting pads, using both tabs with the multipurpose platform, in the BigShot machine.
no but i would sandwich it between two pieces of cardboard before cutting
1-1/4" 1-5/8" 2-1/8" 2-1/2" 3" 3-3/8" 3-7/8" 4-1/4" :-)
Yes. Use your search on your computer and ask the question: Do Sizzix framelits work with a Cuttlebug? There are many sites to choose from. I think the "twopeasinabucket.com" has good instructions. If you go straight to their web site it is hard to find the answer, so be sure and use their site that you find when you ask the above question on your search engine.
I honestly don't know because I've never heard of a Fabi machine. Sorry
It has a lot, it's very well lit,I'm not sure how many.I love my machine!
No it does not
if you get the machine and it doesn't properly for you, you can return for full refund. but the sewing machine has bee fully tested and works fine i know anyone would love it.
The harp size or distance from the nedle to the machine is 8 3/4 inchs.
THE SINGER IS 60 VOLTS AND RUNS ON 110 AC.
says tiawan
These nagnets are very weak. I cant get them to hold anything up. they do stick together pretty well, but that doesnt help me. I had to buy different magnets.
Not very strong at all. Have to use 4 to keep a piece of paper on a white board
no you cannot cut with scissors. And they're not very
Yes they will hold themselves but not paper
Should be fine.
These magnets are very suitable for holding up a polarid picture or film.
1.27 cm
not sure how big the MAC eyeshadow or how heavy it is...you might need a one inch round
NO, I've used a lot of these magnets! They would not hold the pieces together. The Magnet isn't strong enough!
PVC? Yes. Fabric? No
size L-11(8.0mm), size M-13(9.0mm), size N-15(10.0mm), size P-16(11.5mm), hope this help.........
I don't know. Sorry, I haven't used them yet.
They are stamped with the size toward the ball end. One I am looking at is Easy Tunisian Size M-13(9.0 mm) The hook size is compatible to my Boye size N 9.00 mm. Aluminum hook I have. I used this to create a 2 square blanket using a Cathrine wheel stitch. The Boye was too short to hold the loops with the yarn I was using. These hooks made it a breeze to finish it. They were very well finished. No catching of the yarn materials.
These hooks are 14 inches long.
These hooks don't come in any sizes other than those packaged here.
The needles I bought are 10 inches long total length.
Yes, this set has the following: Size L/11 (8.0mm); M/13(9.0mm); N/15(10.0mm); P/16(11.5mm)
I sanded the old wood a bit before using the picket fence crackle paint and worked fine.
It didn't work at all for me, on any surface.
I painted glass with alcohol ink and put this over. It cracked the paint.
This is a craft product for use on paper, cardboard, wood, etc. While it is non-toxic (according to the label), I would not recommend it for use on skin. Have you tried Pinterest for cracked-doll face makeup ideas?
No, it's meant for other surfaces.
I used it on paper only so I couldn't say. However, I never got any cracking from it so I don't recommend it.
It could possibly work. It can be applied both thin and thickly. I have used it as a light glaze and then with thick drips...The thicker the application, the better the cracks are. The glaze is very shiny, so I am not sure that would be pleasing for your project. I would definitely test it first to make sure you like the effect. Hope this helps.
I tried it several times on printed illustrations and I never got a "crackle". There is an acrylic crackle paste medium--either Golden or Liquitex-- that is probably a better product. I couldn't use it because I work on paper and it requires a support of wood or canvas. It is made for acrylic paint.
All I find on the label is that it's waterproof when dry. Perhaps on an outside with a little protection from the elements but not sure if just placed directly in the elements.
The pages do come out wet and will smear. My printer puts the paper out faceup so they don't smear but I have to pull out each sheet and set them aside to dry so they don't sit on top of each other. They do print beautifully though.
Wikipedia has an accurate explanation of paper density at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paper_density
Yes, but when you crease it, it will leave a crease mark turning white on the crease.
I am pretty sure it can, but you need to let it sit to dry and if you are making many copies you need to be sure they don't slide onto each other. Smears when wet!
yes, you need to let it dry a few seconds in between sheets
It's frosted. Not crystal clear, but not stark white. If you place it over print, you can see the print, but probably wouldn't be able to read it unless the font was large (36pt+). Hope this helps!
It's a fairly durable vellum, considering how transparent it is. Slightly on the heavy side
I just ordered one myself. Hope it comes with instructions, utube has some diamond testing videos, from what Ive seen , turn it on , make sure your diamond is clean, gently push the tip on the top of the diamond, if the reading turns green it real, if not it wont do anything . The best thing to do is try it with a real diamond and a fake stone , see what happens. Let me know if you get it figured out, might have to write back later and ask you for help, good luck.
One 9 volt battery.
If the diamond looks to be about 1/10th of a Carat or larger, put it on dial setting 4 (the lights will light up to #4. If it is smaller, set the dial at 6. After setting the dial, take off the cap and press the thin metal nose directly against the top of the diamond. Be careful not to touch the metal prongs, for this will give you a false reading. If it is a diamond, all the lights will light up (even the red ones) and it will beep. If that doesn't happen, it's not a diamond. I recommend that you test something that you know is a diamond to get the hang of it.
You Can choose only to put little pieces of fabric on the letter you want to Cut out.
The letters are 3 inches tall
These only come in uppercase. Thanks, Oren
I have that set. The capital letters divided on 2 dies.
No lower case unfortunately. This set is only upper case. Thanks, Oren
They are 3" tall
3inches
This actually will work on the big shot pro. You will the extended tray and buy the large Accuquilt adapter for the Studio. The "opening" of the BSP machine is pretty much the same as the Studio.
We pay duties on orders shipped to the UK
You can replace individual needles as they break. I usually wait until I have 2 or 3 to replace. This is a nice machine for the price.
swivel the plastic guard to the side.
Do you buy raw, unwashed roving? If so, you need to wash and dry it first then felt with it. I guess you could use raw roving with the machine but washed is so much easier to use. I wash mine then card it with a carding machine (dye it after washing) then I felt the wool though you could buy washed, carded, and dyed wool that is so much easier to use
Yes but you don't even need much in the way of instructions. My 6 year old granddaughter uses it safely and she had a blast on it. The hardest part is realigning new needles to the foot and just by being told that should help you. We love this machine. I'm trying to make time to create landscape art on it now. Also check YouTube. Lots if stuff there.
Buy the power converter set that they use for shavers, hair dryers etc and that will work.
I dont know my spring fell out the second time I use it, dont know what to do with it, other then put some tape under it good luck.
I don't know what item f is.
Just replace the broken one. Also, you don't have to have all the needle slots filled to operate the machine. Some small detail work only needs a couple of needles. I'm no expert--just a newbie user. Enjoy creating!
I have used this machine on felted pieces that are very thick with cotton fabric felted between the layers. You do not have to use the pressure foot on really thick pieces, just note that it is rather "free" style and you need to move the piece as you felt with this machine. I use this felting machine a great deal. I make felted clothing as well as scarves and purses and seal the edges and seams with the simplicity felting machine. Hope that this helps:-)
Yes. Contact www.brother.com.... or look at their web page. This is really a very simple straight forward little machine.
I've had this machine for almost 4 years and have never bought any additional feet. Great machine.
no, this machine can not be used as a serger, it is ideal for finishing as sheath shirts, dresses and shorts, she completes the finish with a professional look.
A blindstitch foot and a gathering foot come with this machine. Other included accessories are an accessory bag with needle set, thread nets (4), tweezers, spool caps (4), spool mat (4), cleaning brush, hexagonal wrench, soft cover and operation manual.
While you can do that, the manual gives specific instructions on how to remove the thread, and it is more like a sewing machine in that sense. However, unlike a sewing machine where the tension is released automatically by raising the presser foot, on this machine, raising the presser foot does not automatically release the tension. In order to do this, you have to push the tension release buttons on each applicable thread and pull at the same time. It takes some practice, but it can be done. Before I figured it out, I did just what you described. This works, but for hemming you may have some problems. If you don't release the tension, you will have to sew a stitch diagonally and then rip it out in order to preserve the clean hem line. This will weaken the stitch because you won't have enough thread to tie it off. You may end up having to redo it. Also, if you lift the presser foot and try to move the fabric, without releasing the tension, you may rip the thread, which again will weaken it. So, the answer is yes and no. You can do it that way, but you may run into some issues if you're hemming. Better to follow the directions. You'll get the hang of it.
Mine says 60Hz.
according to the specifications, the warranty is the same as for regular sergers...this link will give you that serger warranty for Brother machines. https://www.brother-usa.com/VirData/Content/en-US/HAD/WarrantyDocuments/WarrantyStatements/Serger%20Warranty%20Statement%20V2.pdf
There is no setting for fabric variety. There is a dial for differential feed ratio adjustment and stitch length adjustment.
You can easily hem without a been guide. Just use the markings on the machine for your guide.
No...just wind some thread onto some bobbins and put them on the spindles instead of entire cones...at least, that's what I do. You can buy larger bobbins for industrial machines that will hold more thread and you won't run out in the middle of a project like I have done before on the smaller bobbins. It doesn't matter what kind of bobbins you use as long as they fit on the spindles.
Yes it will just make sure to read the instructions on working with thick fabrics and using the correct needles and thread. I just finished a quilt that was 1/2"thick each side and as long as you don't force the feed to quickly, it worked beautifully. I did the quilting with the dogs disengaged and the quilting foot and only broke 1 needle at a very thick seam because I pulled the fabric too hard to the right. Good luck with your projects. I hope this helps.
Yes. This is a heavy duty machine that does a good job on denim hems, make sure you use a needle for denim (thicker than other needles). I've sewn denim shoulder bags, straps, linings, and the machine performs very well. Good luck!
There are 3 inset razor blades for thread cutting, one located on the left side of the machine, above the needle area, where you can pull your finished piece to trim threads, one located on the bobbin winder, used to trim the end of the bobbin thread, and one inset on the floor of the machine used to trim the thread that you use to load the bobbin.
The bobbin is 11.5 com or 7/16 inch in height and is part #SA156SFB
No.
It has both. The pedal has to be unplugged from the machine for the push button to work.
According to my sewing machine manual, the walking foot for it has SA140 for the number. This number is for the USA/Canada number. I hope this info will help you.
The machine comes with an overcast presser foot. The overcast presser foot allows you to do seams with the serge look. The overcast presser foot is a handy little foot to own.
I have both. you can program the 9500 to come on with the needle centered or to the left and you can move the needle left or right from stitch #1 (center). on the 6000, stitch #1 just stays centered. 9500 has more stitches and the alphabet letters. that's about it. the 9500 may also come with a quarter inch foot.
Yes, I've hemmed and mended my sons without any issues
I purchased this machine based on good reviews and comments that this would be a good beginner machine. My wife had expressed an interest sewing but had never used a machine before. When she got this machine she started using it right away. She said the setup instructions were very easy to follow and she got basic sewing lessons off of you tube and loved it. She has since made several small projects and enjoys the machine very much. She would say its great for beginners.
Tension settings are never "one size fits all". And at this price you do NOT get automatic tensioning. The only way you know what works, is to test it on scraps of material before you sew on your project. If the machine is not threaded correctly, or the bobbin is in wrong, you will have problems that not even resetting the tension will help. Learn to thread these new Brothers correctly, or you'll have problems and it will seem like the tension is off. The machine will come set at usually 4, and that is for medium weight cotton fabrics. From there on, you need to learn how to set the tension.
Yes....it can definitely sew denim on the correct setting. I haven't sewn velvet but it has various settings to sew thicker materials. I am currently sewing outdoor cushions and it is handling the fabric very well. I've also sewn vinyl and it did a great job.
Yes I would. It's lightweight and powerful and has more settings than I'll ever use. Oh, and the price was right !!
This machine does have a tool compartment on the left that comes off to reveal a narrower arm for sewing sleeves and pant cuffs so yes - it has a free arm. Very nice machine.
Hi. This is a full-function machine and can be used to make clothing.
So far, it's been pretty docile when it comes to thickly layered materials, since many of my outfits, such as my Schala and FF9 'Iron Tail' Fratley cosplay, since the first had a beaded ribbon lining the sleeves and collar part; the Fratley cosplay was a bit more of a re-customization of an old jacket that my brother had torn up, along making a hat from scratch and several other items. For leather, however, you may have to use the tools made for the material. Leather is one of those materials that one should be afraid to make mistakes in, and I was afraid to touch the machine for the gillies that I had to make, since it did occasionally throw a hissy fit whenever I used it for a pair of pants that I'd made into capris.
neither it is 120V 60Hz
yes, of course, that depends on the thickness of the leather. I have been very pleased with this sewing machine.
Yes, and it works very well. Easy to use.
It was quite difficult to remove nozzle the first time. What I did was using 2 pliers, one clipped on the glue gun end, another clipped on the nozzle itself (the hexagonal part). Then turn pliers in opposite directions. Better wrap a small piece of cloth or tissue paper before clip on pliers to prevent scratch marks. The second time onwards should be easy, just use the tool provided. This was how I changed nozzle the first time. May be there is an easier way.
Yes, as Cynthia said, this glue gun uses the thicker glue sticks. They often come in different lengths (i.e. 5" - 10" long), but the width I use in this machine is 7/16" wide, not the tiny skinnier ones. Some retailers advertise this size as 1/2" wide - but they're actually just under that. Hope this helps. Karen
I believe the temp slide on the side of the gun is for the 2 types of glue sticks (high temp sticks 360 degrees to melt properly/low temp sticks 280 degrees). I use the high temp sticks because they adhere better than low temp for my crafts. The high temp also helps keeping the gun ready when you are doing a lot of gluing. It does take a few minutes to initially heat up and melt the dense thick glue sticks but then keeps them at the ready pretty well.
No
This glue gun uses standard size glue sticks. It's great!
Not sure. You might want to contact the company. You can go to www.adhesivetech.com and ask that question via their "contact us" link. Personally, I travel with and use my cheap $1 Store small glue gun in China, Europe and Japan with no problem, so I assume this one would work likewise. But check to be sure as you wouldn't want to ruin it.
As a general the answer would be no. Much of Europe runs on 208 or 220 current, which will fry your electronics without a convertor. That said, there are electronics out there which are designed and capable of running on multiple currents. Some electric shavers, for example.
No
Do not wash, do not iron. This fabric was apparently not designed for more than 1 use.
Length depends on how many yards you order. Width is 60".
It's 2 way stretch & the metallic foil peals off if stretched too much.
Very hot water, with a bleach, YES!
I do not think this is a very good fabric for swimsuits, but it might work. Lining will be needed.
The backing is soft (sort of velvety) dull gold
The shipping is combined at checkout.
Yes the fabric will come in one piece.
No this product will not conduct electricity
4 WAY STRETCH
I used the material for scrunchies . So both ends were closed but as far as I can tell it didn't fray . While sewing
No
We were not happy with the product, it became scrap. Its spandex, but only 2 way stretch
White base. Cannot be seen through at all. Can be used as a curtain if you had enough of it.
Yes, it is fabric material that can also be used for clothing
Yes and no. If you don't stretch it, it will work. If you stretch it? It will collapse the frail integrity of guipure when in tries to retain original Un - stretched shape
No. It's very silver.
No, its'n not but you can have the color chart on Brother embroidery thread chart. The chart is the same than Disney colors.
To Katz 1410 Here is what I copied from my embroidery brochure: 900 Black 001 White 800 Red 085 Pink 086 Deep Rose 124 Flesh Pink 107 Dark Fuchsia 030 Vermilion 807 Carmine 869 Royal Purple 620 Magenta 079 Salmon Pink 333 Amber Red 202 Lemon Yellow 205 Yellow 206 Harvest Gold 208 Orange 126 Pumpkin 209 Tangerine 010 Cream Brown 812 Cream Yellow 348 Khaki 214 Deep Gold 328 Brass 307 Linen 058 Dark Brown 337 Reddish Brown 339 Clay Brown 843 Beige 399 Warm Gray 330 Russet Brown 323 Light Brown 542 Seacrest 502 Mint Green 509 Leaf Green 519 Olive Green 517 Dark Olive 534 Teal Green 507 Emerald Green 808 Deep Green 027 Fresh Green 513 Lime Green 515 Moss Green 405 Blue 406 Ultra Marine 017 Light Blue 019 Sky Blue 420 Electric Blue 415 Peacock Blue 007 Prussian Blue 070 Cornflower Blue 810 Light Lilac 612 Lilac 613 Violet 614 Purple 804 Lavender 607 Wisteria 704 Pewter 707 Dark Gray 005 Silver 817 Gray I typed this, so any errors are my own. Hope this helps you. Karol Jackson
550 yards
No the rack is not included
I have had very good success, especially in machine applique in quilting. Not sure about apparel unless you are applique work. Don't use it for seams. It's for decorative purposes.
Poorly. Madiera is some of the best thread you can buy. This thread, unfortunately, must be poorly wound or poorly made ...about every third spool makes my Brother SE-400 machine jam up. It's very frustrating. I've started watching for when local fabric stores have Madiera or Sulky on sale and have been buying a few colors at a time.
Rofl.....not even close. Just bite the bullet and buy real Floriani.
Some are but most are not. All the basic green red blue ect but shades are not
550 yards
Yes they do! It's so great
I have a pe770. The biggest difference is the size of frames it takes. This thread almost ruined my machine and according to the woman at the brother dealer I took it to, should never be used in a brother machine because it is much too fine.
anything of good quality. using substandard threads in your machine can goof up the inner workings of where the thread runs through your machine. also when you do some reading about doing machine embroidery, different threads can be used for different applications.
It's polyester.
This is actually machine embroidery thread..what you are looking for is embroidery Floss it is sold in hanks not spools and usually comes in 6 ply ..you pull two threads from the hank and then do your hand embroidery..
They are silver on the underside. Which is what I am assuming you are calling the 'front' side.
The one's I bought before were not flattened. As long as they have not changed them they are normal bottle caps with color only on the outside like the picture. Hope that helps.
No, they do not have the wax rim inside and can't be used for brewing. These bottle caps are for crafts only.
Nope. They're just colored on the one side.
Metallic.
Yes you can. They stay on great as long as you rub them on from top to bottom
You need to punch holes. I got a good one from Amazon that works well. I don't think you could thread a cord through it but I just put a jump ring on it and it works great.
My compressor is rated for 58 pounds max. I purchased it from Harbor Freight . It is made for airbrushing. I purchased my hose from them as well. The hose is 10 ft. and is the cloth braided one they sell. I have had these for 2 years so far and no problems.
Connie, it depends. The nozzle has a very very fine opening. If the makeup can be thinned to the consistency of skim milk (approximate, you don't have to figure specific gravity!) without changing its makeup properties, and the thinned makeup passes thru a very very fine strainer, then pretty much anything can be applied with a .3 nozzle/needle airbrush. In fact, most body painters and faux suntan artists use this type airbrush for just that sort of thing. Keep the needle cap clean. Check it often during application. Good Luck! Ron
yes you can ,air compressor is better . because you can regulate air to the air brush
I have not dealt with cerakote just duracoat. But if the ceracote's viscosity is like skim milk then yes it can be sprayed. Just take the appropriate clean up measures on the airbrush afterwords. I know cerakote dries rock hard. I hope this helped.
To tan u may need a larger gun. Try pumping the neddle back and fourth to clean and push any left over product out.
No buddy
Couldn't tell ya, never got it to work
Yes
it is in back yes
I haven't tryed it but I don't think so. Maybe?
No this works on fabric. Felt isn't going to hold the photo. Dark transfer paper might work but not light transfer
it comes out clear but there is special paper for dark clothing
Yes you can as long as it's 50% or greater cotton blend.
This product is a heat applied transfer sheet that is applied to fabric with an iron or a heat press.
I actually own both and I have to say, I like these pens much better for doing quicker, more rough sketches but they do tend to bleed a bit when I color over them with my Copic sketch markers. The Copic Multiliners are wonderful in the sense of having both refillable ink as well as replaceable nibs (tips), however the tips do not feel as durable and strong as the F.C. pens. I'm worried about bending or breaking the tips on them. Another issue is that they have a bit more of a "rough" feeling on paper, whereas the F.C.'s are much smoother and forgiving. I tend to use the Copic pens to finish and do details. FYI : With my Copic pens I use the sizes : 0.005, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.5 and 0.7. With the Faber Castell pens I use the S (super fine) and F (fine) sizes. I was mainly referring to the 0.1, 0.2 and 0.3 size Copics in my comparison above.
Hi, I checked, and they do not pull apart or unscrew. Hope that helps.
I have no idea about ceramic...especially glossy ceramic, but they are permanent :) Perhaps under the gloss.
The ink dries fairly quick. To be safe, I usually wait a minute, just to make sure its completely dry. It all depends on what you're using them on though. Hope this helps!!
I like these better than the Sakura pens. The ink flows a bit more fluidly.
Excellent pens.did no erasing.
They work very well on most surfaces I absolutely love using these art pens and brushes!
It doesn't say on the packaging. But I'm guessing they are made from different materials to get the different effects. They are really good.
Nope.
When I used it, we made 7 shirts, but I made two of each design. I don't think they would have been reusable for us after that night of t-shirt making. So you can use it a few times, but I doubt more then 5-8. Unless you took extra care of it. After ours got all painted up, they didn't stick as well after awhile. It works great though (don't get me wrong), but I'm not sure it is realy meant for a long term use.
This sticks to cloth really good. Where as contact paper doesn't stick. But if you are using it on anything besides cloth use any kind of vinyl.
Do you mean etching cream? I use the Silhouette brand etching cream. You can buy that here on Amazon and I believe you can use other brands of etching cream, as well. You apply the stencil to the glass using transfer material, then you apply the etching cream for a specified amount of time.
The stencil material is thicker & reusable.
Nope, same blade that comes with the machine; as usual, just make sure it's sharp.
This stencil vinyl is clear, and good for making a stencil to paint sayings onto wood. However, the type of paint or finish of the wood is important, as it is hard to stick the vinyl to certain types of finishes when stenciling. Modge podge is good to cover the wood/ surface for stenciling on top of. However, if you just wanted a colored vinyl to transfer to the wood, indoor/outdoor vinyl works best In any color. If you use silhouette vinyl, use the permanent kind, as the removable kind peels up easily when you remove transfer paper, without a shiny surface underneath ( hence, the usefulness of a layer of modge podge underneath. )
The roll of my vinyl is 9" (inches) by 3' (feet or 36 inches long).
I would say yes, but if you plan on reusing it, it will be really hard. But a one time stencil use, it is perfect
you need both pieces. the stencil is the one with the white backing.
All silhouette vinyl comes off super clean and easy. Granted, it sticks in super tight, but it is not "sticky". If that sentence can make sense :). There is no tackiness to the back of the vinyl. It comes off clean.
Yes. Just make sure you put the cap on tight!
They are a clear acrylic. They are solid (not rubbery). I use them for beads and crystals and they work great. The lids are secure but easy to remove when needed.
My opinion is yes...I would use it for storing spices.
6pc. = 6
The ink will not run on this paper. I use a standard Kodak inkjet printer and it holds the ink perfectly. I hope this helps. For contrast I recommend printing in bold dark colors.
There are 50 of each, "Kraft paper" color.
You have to fold them but the crease is there
Hi Simon! These are heavier than regular kraft paper, but lighter than normal card stock... I hope this helps!
There wasn't one included in the packet or anything. There may be a similar one that would work; not sure. I used them with rubber stamps and handwriting...
The card itself is 4x5 and the envelope is larger. I measured the outer dimensions of the envelope and its 4 1/4" x 5 3/8" so your custom 4x5 card should fit perfectly!
If you are talking the traditional pens with nibs and ink cartridges, I'm not sure. You would have to be careful not to carve the paper. I used a standard bic style pen on the envelope and it worked fine. I hope this helps.
Rectangle
Not sure what you mean? Have you tried a Microsoft template? If you used any kind of template, what was the issue?
Being recycled paper, it is more absorbent than watercolor paper, but if you keep your paints a little on the dry side, it should work. The envelopes that come with them are worthless. They are so thin, they tear when you insert the folded card.
Yes, absoltely! They have a very clothlike feel. I actally used a black sharpie on a few to test and even an easy to use pain pens in silver/white as well. They looked great!
I had to wash the leaves by hand and it wash fine.
Sure! The way they package them they are nice and flat.
You will need quite a few bags, I would say 10 to 15 bags. I covered 9/ 8 foot tables just the center in a straight line like they fell from the tree, about a half foot from the ends of the table. If you want to make it look like a pile of leaves I would scrunch up a rug then cover it in a rust or brown plain fabric and cover it with the leaves that way you wouldn't need so much. You will need to crunch them up and I guess i didn't notice and smell. Hope this helps.
Didn't even try that. Don't think so
I would think they could. If you check ETSY, there are several DIY instruction on "glamourize" your leaves with paint and sparkle. Good Luck
Not paper not silk either. Some kind of floral material. They are ok.
i have not tried to write on them. For my wedding they will be table scatters and flower girl accesories. They are not tiny, but small enough (1.5 to 2 inches wide, maybe?) that it would be difficult to read anything that was written on them. Also, there is more than one color blended into each leaf, which would also make it difficult to read. I'm not sure about the absorbency of the fabric, because i don't know what kind of dye has been used on them, but painting on the numbers would probably work better than regular ink or sharpie. I recommend using these in your flower girl's basket and writing your names/ table numbers on something else.
I honestly don't know but I wouldn't take a chance with them. They have a cloth feel to them although I'm sure they're made out of some kind of plastic.
Yes, we hole punched these for my daughter's wedding. Not all came out cleanly, but just snipped off extra with a scissor and worked perfectly.
where can i find a instruction manual for sunbean sewing machine model SB1818
I think the needles are just you average size ones. But I sent my machine back because it didn't work when I got it.
Yes
I did not keep that sewing machine so I do not know if you can change the presser feet out. I wanted a more heavy duty machine and even though they described it as being something that would do seveal different things once I received it I realized that it was more like a childs beginner sewing machine. It did not have a regular sewing machine foot. It was a small plastic one and it is very small machine so if you are wanting to sew more than the basic materials I don't think it will do it. Sorry but maybe this will give you a little more information about it.
NO the tension will not hold on the stitching on any type of material. the child/adult will become very frustrated
Hello Jacqueline, We recommend contacting Sunbeam Customer Service to find out where one can order a cord. They should be able to supply one. We couldn't find one for sale on Amazon. The customer service phone number for Sunbeam is: 800-458-8407. Thanks for the inquiry!
When you manually thread, there are two ways, be sure to thread the needle from the side facing away from you. or take the needle and thread properly and then install in your machine
I had the same issue. However, I was able to find YouTube videos to help me out
It depends on the material, if it is denim, nylon, silk, polyester, polyester blend or heavy material, no. otherwise I don't know.
Yes, you have to be careful with the pedal because it doesn't offer much in the way of speed adjustment.
Heavier than a small car, but yes our arrived fully assembled
Yes. This one comes with the table, small drawer, thread stand, and very quiet servo motor.
This one is manufactured in Japan. The 8700 is manufactured in China.
Hello, Ms. Donna. I had the same question before I ordered the DDL-5550. To find the answer, I wrote an email to Juki America Inc. Here was the response (just so you can hear it from the 'horses mouth'), "That is correct, the DDL8700 is made is China and the DDL5550N is made in Japan. That is basically the only difference in the machine." Regards, Janet M. Magana Asst. Sales Manager - North America Industrial & Home Sewing Division Juki America, Inc. So, the question I asked myself was, if there is such a price difference, will there be a quality difference? I went with the 5550 and have not regretted it. I have used Chinese made machines in the Army to repair parachutes and, maybe we just had some bad ones but, I was constantly adjusting them. I've not had to touch this one yet with a screw driver. Just turn down the servo motor (if you're not used to a machine like this) and take it easy. After using this, many folks don't go back to regular home machines.
It most likely does include the pallet/crate weight but the machine and table are both very heavy. I carried them both separately up a flight of stairs from the crate by myself but it is a bit rough (I am 6' 1" and 250lbs). If you have a dolly, the table is easy to move around (without the oil in it of course) but the machine is still pretty heavy.
No automatic thread cutter. Preser foot lifted by the knee.
No, it is an industrial straight stitch machine. No frills. I use it for home decor sewing (pillow covers, window treatments, shower curtains, and tablecloths).
It sure does! It'll be standing on a pallet with the machine in the table when the truck brings it. Be sure you've got a couple of stout fellas to carry it where you need it. It is very heavy!
It is made in China now. It used to be made in Japan few years ago.
It would allow you to regulate the speed of the motor with a knob.
Mind was fully installed and ready to sew. Love it.
With a servo motor no. . 100% quiet while on..Without the special servo motor, yes. . The normal motors with these machines are annoyingly loud in the on position.
Hi Harold, both models meet basically the same specifications. The models with the letter "N" are advertised as Low Noise machines, however both machines are suitable for both professional and home use. Kind regards - george
I am not entirely sure. I wouldn't try it since it is a very a strong machine, and it can only do straight stitch none of that cute layouts of the thread in quilts with this machine
1
Sorry, I don't understand the question.
No
This machine also includes motor
Well, base on my experienced while using this since I bought it few month ago the thickness I've done yet is only up to two folded layers of a denims. I guess manufacturer should include to put this out to the manual for user reference.
no. doesn't work with leather. I work with leather and this machine doesn't feed it through very well.
China
That's all relevant. A sweat shop in Asia? Yes. An apartment in Seatte? No. It's in the basement and I could hear it running upstairs.
I'm pretty sure it's made in japan.
I no longer own this machine. However, It's for medium weight and leather may break the needle
No, it does not. The heaviest it can handle is medium weight drapery fabrics, maybe pleather and vinyl...
Yes it comes with a table
I use this glue to put flat back rhinestones on painted plastic and they stick like cement. You should have no problem with paper.
I am not sure this will help because I have only used in situations where I used the glue to build up when my project need height. Example: to give height to paper flowers and cascading flowers. I can't remember getting it on my hands or having to remove it.
Seems like compression between something would work best.
It dries about as hard as Elmer's glue... I hope that can tell you.
the item would have to be less than 3/8 " across to fit. With the Stopper in you would have about 1 3/8" depth. They Are round, shaped like a test tube. I store hand and machine needles in them.
No, tubes are too small
It will not hold many.
the inside dimemention (not including the lid) are 10mm x 65 mm
2 5/8 in L x 3/8 in dia
Yes they do!
Direct quote from the TSA website: Scissors with blades smaller than 4 inches, small needles carried for special medical needs, and other sharp objects that do not contain a blade may be placed in carry-on baggage. That said, airport authorities in New Zealand confiscated a pair of these in 2012.
Yes, I have cut a light weight terry towel with them with no problem.
One inch by 3 inch. Light weight. Excellent for taping up. That's why I purchased them.
Picture is as small as they collapse. Two handles figure 8
it depends what it's for. I use the pens for outlining and the paints for everything else.
The pen/marker says 1.2mm. The color is definitely solid, though I colored a solid glass. I don't see how it would show through clear glass. Also, you can go over what you draw/color - making it so light is sure not to come through if this is what you are looking for. I'm not too sure what your 3rd question is. The maker is thick enough to not be overwelmed with coloring in. If you are looking to do fancy text, then this may be too thick. It would write like a standard sharpie, maybe a bit thicker. :)
We sell them individually only. Hope you have a wonderful New Year!
I truly don't know. You could try on a scrap piece. The directions say bake in oven at 350* or air dry for x amount of days. You can use it on ceramic that has already been fired, but I do not know how it would do with bisque. I was planning on trying it on glass, but have yet to find the time. You might be able to contact the company and see what the max heat rating for this would be. Sorry I couldn't help you any better on this.
Not like a fine point pen but thin enough to comfortably write in cursive. I normally use fine point pens and like that type of line. Hope this helps.
I believe it would be ok because once you bake the paint (around 300 degrees), as I did with the wine glasses I painted --it is resisted to any wear from a dishwasher which is water and heat...
I think as long as it is dry you can bake it.
Are you putting it outside in the weather? I have only used on glass and bake it on for durability. The paint can be used on plexiglass but if it can't be baked it may not stay on.
I am not sure, I've only used in on glass items. Maybe micro waving the plastic glasses?
The Xyron 900 machine is a wonderful craft tool but it is not like the Xyron Creatopia machine which enables you to laminate/apply adhesive to thicker objects. Having used the Xyron 900 for years, I've found that even a double thickness of cardstock will force you to leave an area wider than your item so that you can press the area down to seal. Hope this helps.
Yes. That is the model I have and it fits mine.
Yes, this is acid free. I have one still in the box and the box does say acid free.
You'll want to make sure the laminate is feeding straight through the laminator, and crank slowly and steadily. You also don't want to try to laminate materials that are too thick, as that can also cause wrinkling.
This system is definitely NOT easy to replace the cartridge!! I always lose several inches of the film when I replace a cartridge. You must start a "lead" of the film and feed that lead through the rollers. By the "lead", I mean to get some of the film as if you have laminated something. Good luck!!
The lamination is double sided. I have personally attached photos to a piece of card stock, then laminated them. I have done this for about 2 yrs and have not seen any damage over that amount of time.
it is a little bit thicker--one nice thing is you are able to apply it without creases that you normally get with contact paper. Very durable--easy to wipe clean. One thing we found our dry erase markers do not work on it, just beads up--put post it flags are easily removed.
Yes absolutely! Either AA Standard Alkaline or AA Rechargeable batteries will work perfectly in this clock movement mechanism. I actually have one using a rechargeable AA at the moment.
Yes it comes with everything you need to attach the movement to the clock face
Yes
approx 3x3
Hi, thanks for posting your question. I don't have any information about the exact quantities available. However, I would advise that you add 70 items to your shopping cart. You will receive a message if there is insufficient stock. If there is insufficient stock, you may need to purchase the rest from another seller. I hope this helps!
I think the only critical measurements are : Diameter of shaft that holds hands, length of that shaft, and finally the dimensions of the mechanism (box)relative to what you presently have available. My clock movement is in my shop clock and works fine. Good luck.
It's 2 1/4 " X 2 1/4 " X 5/8 " hope this helps
In the description it is said to be 5/8" in length
It's crap I wouldn't buy it again
I don't know what a young town 12888 is, but this clock movement can be used to replace a wide variety of clock movements. It depends on the size (diameter) of hole through the clock face and how thick the clock is that the movement shaft has to go through. Movements have different length shafts and diameters of shaft. So it all depends on those sizes on whatever clock you are trying to replace the movement on. So quick answer maybe or maybe not, depends on those sizes. So what you will want to do is measure the diameter on your young town 12888 and match it and also measure how far it is through the face or that hole of your young town 12888 and then get a clock movement that will fit with those measurements. Remember the shaft will need to be a bit longer then the distance you measure through the clock face as to allow you to put the nut and washer on and the hands, as well so the hands have plenty of room to rotate around the face with out rubbing the face, But not so long that they hit the glass over the face if it has one.
This shaft was a little too long for my clock. In fact I couldn't put the glass back on but where I have my clock it didn't matter. I don't know the exactly size of the overall shaft.
If you are referring to the hands, the shortest hand is 1 3/4".
It clicks for every second , and you cant hear it
It is 3" long
I am not sure, but it is long enough that it is slightly touching the glass cover of the clock. I wish it were a bit shorter.
Only 4 and 6 inches but I was able use my existing hands that matched my clock. I bought the device for the mechanism not the look of the hands that came with it. Hope this helps.
As long as it fits the shaft in the center ---- YES
I don't need it any more. Thank you.
Paul, no it does not.
Removing the old movement is relatively easy. Just start taking pieces off, starting at the tip of the clock movement. The first thing is unscrew by hand the small cap (not all clocks have a cap). After that, pop off the two clock hands. After that, there is a nut or two to unloosen in the front and maybe one in the back. After that, the whole thing should be off. Regarding measuring the shaft: I have ordered shafts that are too big a few times (and had to use washers in the back to save the operation). Here's a tip: the shaft is the width of the threaded part of the clock movement. Remember: the threaded part only. Don't measure to the tip or you'll wind up with a mechanism a quarter-inch too big.
Yes. It won't be a problem at all.
Yes I got longer hands at MICHAELS, they have many different styles and sizes and finishes there also. I live in Alaska, so probably other places have other stores that sell craft items
Yes I measured our pendulum and it's also about 7 inches! It works fine with the new movement.
The shaft is right at a half of a inch, there is a few with longer shaft's. This one worked for me.
9/16'' is the total length and i wanted a threaded length of 1/2'' inch. Thank you for getting back with me.
It strikes the hour only beginning with the Westminster chime.
The min hand is 8 inches, the hour hand is 2 inches
8" wide, 10" high, 3" deep
The foam sheet is not that thick for your purpose. I would think you would be better to lay a thick carpet padding and a wall-to-wall carpet over the entire floor in the room you wish to decrease the noise from below.
No, there was no odor at all, my girls have terrible allergies and I asked the same question.
You get a pack of 10.
Its the craft foam you'd find at any hobby store, you can pretty much fold it in half without damaging it.
Sorry but no..
No
You will need several sheets, one sheet is not near thick enough.
No, just plain sheets of foam.
It seems to vary a bit over the sheet-- with a caliper I measure 2.17-2.38mm (0.085-0.093") sampled across about four different areas.
If you heat it with a heat gun, then shape it it will hold its form when it cools.
It's by the yard. You welcome.
It's like a satin material. It is really silky. If attempting to use a sewing machine with it be really careful, it treads.
It's per yard.
I bought it by the yard getting the amount I needed. I think it's about 60" wide, site should give that info. I sewed two widths together to meet my needs.
Hi. We at wholesale Partners offer free shipping. You can order 1 yard or 50 yards it's free shipping:).
What do u mean...
Pipe Cleaner Will Not fit! The hole is very very tiny opening.....
9 colours- purple, yellow , pink, clear, orange, red, dark blue, light blue, dark green ,
You would have to use a needle to put them on the yarn. Using thread would be easier.
I was pleased w/this produce but they are sold exactly as U see in the display picture. all mixed colors. try Shipwreck Beads in Washington. they can be found on line & mite have what U R looking for. (I think they R in Olympia, Wa but I know they have on line site. good luck. B
They are plastic but look like glass.
No, you do not, but the bail is quite large and I have yet to use it. It is designed for large pendants, I think.
I did not for mine and the bail did not work as expexted since the pendant did not hang properly. So you might want to try removing the old bail on one of your pendants and then see how it works. I was unsuccessful in getting this to work for what I had intended.
I had purchased this item for a similar purpose. I found it did not work as I imagined so would not recommend this item for that.
I'm not really sure what the difference between BES and BES 2 software is. I do know that when I went to a Brother dealer store and talked to them about software for my Brother PE770, they recommended the BES 2 software and emphasized the importance of making sure I got the BES 2 version. If you look at the details for the one pictured here, it's actually the BES 2 software as well. The packaging for the BES 2 is completely different. The software is fantastic and very easy to use, not to mention the savings from purchasing on AMAZON.
Yes
I have the BES2 and it is a green box with lavender sections on it with a bright colored apron on the front...it says NEW BES embroidery Lettering Software 2 -- 170 built in fonts -- 227 built in designs....hope this helps.
This is the only software I have for by Brother PE-770. I'm able to do everything I need to with this software.
For me this is automatic, I have AT&T, it was never an issue. Info feeds from one to another
Not sure you can swith after installed the 1st time. Thanks Sammt sewingmachineoutlet
can you write out poems with this software that can then be embroidered in whole
It can do an entire sentence, but beware that it is NOT monograming. You cannot change the size and it does not do well on some lightweight fabrics. You can only pick from the one font also. Except for this, i love this machine.
the size of the letters is only 1-4 high and 1-4 length they are small I like brothers machine I have 3 of them for my sewing school 1 I bought at Cosgo's for only $135.00
this machine comes with a zigzag foot, buttonhole foot, overcasting foot, monogramming foot, zipper foot, blind stitch foot and a button fitting foot and it comes with twin needles. But you can't use all types of bobbins in the machine. You have to get the ones they recommend for it. It's worth the investment.
Yes, it comes with a DVD, it weighs 16 lbs.
Hi, This is Toni, To make your life easier and for comparison purposes, key in "brother SC9500" and click on that machine with the 'Prime' listed when you get to that machine scroll down to BEFORE the listing of the off-site 3rd party sellers, underneath the 'item number and weight and length and width of the machine. It will describe the machine and give the feet... Id did NOT see the 1/4 inch foot listed. Hope this helps,Toni
Yes, it does! And it works great
excellent. all you do is find the type of buttons you want for your garment, place it the buttonhole tool and it makes the button according to the size of the button. love it
Tighten your upper tension. Also, make sure you hold your bobbin with your finger when you are threading it. You should feel a kind of catch then it is in the right place. Lastly, made sure your needle is in correctly and tight, sometimes the vibration of the machine will loosen the needle.
It tells you which foot to use when you select a stitch. I believe it's also in a chart on the manual, but I'm not at home right now so I can't double check.
No
Casing is but metal insides
Yes! :-)
I believe it does have auto tension. I bought this for my daughter, I wish she was here to answer this herself.
Jackie: I got it for my daughter so I'm not sure. We bought the "demo" or "floor model". The add said original box maybe included. She loves it!
Yes I believe it comes with at least 2 if I remember correctly.
6600
Yes
220V
greetings the machine is like new has no problem is I want to buy it but I'm from Venezuela and maybe any problem I want to answer, I would like if the base brings to enlarge sewing mode
I don't think they are. I was wondering the same thing but it sounds like they are a one stick deal.
There are 5 sheets of each of the 4 girls, 20 pages of girls to dress up. My daughter loves these books, keeps her busy for days until she has dressed all of the girls.
Flowers are the size of a quarter and are made of paper
6
I believe I got 10 in a package :)
Black scissors: Overall length 8.5" Blades are 4" Red scissors: Overall length 7" Blades are 3.5"
No, we just use a kitchen scrub brush, then wash as usual.
Sorry, have no idea what that is. Spell check doesn't even recognize it. Keeps correcting to "almond"
these are a great pair of kitchen scissors, they cut through anything, even raw split chicken breast
It can be, but it's not as easy as adjusting the blade. I had to do the same thing. You have to switch one of the rollers with the blade so the bottom of the bottle can ride along the stop plate to keep it stable. Then you have flip the little blade around. It's not hard, just tedious and only takes a screwdriver and a small wrench to hold the nuts.
It's pretty flexible. It has a moveable stop that allows you to cut bottles to just about any height for a drinking glass. I flipped it around and only the cut the bottom of my bottles off and it works for that too. If you order it, get extra scoring blades. They wear out pretty quickly depending on how my bottles you are planning to cut.
I cut a small waterbottle with the cutter and it works pretty good.
Wisconsin
I have the bottle cutter kit and it has a candle, sandpaper, and some graphite powder as well as a book of ideas as to how to use your bottle cutter. The Original Bottle Cutter is the green metal cutter inside the kit. I LOVE this cutter and use it all the time. I have made beautiful candle chimneys and holders as well as vases, funnels, and wind chimes. Print one of your favorite pictures onto some vellum paper, wrap it around your candle holder and tape it. Put a votive candle inside and light it....Beautiful!!! I make most of my stuff from old wine bottles. My husband and I and all our friends love wine so I end up with all the bottles (all colors). The tall blue bottles, I think they're 'Blue Nun', make gorgeous candle holders. Have your friends and family save all their bottles for you. The ideas will come to you. Hope this helps.
This cutter is easier to use for me. Has fewer parts, too.
I am not sure, but this cutter kit did not work how I thought it would cut.It did not perform to the level of the description. I was a little disappointed on the outcome after usage.
I'm not sure what a bottle holder is. Do you mean something like a wine rack?
No, I don't think it would work on a square bottle.
Blank, but thick-- nice, I really have enjoyed it
The paper itself measures: 3 1/4" wide X 5" top to bottom. The thickness of bound pages is about 1". When fully opened, the cover measures about 10" in length. The outer cover adds 1/4" all around. I hope I was able to help you.
Stitched
Yes
There are 108 pages the size of two credit cards plus a half inch.
The paper is very absorbent for inks , so it's great if you have a cartridge or low flow fountain pen, but a standard dip well will probably be too much ink. However its very great looking paper, and shouldn't be too big a problem especially if you put a sheet behind the one you are writing on.Great booklet only complaint is one sided leather.
yes. thank.
Approximately 200 unlined pages counting both sides. Thanks.
It's 6 inches long and just under 5 inches wide and 2 inches thick. Lots of pages, I love it.
Yes.
About 3.5 feet long
Yes,... And nicely done
59 inches long (tip of nose to end of tail) 14 1/2 inches wide at hips/midsection
It is for one pelt
Because it is 100% cotton, i would recommend pre shrinking, other than that it should be fine foe apparel.
I made a skirt out of mine and although it does get wrinkles they are very easily ironed out.
long dress, long sleeves, 60 wide fabric 3 yards, same in 45 inch fabric 5 yards
This fabric is 44" wide but approximately 1" is white selvedge (3/4" on one side and just over 1/4" on the other)
Yes, each page had a different design/color on each side. I was really happy with the color palatte and designs- better than in the photo & worked perfectly with my project!
Yes light card stock I would say , heavy weight paper
It's a typical K & Company paper pad. A good weight. The paper is kind of thick but not as heavy and thick as card stock.
The patterns are nice and are colorfast. The paper is thin so you would need to make sure you don't get air bubbles underneath. Otherwise the papers would be fine to use.
I do a lot of decoupage so I don't think so. They border on the weight of card stock. I've used them to cut out some of the shapes, etc. like die cuts. They're double sided but I do think the texture is too thick for decoupage. Hope this helps.
The quality of the paper is superb and I see no reason why it couldn't be use for commercial crafts. The paper is double-sided and very substantial. I really like K & Company papers and actually own quite a number of their designs. Hope this helps. :)
I just moved and can't find this. I'm sorry!
yes. check on pinterest. They have loads, loads loads of cricut info.
Although I have never tried contact paper it works with vinyl so I would imagine it would work just fine. You may want to play with the pressure and depth on a scrap piece before working on a large project. Good luck sounds fun.
You need the internet to use the Cricut craft room in order to create any projects.
Yes it does! They have to be unlinked though. It works with Cricut Craft Room and you can weld, enlarge, or shrink any picture, phrase, or letters to fit the size you need. I love the Cricut Mini! It works with Windows XP, too, which Cricut Explore does not. I bought mine through Cricut.com and got a refurbished one for $39 with free shipping. Totally worth the money!
i hv tried and it did not work. You need to make felt hard like stone. And you hv 2 fix it, i did it with dactape, on the mat. Warning after that cleaning mat is not easy. Final of the cut is not worth of even trying...
Unfortunately, no. That is the only thing that Cricut is lacking. The only images you can use are the ones that are from the cricut cartridges. Granted, there are a lot of images and you can take just a part of that image and use that part. If your looking to use images you already own and cut them, I would then suggest the Cameo by Silhouette. A co-worker of mine has it and uses her own images. I love my Cricut and enjoy it so much!
A mat, the computer cord, and the power cord.
I use my Mini with a Mac that is currently upgraded to Maverick.
If you are interested in working with food items, I would recommend the Cricut Cake. It is made of food grade materials. You can make window clings from vinyl and other varieties of materials, however.
The cartridges are either digital or physical cartridges you buy from Cricut. Each cartridge has images on them. If you are looking at buying the Cricut Mini I would definitely recommend buying the Cricut Explore. I bought the mini last year and I was very satisfied with it but then they just came out with the Cricut Explore in February of this year. It is by far a better machine! It is way more user friendly, it works on internet based program, you can use your own true type fonts, you can cut your own JPEG images, this machine will draw and score just to name a few. I strongly recommend the Explore over the mini! Hope this helps!
Yes!!! And just wash w/soap n water afterward &#128077;
Our chalkboards in our winery are wood-backed and they've worked fabulous. They clean up almost 100% leaving only the most minute shadow of the previous writing, visible only when looking at it extremely close.
One.
I've been using it on the blackboard contact paper. It works fine, but it will smear and rub off with handling. It would be good if it's handled much. It cleans off well.
It will a residue of what was written
I have only used it on chalk board painted surfaces and on glass and mirrors. On those surfaces it works very well.
I'm sorry, but I have not tried this product on chalkboard paint !
I have used it successfully on chalkboard labels.
I use a wet wipe to take it off a chalk board. I just tried it on a dry erase board and it wiped off.
I used a cheap hairspray to help seal the envelope - Aqua Net. There are other sprays designed to seal that you can get from craft store to accomplish same goal. BY THE WAY: The ink dries very quickly so no need to heat to attempt to speed drying. It literally dried within seconds.
No, other tools will do same job
it's not rubbery, but I'm not sure this will work. I like it, but I'm using it for cards and die cuts.
absolutely .. I purchased it to pierce scrapbook pages to install brads and jute
It is 5 1/4". I love this tool
Yes. It does both equally well. You can even use embossing sheets and/or templates from other manufacturers. You just have to adjust the plate height accordingly. Hope this helps.
Yes, I use them all the time. Love to die cut!
from what I've read, they are the same...the reason for the name difference is due to who ever is selling it. Google this question and see what you find out but I think they are the same...which is the bottom line
The Big Kick opening is slightly narrower (either 1/4 or 1/2 inch narrower) than the Big Shot, but it WILL take a 6 inch die--the platform is about 6.25 inches wide. Otherwise the machines are identical--just a matter of the color you want or the price you are willing to pay. :-)
The big Shot is larger, and the big shot can do 6 inch dies, whereas the big kick cannot. HTH.
The top tray is 1 3/8" deep. However, the lid has a recessed area to keep stuff in the top lid in the top lid. This probably uses up about 1/16". So, that leaves about 1 5/16".
there are 6 full length sections that can be divided up into smaller sections with the included dividers.
It's tiny, get the smallest lock you find. Like 1/4" or smaller.
Just lifts out. No snaps.
It's 15" x 15" including the handle and the tiny feet.
I own a cuttlebug and use the sizzix dies regularly. This movers and shapers L die works great and cut easily through cardstock.
Just the one long one that cuts and folds to make that shape.
This is not a stupid question. Yes, you can but make sure you run it through you cutting machine twice.
3-1/2 inches
Size-wise this die is approximately 1/2 inch think. If that thickness will fit through your Cuttlebug, then yes.
no this is crewel and not a punch needlework. Need to search using tapestry or punch needle work as a keyword.
i used 12 inch, this piece won 2nd prize at the tn valley fair.
Yes. It comes with everything you need except for the hoop. I bought an 8" hoop. I had to move it around a few times while working, but it didn't leave any lasting folds. I finished this project in 2 days :)
No. It comes with the piece of cloth with the design of the tree on it and all the necessary yarn and needle to embroider it. Hope this helps. I'm not making a pillow, I'd like to frame it.
It comes with the needle in the kit - I find it handy to use a floss threader when threading needles for my projects
a hoop, embroidery scissors also need to stitch the front to a back that is supplied, you can trim if you like, also need fiberfill to stuff the finishing product.
There is no difference at all. This die cutter was a gift for my daughter because she wanted to make jewelry with metal pieces but you really can do the same thing with the Big Shot. They are the same machine but The newest Bigshot has a longer platform.
The Sizzix Bigkick comes with everything you need to get started so you don't need to purchase anything extra. I own this machine, the Cuttlebug and the Grand Caliber but I use this one more than the others. I've used Spellbinder dies in this machine, as well and it does a great job cutting them out. Hope this helps.
Yes it will fit your machine.
It just means that it doesn't come with any dies. Dies are cut in a sandwich consisting of cutting pad, die, paper, and cutting pad. The platform is used under the sandwich to cut thin metal dies or to use embossing folders.
Is the handle turning? If so is the item your embossing thick enough? Sometimes I've added thick paper under my plate to raise it do I can emboss paper. If it's metal your embossing is it too thick? The vintaj thickness works great, and should feel a slight pressure while turning the handle. Hope this helps. Stick with it the machine does work great :)
I presume that by larger dies you mean the steel roll dies. In which case, I can say most emphatically yes. I bought a steel roll flower die for my wife to use with this machine and she loves it. It works perfectly. I suggest for more info that you look up stuff about these machines on Youtube. There are a LOT of videos out there by a number of different people. My wife could tell you who to check, but I don't know, myself.
Tammy, Yes to your question. Love the machine
The one I bought came with a platform that has instructions printed on it. I did buy cutting plates and a magnetic platform to use with this item
The platform measures 13" long, at the plastic part. That is without measuring the metal tabs. Hope that helps.
Yes, it contains one solo platform, one solo shim and one set of standard cutting pads.
It isn't a die, it is a plate that runs through the Sizzix machine, it cuts the window and also scores the fold lines for the card.
You can make this card with only the movers and shapers die.
The die cuts at 5 x 6 3/4 so I'd suggest using a piece at least 5 1/2 by 7. That will leave you a bit of that cuts off and doesn't have to be placed so accurately. I also like cardstock that has color on both sides and is heavy enough to give the card some body.
You do not need the extended platform; however, you may want to get the sizzix crease pad. This die has creases, and the crease pad will help prevent the die from cutting through your paper.
I think the Wizard only takes the thin dies, and so this one would not work. However, Sizzix has new flip-it dies which are called Framelits, and some are Stephanie Barnard designs similar to the one pictured.
Absolutely!!! Love it!
Oh yes, this works well with my Cuttlebug (that's the only cutting machine I have).
Sorry, this was a gift for a family member - I do not do any scrapbooking.
It would not cut at all or just cut a small portion of the shape very poor instructions.
Yes, they both go together since I have both of them.
Yes. If you look closely at the photo, you will discover that the sketchbook shown is 9 X 12 inch, which is both wider and longer than the paper you want to accomodate. This is an accurate photo, as I sometimes carry my own 9 X 12 inch wire-bound sketch book in this case. It is also deep enough and wide enough to accomodate many other art supplies or other items. I should also add that the case is slightly shaped like a funnel, with the bottom being smaller than the top. The bottom accomodates 9 X 12 media, while my 10.75 X 14 inch drawing board will not lie flat in the bottom of the case, but rides well on top of other items I have placed in this case. See my review here: http://www.amazon.com/review/R1OS5TMXFUQ4SO/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN=B005P1S7NQ&linkCode=&nodeID=&tag=
Outside dimensions are given in the product description. Product Dimensions: 15 x 3.2 x 14.2 inches This does not fit your exact requirements. The area where the handle is located includes some "lost" space because of how the handle is constructed, so 9 X 12 inch paper is about the largest you can hope to accomodate in this case. Since the case is narrower at the bottom than at the top, you could put a few other things in first, and then accomodate an 11 X 14 sketch pad or drawing board near the top of the case.
I believe so- I got it quite a while ago, but if I remember correctly, I was disappointed- the latching mechanism limits the inside dimensions.
I don't know, but I could easily fit two sketch pads, a tracing paper tablet, two beginner drawing books and lots of mechanical pencils, rulers, erasers, etc. in it with ease. It's a nice little case.
It was larger than I thought so I gave it to my daughter so I don't have it to look directly at. Me memory say it did have the word 'Art Bin' on it but it was not large letters so the sides are very open for seeing through the opaqueness into the box itself. Hope this helps.
14 1/2" x 12 1/2" x 3 1/2" not including the handle. This is a very good size for a project box or storage.
It was a gift but if I remember correctly it was like at least 11x17
You have to cut all the letters, unless you only put paper under the letters you want to cut out.
Hi,approximate die-cat size 3/8''x3/8" to 1/2"x7/8"
The letters are small. Perfect for scrapbook pages. All the letters are on one 12 1/2 in by 2 1/4 in metal plate. So the letters and numbers are all less than one inch big. I'm not sure if the die cut can be used in the grand Calibur. From the picture on Amazon of the machine, it looks like you may be able to use it with the grand Calibur, but I've never used one before. I have a Big Shot and the die cut works fine with that. The product itself says it can be used with a Sizzix Sidekick, Bigkick, Big Shot, and Vagabond. It doesn't say anything about the grand Calibur. Hope this helps.
Open the Multipurpose Platform to Tab 1 (that's the surface you'll be cutting on). Next put on top of that put a clear plastic cutting pad. Your decorative strip comes next. You can't do the whole strip at one time - just move it up and down to get all of it. The paper goes on top of the dye (decorative strip) and lastly the other cutting pad. You can cut now and it should turn out beautifully.
All international shipping Is done as per rules
You would need to purchase spacers to use this. Im not sure how much they are.
Yes, it has low and high.
Yes it comes wiyh a pointed tip and a variety of others.
I have not tried foam poster board, but it cuts regular Styrofoam prices like butter!
Not sure what type of electric you got there but its 110 volts.
You may have to add an electric plug converter.
I would use a thin blade sharp knife to remove the stamp from the wood block The purple cow could be used to trim
I bought this for my girlfriend so I cannot answer this questions from experience. I did however ask her. She said the following, "Cardboard is different than watercolor board. But the answer is still no. It only will cut through foam and wood if you try hard enough. Tell them if the watercolor board is foam based then yes, but if it has a cardboard backing then no. Some dont have backing" I hope this helps
It is a corded device. It plugs into any standard US outlet.
I use it on leather.. I have not used it on anything else.
It has 2 setting's 5W and 10W or high and low, not sure about sodering have not tryed it for that sorry. It does appear that it should work though on the high setting.
This model is only for wax work. Look for Model #5000. This is the one they sell for wood burning. These are well built tools and the variety of tips I received in mine are perfect for my uses.
I use the tool to melt crayons.... The tool comes with a variety of tips.... Yes I do believe it can melt a plastic bottle.
electric
I use it for encaustic and it works great. But I have no idea how it could be used for foil embossing.
Nope. Try some super glue.
If you use the large flat foot is works reasonably well, just practice an a strip of ribbon first. hope this helps you may want to try on low heat first and let it warm up really good first the if this don't work go to the high heat. I used it on heavy material and it worked well on high.
I found this on EHow The Provo Craft & Novelty Cuttlebug Die Cutter and Embosser is a manual die cut machine that allows users to press cut shapes from a wide variety of cutting materials, including not only paper, but also thin foam, fabric, cork, metal, foil and even wood. No matter your project, Cuttlebug easily works with thick and thin dies up to six inches in width-whether produced by Provo Craft & Novelty or other manufacturers such as Sizzix.
Yes just cut the sides to the size you want. I have found when I use these dies the card is actually not long enough. So I add paper to both sides.
Steel blade die
Hi. I believe this makes into a 4x6 card and we order the clear envelopes on line to mail them in. They're so cute. It should be able to fit a regular sz envelope tho. Hope that's helpful
Hello, The die will come with instructions only. Thank You, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
Yes, you can use this with a Cuttlebug machine, use two B plates with this Bigz die.
no. you need a big shot or sizzix machine.
Using all the Bigz Dies I cut felt, fabric, cardstock, chipboard, soda cans and wood veneers. They all cut great...Love Sizzix!
4 1/2" tall
Yes you will just get a plain tree
yes, but it makes it sound like it is going to break your clear covers, but yes it does work.
Well, the best way to answer that is to say that when I have used them I am not cursing. I have little tolerance for things that don't work. I can't say that I was jumping up and down exclaiming their sharpness, but I was happy I bought them and they work just fine.
Rinse them under the faucet if you need to then wipe with a paper towel - mine have not rusted and I use them outside but I would not consider putting them in the dishwasher
3 1/2 inches is cutting surface
I use one everyday for any project. They stay sharp no matter what I cut.
I'm not sure how thick the vinyl is, but I would say yes. They are very, very sharp and about the size of dressmaker shears. I have used them to cut through triple layers of denim. I hope this helps.
I only purchased them about 6 months ago so I cannot tell how long they will last. I highly recommend them because they work great and is very well made.
Yes
YES..THEY ARE MADE WITH TITANIUM BLADES
They cut smoothly and are sharp! Betterthan any Walmart scissors lol. I cut my hair with them :)
It depends upon the depth and texture of the meat. Hot dogs, ham slices, 4-oz. filets okay. A 10-ounce sirloin maybe not. Not being able to afford a 10-oz sirloin, I wouldn't know.
The Arms, legs and head are removable but they aren't flexible. You can position them a bit.
Hi she is 5'8 I and is a size 2 I think, and comes apart for easy transporting. Her head turns and she has beautiful eyes. We are actually using her in the photo studio as a model right now. When photographed her eyes pick up the flash and give her a life like look. Plus she doesn't complain about standing for long periods of time. The only thing I would be careful of is if you want to slide her make sure you move the base. It's a bit heavy(glass) and I wouldn't put that much stress on her leg. Really a bargain!
No, she does not.
Face looks a bit different in the photo, but is similar in actuality. Very pretty mannequin for displays.
No
Unfortunately this is the only size i carry in this model. I do sell large size female realistic mannequins made out of fiberglass but they are more expensive then this model. Here are a few links: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009ZZO08Y http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009XEBFDU http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009ZZKECU
It's just her model number.
No, this is not tan color, it is lighting set up differences. she has fresh tone skin color. Thank you, John
The rating shows customers like or dislike this product. This product has glass base, no metal base available. Thank you!
No, this mannequin has movable arms but does not bend.
yes it does.
Go to HSN... they sell a very nice grey Singer canvas bag....I ordered it and it is very nice. Also the bottom is hard so it wont tip over... I like it because I can fold it and tuck it somewhere as opposed to these hard cases....
It comes with several presser feet, 4 bobbins, and all the size needles you could need.
try the official website and also googling it for other sites that carry pats for all sewing machine companies.
no
No
yes
It doesn't monogram.
On the Brother site: http://www.brother-usa.com/VirData/Content/en-US/HAD/Consumer/UsersManual/UM_CE8080PRW_EN_6729.PDF
Yes, the outside is plastic.
yes this works on a pe 770 i used it on mine hats are very difficult and this attachment needs to be stiffer but it works if you haven't purchased i would try to find one more sturdy if can't find this will work
It hooks onto your regular hoop so it should. Good lock and have fun.
I am not sure if it will or not as I am unfamiliar with the SE-400. It doesn't work for me, I just use my 5x7 hoop with some sticky backing, I position the hat to the sticky backing and use some straight pins to hold the hat down until my machine embroiders what I want on the hat. Hope this helps you out.
I don't think it will work on Singer models however, if you contact the seller, I believe they may have some that might. These are mainly for Brother, Babylock and Janome. Hope this helps!
I returned mine because it was of poor quality
I have a Singer Futura CE-150 and it works on mine. I imagine that it would on yours. It clamps onto your existing hoop. Does your machine have the same hoops as mine? HTH, Lydia
Yes they work with this machine.
I have a single needle machine and it does not work. There is not enough room for the hoop to move freely for it to embroider patterns.
It conects to your existing hoop so it works on all machines
I'm not sure if it works with the babylock... It works with my brothers machine however it's a waste of time and money!! I just pin my hats down to my regular hoops
use something different like a jute or twine to tie back the tree limbs...this cording is for micro Macram
Yes, it's like a heavy thread, and I haven't used it yet because it wasn't what I needed. I was looking for a heavier twine. It should fuse well though.
What I bought was not that thick. I wanted it for restringing chimes so did not want thick.
It is very flexible. think of it as a fine rope. Very sturdy and strong. doesn't fray when working with it.
Yes it is very sturdy
Hi, I wanted to crochet with it too, but it is like a strong thread rather than cotton yarn. It has a sheen on it like a waxed thread. I didn't end up using it to crochet, but kept it because of their return policy.
It is the same thickness as the original wind chime string on mine. I had to replace one of the strings after strong winds tore mine down.
Super-Lon size 18 cord is 0.5 mm thick. I do not know what size 8 cord is. I would need to know what brand cord or thread it is. Thread and cord sizes can be very confusing!
A silvery-grey.... Not a bad color, but not a shiny metallic either.
Silvery Grey
Lycra biker shorts
I used for Dave costume. I wash regularly in washer and hang to dry. Been washed about 6 times now with no change in the fabric.
No
When I pour water on the fabric it runs through to the other side.
Yes they can.
Yes, it stretches in all directions, is very light weight and comfortable.
Hi Irina, Thanks for your inquiry. Unfortunately we do not carry any non-stretch fabric Nylon/Lycra fabric. The other option might be our Taslan fabric, which is usually used for outerwear. See link here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005UP5136. If you're interested please email us directly and we'll be happy to send a sample. Thanks. Plangea Customer Service 760-727-3332
This material is stretchy and thin. I do not know what kind of material is needed for a waistband, but this is similar to a thick pantyhose material. I'll let you be the judge as to if you want to use it or not.
I'm not sure how I would measure the thickness, I would have to guess around 2-3 mm, if that helps any...
Hello Mark, Yes. We do have inventory to fill your request. Please note this will be shipped via UPS Ground on the fabric roll. Thank you for your interest.
Three different machines tried and each one had a different defect. I would avoid this machine
25 year limited warranty - 5 year electronic components - 1 year on adjustments
I found that if it is factory serviced than it is restoredto the best quality possible for use. I currently own one and mine works like a dream as if it were new.
110V
110v
Yes it is.
Don't know haven't tried that yet
YES
Yes, we did it for Christmas and 3 - 63 had fun with them. The ink dried fast but don't put in dishwasher. We had some pictures on cups lose ink in the dw but not when washed by hand
Yes! I even decorated a wooden broom handle for a retiring janitor! Love them.
If the surface is nice and smooth they should do well without destroying the tip. As to the clear coat I'm not sure, we painted ceramic cups which did not require a cover coating. Sorry
I haven't had that problem. Did you get the oil based? ...and make sure you pressed long enough the first time so the black comes out thick enough? I also use an alcohol wipe on my glass before marking, and sometimes do have to press down from time to time for the black to be thicker.
I found that regular sharpies worked better, actually. It seems these markers wore off far more quickly...sadly. I have a few mugs that I did this past summer that still have designs on them. I put my cups through the dishwasher, intentionally, to test the durability. I have to say, regular sharpies work better.
I haven't used them on fabric. I have used them on cups..I was told they would hold up better than the markers. Not so much. Actually, I think the markers hold up better, just not as well as I would like.
No they are not quite comparable. The medium point is the size of a worn down sharpie, and the fine is similar to a the thin line made when lightly pressing a fresh marker sharpie. Neither one is as fine as a hard tip fine point sharpie. Hope this helps.
Hello, Yes, we can ship to Canada. Thanks
Hello, Yes, we can ship to Australia. You will just have to pay for shipping. Thanks
Mine did not, they just came in a plastic bag.
No. These are not bake on enamel. You can use them to paint on glass and ceramic, just don't bake it. If you want to bake on enamel, try Vitrea craft paint. Bake at 350*F for 40 minutes.
No, probably not, other than the oil-based pens contain a petroleum distillate, and the "water-based" pens contain alcohol.
I use them for lettering on pallets. However, if you could normally draw on leather with oil-based paint, these Sharpies should work the same way. I love them!
Yes you can use them on paper envelopes. Don't let them bleed by pressing too hard or too long. For each marker, test first so they are not too watery.
Yes. Stone is specifically noted by the manufacturer as a surface these will work on. I just made a garden plant marker by writing on a large, flat pebble.
I truly don't know as I've never tried to paint leather before w/anything. U could try it on an inconspicuous spot 1st to see how much would soak into the leather.
I have used them on canvas for wording and things that don't need much fine detail or blending/shading.
Yes they are paint...so no problem with canvas surfaces
I believe so. But regular sharpies should work and be cheaper.
Yes they do on paper. .oil based sharpies are more for non porous crafts ..I use mine for glassware or plastic crafts.
After talking wIth a frIend who has a Singer Futura I do not believe these hoops will work for you. It appears the way the hoops hook up to the machine are too different to be able to work
Yes. I have a Unity and ordered these to expand my hooping options for this machine. They work great.
I don' know. I am not familiar with that machine.
It really depends on how much you use it and how detailed your cuts are. When I first started using mine, I cut a lot of doilies and the blade didn't last as long. I no longer cut doilies, so now I'm only on my 2nd blade since 2012 and I use my Silhouette Cameo almost every day. Hope this helps!
Great question. My guess? I'm pretty sure Amazon (even for Prime items) works through lots of different distributers. The one offering the single blade may be different than the one offering the double blade, hence the price difference. I could be wrong though.
Yes, they do work with the original Quick Kutz. I like them better.
Yes! I have a silhouette SD and this blade works for it.
I was doing similar cutting and found out to get the best cut I had to blow across the blade opening after 3 cuts. It seemed to get clogged with almost invisabe pieces of paper. I was using a new blade. Oncertainly I was done with all the fussy cutting blade works fine. Been told that a blade last 3 - 6 months with normal cutting. I had used a previous blade for Six months.
To draw the sketch designs from the Silhouette store.
I bought this for my mother in law but she said this blade works for all of them even fabric.
I never heard of anyone cleaning the blade. As far as I'm concerned, when the blade wears out, you replace it.
Paper and vinyl. The fabric blade has a blue housing.
This has 3 dividers, each section measures 3", so it has 4 sections of 3" each. The exterior measurements with the lid closed are 15 1/4" L x 6 1/4" H x 8 1/8" W. The interior measurements overall are 13''L x 6"H x 7 1/4"W. I bought this last year and I like it - I use it for photo mats and die cuts for scrapbooking.
Hi, If they tilt back a bit yes, but if they stand straight up, no. Tilting back allows you to thumb through for pages and Jennifer McGuire says stand them upside down so you can thumb through the pages. If you pack them in tight, then the answer is no. Funny, I had not thought of putting them in there, but now I will.
Hi, I love it and bought another one. I am a photographer and sell photos at shows, and it holds 5 x7 photos so I don't see why it would not hold folders. Do you mean the 5 x 7 folding cards? If so, those work. I bought those at acmoore to put my photos on for gift cards. Good luck! Oh, they sell them also at Joannes if you have a Joanne Fabric near you, but they are more expensive unless you use a 50% off coupon. Take care.
Yes, absolutely they would hold CDs and with the removable partitions the CDs could be separated by genres.
My DVDS does not fit in. The best size is anything 6X6. Hope this helps
i dont know as i dont have the artbin tote on wheels they sell that here on Amazon?
Im not sure about that many, but probably can fit more than half. May need the bigger one, i use for storing medications it is great.
Given that there is approximately 3" between each section's dividers, and there are 4 spaces in the half-bin, I would think that 150-200 is reasonable. That is only an estimate, but just photos (not envelopes or sleeves) can be stacked closely or with some breathing room. I don't know about the archival safety of this as a permanent storage device for photos.
No. The inside of the box holds 6" x 6" items. Nothing larger.
I don't own embossing folders yet, but a scrapping friend does, and it works great!! She has one for dies, one for embossing folders.
No
1yard
Yea it is.
yes the Patterns are the same
Its very very thin. Easy to sew but durable where it doesnt rip easy.
I have already used mine and can't remember the width but it would work good for table overlays. Didn't like it for doing a skirt.
I do not know the anser to that question. I lined the garments that i made
no 120 60HERTZ US ONLY
I'm assuming you are talking about the lower loopers as they are not needles but are below. It is necessary to become acquainted with threading these as it can be very frustrating to have to in the middle of a project when you run out of thread or a thread breaks. It is also imperative to follow precisely or you will have messed up stitches. That said it is possible to thread and becomes second nature when you learn. There are color coded thread guides to follow and you will find it easier by taking off the free arm apparatus to get to the loopers more easily. Use the long tweezers as that is easier than using fingers . Once threaded it is easy to 'pull' new colors through instead of trying to run the machine to change as they can easily break at the knot. Tie the new color to the old and loosen the tension and just pull gently through. You will have to thread the needles and use the long tweezers makes that a breeze. Hope this helps; but practise practise practise and you will be an expert in no time and using a serger will be as effortless as your sewing machine~!
Yes you can.
I am not understanding what you want to know.
Good day. Yes you may use leather but have to be thin.The blade that comes with the machine is good for clothes,plastic and not real thick leather.I suggest that the use of a thicker standard needle will be need for leather.Also the use of only one needle in step of the two will make the job easier and a strong polyester or nylon spools to make strong threads.Then some practice and the recommended settings on the chart will do the best.High quality spools is highly recommended. That's it......
I think at the bottom side of the machine and at the top where the thread go's or if not well, call the company and they can tell you more. and sorry if I cloud't help you.
No
Yes
Did you try the company? Otherwise ask a repair place to order them for you.
You could. If you mean putting in under wires in bras, then no this is a very lightweight machine.
The cuts are only straight. I bought this and have used it a ton. However, it IS misnamed. It should be called a bottle scoring machine. The technique is to score the bottle by rotating it with only moderate pressure. 1 score bottle with moderate pressure on machine 2 rinse with cold water from tap in sink (to cool before heating) 3 slowly pour a small stream of boiling hot water (teapot works best!) DIRECTLY on crack while rotating bottle in hand to hit the entirety of the crack (use dish gloves so you don't burn yourself) A little bit at time does it, you don't need to pour the entire amount on it. A small stream of concentrated heat is what you need, not a gushing waterfall from the teapot. 4 possibly repeat cold and hot water steps 5 bottle will separate at crack and fall off if done correctly. (i also use a sink scratch guard in the bottom of the sink so the bottle top doesn't break once it falls and hits the sink) It took me a while to get the hang of it, but now I score about 20 bottles at once, and then do the water part separately and I'm done in less than 15min.
Hi Here are some maintenance tips to have the cutting wheels last for hundreds of bottles: 1)-Make sure the bottle is very clean, specially where you will score the glass 2)-Before using this tool, Add a a Very Small drop of oil on the Carbide Cutting wheel to make sure it will slide freely (machine oil or olive oil is fine) 3)-Score the glass only ONCE, never come back on a score. Carbide wheels are wear resistant but lose their sharpness when going back on a score Enjoy Kent Supplies
Yes it takes a little balance to keep a straight line but I've done a couple
No, it only works on round ones.
I cut 100 bottles for my daughters wedding and still cutting well. Have not replaced blades.
Boil a pot of water and leave the cut part of the bottle submerged for 1 to 2 minutes. Then just run cold tap water over it. Works a lot easier and faster than the flame. If it does not break when under the cool tap water it usually falls right apart when returned back to the boiling water.
I suppose it is, but we bought it to "try" to make beer glasses - it didn't work the beer glass is a lot thinner than wine bottles and they kept breaking
Is made in China, is a good glass cutter. Francisco
I don;t know, haven;t tried. Sorry.
unless you're using a bottle that's over 24 inches, extension isn't a problem. I had some tall wine bottles that at first it wouldn't cut where I wanted, but I just turned the bottle the other way and it got there.
The sizing seems to be correct. I have large hands for a women, and I ordered the men's medium. They fit perfectly.
Animal...namely sheep...very good glove.
They run small. I normally wear medium gloves and need a Large in these.
Never looked for a case...it sits on a table...sorry cant be of help
Yes, but you will need a cording foot.
yes it can just read your manual to get instructions
Yes, it's a 4 step buttonhole maker. This machine is great for beginners.
a dvd is included. I knew nothing about using a sewing machine, but the DVD is great and shows you all you need to know.
it is indented at the top and very easy to carry...
You can find compatible needles at Joanne stores.
I dont know...but most things with "light weight" in their description suggest plastic inner workings.
I can't really do a comparison, and have to admit I have little experience of seven year olds either. I bought this machine a few months ago. I can say that it was very easy to set up; bobbin winding and threading were very straightforward. The machine's sewing speed is relatively slow which I think would be a good feature for a child learning. The machine will not run away with her as some of the full size zippier machines can. I think she would also like the size. It would be easy for her to move around herself. It should certainly be adequate for anything she is likely to be undertaking for quite a while. So I could definitely recommend this as first machine for a child.
Left to Right it measures 10.5" Height is 9" Front to back it measures 4.75" (Thread spool actually sticks out the back, so if space is a concern, all another 2" or so to factor that in.)
No, it needs to be plugged in as it comes standard. I have no idea if you can buy some kind of adapter.
Regular "J" style bobbins. When I got mine I asked the same question and no one knew. We opened the box and looked at other bobbins. The J's were the closest thing. If you find out, I would like to know also. Good luck and hope this helps
Have used my machine for quilting classes and retreats for over 2 years. The first time I used it I did need to make a very minor tension adjustment. Very happy with the results it gives. Very basic and simple machine.
Yes I believe it would do fine on Velcro with light weight fabrics. The zig zag stitch should do the job.
If the Janome guard dosent fit then there probably isnt one that will.The Janome one will fit on a lot of machines but it maybe to large for the mini.I checked with Janome and looked online with wish I could be more helpful.
No, it doesn't come with a carrying case. It is about 13" in width and about 9" in height. It weighs about 8 lbs. The standard, generic carrying case is much too large unless you padded the machine with towels or fabrics. It is useful for sewing lightweight fabrics but it is noisy. I use it for travel only. For long-term use for a beginner I would purchase the Janome 509 (special order around $199) or the Janome Jem Gold. I have the Janome 509 and have used it for my beginning students as well as for myself.
A presser foot comes with the machine. It's probably a bit smaller than a standard presser foot, but I've had no problems using it.
yes it does have a drop in bobbin
Just the sleeves
Yes, to both questions. Though they're marketed as Project Life, they function like traditional 12x12 page protectors. Great quality, too.
Hi. Yes it is a package of 12 (the larger pack) but you use both sides so it really holds pictures for 24 pages. Hope this helps you.
Three. The top and bottom are an oval.
I have put these into post bound albums. I haven't had any problems. I think there are some post bound albums that might need specific page protectors but as long as you can use any of the regular 12x12 brands in that album, these will work as well!
They do claim to be acid free
Yea there are 10 pages of each design.
The pocket dimension information is available from the listing of the specific design pages (Design A, B, C, D, E, F), but they are pretty much 3"x4" and 4"x6" oriented either landscape (horizontal) or portrait (vertical). Design E pockets are 6"x6". Hope that helps!
Trying to answer one more time... The pocket pages come in different configurations and sizes. Plus you can mat the photos or cut them to fit. So it would work for any layout.
hi and yes I think it would be too thick. Sometimes I have to trim a little extra off anyway. Hope this helps
Can you tell me what the inner dimensions are? I will be happy to measure my page protectors in the morning and get back with you.
medium to heavy
Hi! I really don't remember? But it wasn't hard!! I think there was no assembly......only adjusting your table drop for the sewing machine! It is an amazing table! I love mine! It takes up no space! It fols down for easy storage if you need to make it disappear! It makes a lovely side table in a guest/sewing room when covered with a pretty table cloth!! I am a bit disabled and I had no problems with it at all!!! You can't go wrong with this table!
Hi. I'm not quite sure what you mean. The table is one height that is not adjustable. The center section raises and lowers by using a handle under the table top which lifts or lowers that section of the table top which changes the level of the sewing machine! So you can sew with your machine sitting on top of a flat table...as I do when using my embroidery attachment with my Pfaff....or you drop the center so you can sew with the plate of your sewing machine level with the table top. Hope this helps you. I truly love my table! It is a dream come true for me!
I agree with a previous response from a fellow quilter. I like the recessed area. In order to enclose the entire opening, we used a piece of the foam that came in the box to fill in the space between my machine and the edge of the opening. Works great. I love it!
19 3/4" deep X 28 1/4" high
It can't be adjusted. When the sewing machine platform is in the low position, it is just under 3.75" from the table top. When it is up, it is the same height as the table top.
7 3/4" x 18"
Sorry for the slow reply. I believe it can hold more than 20 lbs because the usual weight I put on the desk. However, mine becomes wobbly when the machine is running in full force, especially serger. I would consider some other desks if your machine is heavy and you need to run the machine fast. Hope this helps.
I have the same 'problem'...it's a bit inconvenient to change the bobbin. However, it is relatively easy to just take the sewing machine out and place it temporarily on the table to change the bobbin. It's not an 'ideal' situation but I find the convenience of the table outweighs the inconvenience of changing/filling bobbins.
It is 20" wide, 40 1/4 " long, and 28 1/2" tall. Hope this helps. I have a Janome 9700 and it holds it just fine.
Because the opening of the Shirley cabinet is a unique size and have a bevel, the insert cannot be used in any other Arrow or Kangaroo cabinet. The opening in Gidget does not have a bevel so the insert will have a lip on the outer edge and sit slightly above the table top so is not cut in the same manner as the insert in Shirley. Hope this helps! Gregg P. Sales Manager Sewing Tables By Sara
They are silver in color - definitely not plated - although I am not sure if they are the same inside and out...sorry for less than wonderful info :)
No they don't too small
Yes, and consistent in their shape and size.
Yes, I put that in my review. Very poor quality item, not what picture advertised. I'm sorry you got bit too. And thanks to Amazon for letting us warn one another. Ariel I.
So far mine have not done so, I am guessing it is due to the antiquing process put on the silver when they are made. They also make cute halos for bead angels.
Light weight
Yes they are all silver.
.38 +shipping.99 =1.37
its a man made silver that is similar to pewter. thats what the encyclopedia said..
I have a Badger 10-foot hose and it fits fine without an adapter. The hoses I find on Amazon have the same fitting. Are you sure you have a Badger hose? Sorry I can't be more helpful.
Very simple. Adjust regulator on compressor to desired psi, load paint cup, spray on test area while monitoring/adjusting pressure through the regulator on the compressor. Due to the design of the compressor, the pressure will remain very consistent while spraying. Different thicknesses of paint, as well as volume being applied, may require some adjustment of pressure. Just my observations after many hours spent with this unit....
It's really quiet and efficient. When the motor kicks on its really not load. I would compare it to about the same noise as turning a window ac unit.
You Have to Buy and adapter, its 120 Cord End, 3 prong.
I didn't have a problem with the water trap, but I did have other questions. Don't hesitate to call their customer service number. The people there are terrific, patient and will take the time to answer all your questions.
Get Badger's hose and see the questions/pict I asked/uploaded. Good luck!
No. It just kept falling off of my machine so I used it once and tucked it away in a drawer.
Yes.
I don't know the answer but it is great and provides a really bright white light. Totally worth the price and would order again.
Has a power plug to plug in the wall
The cord is 5 feet long.
Yes, it has.
Don't know...hasn't burned out yet.
Ours did.
I use mine on my Singer Featherweight and the only place it holds is the faceplate. The rest of the machine is made of aluminum.
Yes you can, no problems.
Yes it does and it dries almost instantly. Used it to mark my suitcases and it worked like a charm.
It will definitely adhere to the surface, but I wouldn't count on the white matching what you already have. It's very white. The marker is industrial and is made to adhere to anything. I used it on my tires to outline the letters, which is a new trend coming back. If you could get a sample size of wall paint from Home Depot, that may be a better idea and you'll have a choice of different shades of white. Goodluck!
I just did that and it does work pretty well. I put on two coats and it looks good. I don't think there is a way to avoid the cracking though.
Yes. Remember to give it a good shake
Honestly, this thing will seemingly put paint on nearly anything. I use it for greasy automotive parts all the time and have not had an issue... I would have to image that it would perform superbly on wood.
I'm not sure i used it on a wall
All I can say is it works fine not sure what you mean by graffiti mark
Twenty seven mm to the inch. Divide 27 by eight and you should be close enough. Actually, your best bet is to purchase the set (two) that gives almost all of the sizes you will need to wind just about any clock. Each of the ten keys are numbered so you can take that number and order the correct individual key if you so wish from Klock-kit or other supply source. Try 4mm.
These keys have multiple sizes,a different one in each arm. I expect one will fit your clock.
Anthony T: There are 5 appendages on a circular hub and engraved on the hub is "2, 4, 6, 8, & 10" . I already have one of these 5 appendage clock keys for a very old clock; however, I have been gifted some other clocks requiring keys and decided to order one from Amazon. It was a great choice and A GREAT PRICE for the two. Now I can keep the 5-keyed key with each clock (separately) and I do not have to run back and forth in the house with a key. These keys are stellar and I am impressed with the price! I hope I answered your question.
I would have to say yes because the come with 5 on each with both metric and SAE so I would find it hard to believe one of them weren't right. And for the price if you have any other clocks or plan on collecting any you will always have the right key. jde@svsu.edu
Yes. It has both metric and American Standard.
do not get the 4 way keys the diameter is too large they will not fit in the hole. get the Hermle, Hamlton #7/4.00 it fits
I am not a clock specialist and cannot say with actual knowledge, but I purchased this to fit an antique clock, and it worked fine. I had a clock maker come by who said that the key was great since it would fit most any clock.
The blades do not lock. When you carve smaller slivers are removed so the blade has less stress to close. Remember to use hand or thumb protection when pulling the blade toward yourself.
Nope, it does not.
It says USA on the smaller blade.
No they do not. I guess you could put on secondary bevels, and I've found them easy to keep sharp by simply stropping them.
I did not have any problem using the thread in my sewing machine. It worked well on denim and regular cloth.
No. I actually have a Brother CS-6000i and was sad that I was not able to use these bobbins that comes with this kit. The bobbins that comes with this kit are for front/side loading sewing machines with a removable metal case.
$28.54 is the price for a used one
It's glued on and I'm pretty sure it's not woven underneath. I would definitely not recommend taking it off! Hope that helps :)
9 inches at it's widest point, ends are not straight across, 6-1/4" depth. It has a roomy top tray, a place on lid to stick needles, a small pocket on lid for tape, whatever. There is a bottom tray. The floral stuff around outside base, is just trim. I use this sewing kit for occasional mending, hemming. It seems to be holding up well, I've had it at least a year.
Sorry Barbara I don't have it to measure. It was a gift for my granddaughter. By the way, she loved it.
It is about 10" x 12" and 10" high.
Im not sure, but probably not. They tend to smear even on regular paper if I don't let them dry. Very heavy beautiful ink, but messy if not carefull.
Not consistently
May be med +. I don't find them too thick for letter writing.
Actually I can't answer your question. My purchase was for my Granddaughter who is quite heavily into the arts. She liked them so much she asked her Father to purchase more of the same.
why am i getting this question? i am customer with same question.
No
The handle is only 8 in. high, thus an average adult would hand carry only.
No top zipper, picture size 4 x 6
No, it has no top zipper.
They are 12 inches high by 19 inches wide by 4 inches front to back. They are a nice size to carry papers etc. to meetings. Nancy
The two bottom horizontal ones will hold 4 x 6 photos and the three vertical ones on top hold 3 x 5's. I LOVE MINE. I used white out to print the names and birthdates of my 6 grand children, and I use it as a carry on when I travel. I always get comments on it and my grandkids love to see what pictures I used. I wish they had one with 6 photo holders!
plastic, great bag, just needs stronger bottom for my use
I didn't think this machine had that feature. Sorry, not much help here.
Yes, I am using it in South Africa, but you must use with a voltage converter.
I have not tried, but I believe there were instructions on sewing on buttons with the right pressure foot.
The bobbin slips into a traditional bobbin holder, which then slips into the machine. Very easy to use. Great little work horse of a sewing machine.
Yes they are the same. I borrowed a 128 from a friend and accidentally broke it. I could not find a 128 anywhere so I got the 3128 and it is the same. It just has a little color on it.
No
Full size
I use mine to hem pants to make aprons. I use it for all of my sewing needs so I would think that you would be fine with it.
No.
My granddaughter has the machine, so I can't take a look at it, but it seems like it has a few things: bobbin of course, brush, dust cover, and manual. There's a little storage drawer that's part of the machine, so I'm thinking there were some supplies. Sorry I'm not more help.
My Bonus Pack Included: Sewing machine foot controller/power supply cord, dust cover, instruction manual, cleaning brush, seam ripper, ten size 90/14 machine needles, twelve plastic bobbins, flat needle plate, 1/4" seam straight stitch foot (for quilting), built-in side cutter and U-foot used to serge seams. Plus a 25-yr limited warranty from date of original purchase against defects in materials or workmanship. You will simply love it!
It only came with a couple of feet. For about $50 you can buy a set if ither feet that covers a wide range of functions. I love my machine still after 2 years.
Yes
No
If you mean to make it more like a free arm - yes. The front section, which acts like a storage drawer, detaches so you came sew 'in the round'.
It is compact. Perfect size and weight for traveling with.
The "shell tuck" stitch would bind a blanket's edge.
I don't believe it is. Seems to be strictly US 110 voltage.
My wife says fur several reasons it just didn't fit her needs. She has the 660 in our trac trailer for sewing while on the road and likes it so much she got one for the house as well.
No. I would not buy this machine for all around quilting. I do small piece machine quilting and serge ring. I love my Janome Memory Craft 6600.machine to do bigger piece quilting and free motion. I bought Janome Jem Gold so if I am free motioning I don't have to change settings.
6 feet
Good question and after I checked mine I was surprised to learn that the description is in Spanish. I don't read or speak Spanish. However the following statement is taken from a description of the Premium vinyl from the Silhouette web site "Premium vinyl has a stronger adhesive for indoor and outdoor use. It's gentle enough for most indoor walls, but resilient enough to withstand the sun and weather." So I would feel comfortable using it outdoors since this is the Premium vinyl.
I honestly haven't tried but I would say hand washing is best.
I would suggest a stronger vinyl. Look at your local print shop. I use 751 c or 651 Oracle . I use my Silhouette vinyl for projects for tiles, that stay in the house. You can also order the Oracle on line.. just type in Oracle vinyl online. Good Luck!!!
I do not believe u can iron it on however I've never tried I think it needs to say iron on??
As long as the cooler surface is fairly smooth, the vinyl should hold up well. Silhouette rates the product's outdoor longevity at 3 years.
Haven't tried it, but I would think you could.
No but there is a product made for that purpose, Silhouette 12-Inch Chalkboard Premium Vinyl. Sold on Amazon at a very reasonalbe price.
I tried using it as removable stencil and it tears very easily. I used it on a glass bottle - hope that helps you?!
It is like a matte finish on a photo. With just a little gloss to it. Hope this helps
If you don't mind having 2 seams to get the size you want. Assuming you make the calendar 45" wide by 30" high, the two seams would run horizontal with two long 12" sheets, then the third 6" sheet for total height of 30". Benefit to having horizontal seams is that you can write continuously across without running in to a seam. If you are using liquid markers for more sharp writing or designs, then you'll sometimes need to wet board a bit to clean it off. Just dry it well at seams if you stuck it to a surface that is sensitive to moisture. I would think the seams will be visible but maybe they can be hidden by any creative calendar borders. You can definitely achieve this if each day of the month is 6" high. I hope this helped. If it doesn't work, you can peel off and reuse for other projects.
It should, I punched a star in mine just to be sure and it worked fine, its very thin
Probably not - but you should be able to hand-wash.
No this will not come off cleanly.
12 in.x 4 ft./30 cm 1.2 m
Do you use it on the mat or are you trying to just put it in the machine. If you are using the mat it should stick on the mat and you should not have a problem
I thinks so. This was bought as a gift for my daughter.
It doesn't specify on the packaging and I read the inside just to make sure. It says to store in a cool, dry place so I am guessing that it is not designed for outdoor use, but not 100% sure. I used it on a water bottle and have washed it several times by hand and the lettering has not come off. Hope this helps.
This is hard plastic vinyl. One side is sticky.
Liquid chalk works best, its a plastic surface.
Hi, I don't think the Cameo and the Silhouette are two different machines. I see only references to the Silhouette Cameo. The Silhouette program I have shows only a 12 x 12 mat but I believe you can cut roll vinyl with the machine. The program lets you scroll way past the mat. It goes to 35 inches. I have the fancier Studio Designer version which has side rulers. I see on Amazon there is a 12 by 24 mat available. I also have a Blackcat Cougar and it has a place to set mat size. The Silhouette mats are rather thin. My Blackcat mats are a lot thicker and more forgiving. My Silhouette now lives at our factory and my Blackcat is at my home. I haven't tried a Black cat mat in the Silhouette. I can't resist in telling you I found a way to redo the stick on the mats. I think the sticky on the Silhouette mat is waterbased so it can be cleaned off with soap and water. When it is clean, dry it off and spray a thin layer of Sprayway (name of manuf) No. 82 mist spray adhesive. Spray it outside or wear a mask. Make sure to let it dry as it can be gooey when wet. Amazon sells this spray stuff. I am absolutely thrilled to be able to keep my mats at perfect stickiness. I can easily remove buildup of the spray adhesive with paint thinner.
I always keep that mat! But, maybe you could try a piece of parchment paper or get a cheapy plastic placemat from the dollar store to protect the sticky layer of the cutting may.
I never use a new mat for thin paper or velum I use an older mat with a little less stick and use the spatula to help lift the image very carefully.
one mat
Its the same product, my problem is that the glue on it doesnt stay for long time, in spite i clean i spray another glue, the quality start to fail.
He 12x24 mat is better for the fabric I've read but with this one I've never used it with fabric
I would first check the blade to see if it has a nick in it. Even the slightest damage to a blade causes problems. Second, check to see if there is paper or glitter stuck in the blade. Glitter is fun, but tough on blades! Third, I would make sure your depth setting is correct. Could possibly be too deep, thus making a mess of your paper. Hope this helps
Yes, if/when it starts to lose tackiness, wash with soap and warm water to regenerate it. I have even used stencil adhesive on mine to bring sticky back. My pets have helped with crafts too much so some fur had gotten pretty embedded and it was easier to buy new than hand pick it all off. Lol!
Yes, I have used them w babyville pliers and they work great. The Kam snaps are much better than the babyville snaps, too.
I sent a message with my order number in after I submitted my order. I got the correct colors.
I don't think these would fit that bill, then. They are snug and secure, and have been washed snapped together without coming undone. Perhaps you want a different style closure, suck as a small piece of hook-and-loop tape?
I believe 20 is the largest I have but I believe they go up to size 22
Half and half. The owner said they were plated but it wasn't on the package and he cannot verify. He also did not know that in the U.S. there has to be a certain thickness for it to be qualified as plated.
Yes
They have holes
What mm is hole?
No. Hole in bead too small for 1mm cord
I should tell you up front I do not know what key sizes fit what clocks. These 14 keys do have a square shank. They are numbered 00,0,1...12. The 00 is the largest (maybe 2mm or so), then 0, then 1... to 12 the smallest. I measured the 2mm just using a ruler so it is prox. The 12 is very, very small. Less than 1mm for sure. Wish I could be of more help.
These will not work for any wall clocks i have ever seen. They are tiny. Great for pocket watches but not clocks.
No, they are for a pocket watch
These are for pocket watches, not clocks. For clocks, search for clock keys.
A little less than .25 in.
Yes, it works great. I use it on mine
I use it strictly for free motion quilting. I could not use the foot pedal and keep a consistent speed. My thread kept breaking. Now , I am able to control the speed as I am quilting and getting better results.
Control, cord, and velcro strap to atach to your control arm. When you order one, you are requested to provide the type of machine you have, as there are little controls inside (compartment opens in the back) that have 4 different adjustments which are set to work with individual machines. I have a Janome Horizon, and it works with mine. However, that said, I just checked the "instruction" page that came with mine and the 1600P Janome is not listed for "my" Grace speed control. I woiuld contact Grace on their 1-800 number and ask them specifically. They are very helpful. Whoever you buy it from should ask you what machine it will be for so you get the right one. Good luck! I plan on saving up for the speed regulator....for free motion quilting on a rack, I am finding that it really is needed. It's like learning to use cruise control on a car for the first time, but much, much harder!!!!!!!!!!
I use this Officemate punch for motorcycle service manuals that use 7 hole binders that appear to be spaced just like the Monarch style pages that Maggard is referring to. So far it's been working fine, and I'm quite happy with it.
the 2nd,3rd and fourth hiles are minimum an inch apart. The 1st and 5th can be adjusted half an inch to the next hole punch.please see posted pictures.
I bought the punch and used it for 5 hole evenly spaced punching. The punch worked fine punching paper and plastic dividers. My pagers were 9.5 by 7 inches. You will be able to move the punches to where they need to be to fit your paper. However, there is no paper guide to line up the paper for each punch with less than full page punches, making it necessary to develop a repeatable system yourself for consistent punch location. Are you cutting the protective sleeves to 5"x3"? Lining up punched holes may be a little messy, however the punch does cut the plastic fine. I have my doubts that the clear protectors will size and punch to fit your binder and still look nice. Before you buy I think you should tell me just how and what you are trying to punch and let me give it a go. If it works great. If not you just saved a bit of cash.
Yes
9/32" holes. Standard hole punch size.
The punch will work fine on A4 and on B5 if you are not punching a whole sheet. A hole sheet may not line the holes properly for a binder that is longer then a standard sheet of paper. However, if you are using the B5 sheets cut to smaller sizes for your project it will work fine. My only advise about the punch is that there is not guide bar to place the paper in the same spot each time. To remedy this, I place one of my end punches not in use in a position where its inside edge is my placement guide. I use a 5 hole page of odd size with this punch. It works great except for the mentioned design flaw I don't like.
I have successfully used this item for off size pages. It works fine. However, it is not a punch and go like a three hole punch. There is no adjustable paper guide for various paper sizes. I have a 5 hole and I used the 2 extra punches on each end to use as paper guides. But like I said, it is a good punch with that one flaw.
yes it will, works great for many things.
yes, it's possible. you have to use the "flip" method. set the 3 holes on top of punch and then flip the page and re punch. you can't set it so that all 6 holes punch at one time. It works on my Filofax better than it does my Franklin Covey. On Franklin, it's more work to move the heads around and get them to line up. hope that helps....
Double sided removable Velcro tape may work for you. Sewing section if bought in a store.
Each weight is half an ounce and there are 12 weights in the package.
There fabric pocket that surrounds the weight is longer than the weight, so there is a portion of fabric that is available to see through, so te weight can be sewn onto a shower curtain.
They are 1 inch by 1 inch.
one in each bottom corner. put up and see how they hange.this is for light weight.if they fly around to much put two in each corner.
hi- I don't think these should bleed. I put mine on my curtain bottom in the garage, as a privacy curtain when door is open. These are pretty heavy weight and the lead material should not bleed, they are covered by a fabric layer too. I used my hot glue gun to attach and it worked great! I hope this helps
Yes
The machine does not actually cut the metal. It will emboss or etch depending on what plate you use. It will cut through paper and card stock. The Big Kick will work with sheet metals up to about 26 gauge. You will find many manufactured blanks; or you can buy sheets and design your own. They do not have to be Vintaj metals only.
nope
As far as I know it is the only one that cuts metal.
From everything I've read, they are the same machine, just painted differently. I just ordered the Vintaj edition from Amazon for ~$55. Seems to be the same as this but less $$. I also ordered one die & the platform for thin dies for a total of ~$77, including Prime. I'm just starting with all of this so hope I've used the terms correctly! I'll get my order Wed., so ask anything else after that! My plans are to use it for metal blanks/jewelry.
I have used it with paper and card stock. It works really well. Have not tried it with fabric, foam, or anything else. It prints/embosses on certain metals nicely too. Its very useful. I use a dye with a pillow box shape, with a crease pad and it gives me awesome boxes for placing small gifts inside!!
It will emboss/etch paper. If you have cutting plates it should cut too. I have not tried it on fabric so I would not be able to answer that one.
I've never tried fabric, but it does cut thick card stock and thinner cardboard.
Yes, it will cut fabrics as well as paper. I have used it for fabric leaves & flowers for a number of projects.
You need to check the details but I see that it says...Included with the BIGkick (Vintaj Special Edition) are a pair of Standard Cutting Pads and the Solo Platform & Shim... So I believe it DOES NOT bring anything else. You can buy them separately through Amazon, EBay, and local craft stores. Hope this helps!
The Deco Emboss and Deco Etch dies are 2 1/4" wide...so the vintaj blanks I use will fit in them. The clear plate that you sandwich the dies between is 6" wide....which is about the same width as the space on the Big Kick. Hope this helps.
you would need to be able to connec the silhouette with a usb so on a ipad no. if a tablet has a standard usb port and you download the software directly from the site than yes.
I have done cuts as small as 1mm and they come out perfect. So far none of the cuts I have made have fail. As long as you have the Blade number, speed and thickness settings in the right numbers you won't have any problem, it does take a little practice, but there is a lot of videos about it. I always made a test on a scrap of paper.
Am not using Illustrator but use Paint Shop Pro. You can use any image/design. I use .jpg images. You will need to experiment with the Trace feature to get your cut lines.
Dual voltage - I bought it in the US with 110V and I am using it abroad with 220v
It is made in China, unfortunately. Mine has a little stamp on the back that says "Silhouette America" and directly underneath it, it reads "Made in China".
Yes you can cut glitter card stock if it's thick glitter card stock it has to have several passes to cut, but it will cut. It's the same for the chipboard it depends on how thick it is but it will cut it with several passes.
Yes
Yes, here's info I cut and pasted for you: Freezer Paper Stenciling on Pinterest https://www.pinterest.com/.../freezer-pape... Mobile-friendly -... Pins aboutfreezer paperstenciling on Pinterest. See more about apparel crafting,freezer paperandsilhouette cameo.
You would either import your drawing from another program or draw it in the cameo software the machine comes with. From there the machine would cut where you tell it to.
Not easy as paper. You need special bounding material to stick the fabric with cutting mat. Also you need ironing before start cutting.
I am looking into it right now because mine has started doing the same thing
mean that the heater core is shut
Don't recalled any warranty ,,,, it gets the job done there has been no need for support.
About 50lbs+ another 4-5
You can work with this heat press without a problem
It's in Fahrenheit.
Yes
No, 110 only.
Mine won't stop popping the manual reset. This thing would be a lot better of it wouldn't take over an hour to come up to temperature and me baby sitting it with pressing the reset button every min.
Yes
Hi. No. This doesnt weight more than 10 pounds. I hope this helps
This items box size 13x10x9
if this is the same as my mug press the temperature is factory set and does a perfect mug time after time after time and never messes up.
No you use sublimation ink and paper. I don't think heat transfer vinyl would work.
No, it gets too hot! And the belt does not adjust well to other shapes! I had a hard time with the mugs.
Yes if the glass mug is for sublimation you can use it
Unit weighs 9 lbs / 4.08233 kgs
I use 350 degrees most of the time. I press the mug for 4 minutes.
I can add an accessory to another model of cup?
More like 9 pounds
110 & 220 W (bouth).
This press is not for printing its for heating what up what you have already printed. If you have a sublimation printer then you can tape it to a mug, put it in the mug attachement with this press and heat it up to adhere to
Comes in 2 boxes, 1 is approximately 2.5 feet square and a smaller one about 2 feet square, press and accessories in larger box, cup press in smaller box. Weight for both about 90 pounds.
Sublimation is transferring the ink. It requires a special ink and paper. Look at www.conde.com they have a lot of information.
So you, Plugged it in, connected the heat plate and flipped the switch on the right side? If it is not even turning on by the switch, did you check to make sure that outlet is working, if it is then something is wrong with The machine, Send a message to the seller, if you got it from mix wholesale they were great to work with. Good luck.
It depends. If you are doing heat transfers, then you can use almost any inkjet printer. The preference is usually an inkjet printer that uses pigment inks like the epsons. However, that is not required. Many people use different types of inkjet printers with success using quality heat transfer paper. It has just been my experience that the printers using pigment ink seem to give better transfer and color quality. If you are doing sublimation, then your choices are limited to certain epson and ricoh printer models. This is because as of now you have to use the SawGrass sublimation inks. The have the patent for this right now and most vendors that used to produce alternative sublimation inks for epson and ricoh have went out of business or stopped due to pressure from SawGrass. However, there are a few vendors here on ebay that do sell sublimation inks. I assume they have an agreement or licensing with SawGrass to do this. If you want to go cheap look at the epson c88 or wf30. I have the wf30 and use it for all types of sublimation items - mugs, steins, keychains, luggage tags, license plates, etc. with great results. I got my wf30 for less than $100 bucks. I used to use gercutter sublimation inks which were awesome and a fraction of the cost of sawgrass inks, but they stopped selling their own sublimaition ink. So now I use two vendors here on Amazon - NDI and A Bowl of Cherries for sublimation inks. I prefer the quality of A Bowl of Cherries, but it is more expensive than NDI. NDI still works good for me, so when money is a factor I use them. I still have not used SawGrass inks, and the main reason being price. A single sawgrass ink cartridge in any color for the wf30 will cost about $70. It will be more for the higher end printers. I have seen it cheaper on Amazon for about $40 - $50 dollars. But I would still be looking at at least $220 dollars to buy cartridge sets. I do a lot of sublimation printing and at that price I would could not afford to buy replacement cartridges and ink as quickly as I would need them. With the NDI or Bowl of cherries ink, I get the equivalent of about 5 -10 sawgrass ink cartridges per color. That makes a difference when you are competing on price with other vendors. Even though business is doing well, I am still not at the point where I can spend $300 - $400 dollars to replace my ink cartridges as I would have to do with SawGrass.
24 inches wide by 21 inches high
I use the workforce wf-7010 with a ciss system and sublimation ink. the paper i use is B006H5X6VM this is the code.. this paper i used for mug, caps, glass, and white t shirts. for color t shirt i use 220889070991 this is the code but i buy it in ebay....
It comes in 2 boxes 1) 15 * 13 * 11 2) 21 * 21 * 20
Are you using mugs for sublimation or just ceramic mugs?
I believe so. I'm mainly doing custom tees & onesies and use my regular ink jet printer for everything. I've done mouse pads with ink-jet, as well. If you are using the "transfer method" by printing on transfer paper than ink-jet is what is used.
Ours did not come with any either. I just had to play with it. I did find some videos on youtube and some helpful others not.
No
Yes
Not sure exactly but probably around 40-50 lbs
I used it on regular outlet 110
The pressure isn't marked (but I'm sure it does). However, due to applying pressure the clamp mechanism on mine broke 3 times and I had to take it to a machine shop each time, then the cord burnt out and I got a new at Radio Shack and then the heat element died and I bought something else. I spent more on fixing this thing than it cost.
I don't know. My plug burnt out. Turns out it was a universal plug and I got a replacement at Radio Shack. The cosing mechanisim of this press broke several times and I had to take it to a mechine shop for a custom made replacement piece. Then the heating element blew. I trashed it and got a 15x15" clamshell as that style is better made and takes up less space.
It works on fabric - but you may want to read the instructions for sure.
The only instructions I have were the ones that came with it - you may want to try emailing the store online and I am sure they will send you something. It took me a bit to figure out the instructions - but once you do it is pretty simple and it works great for me.
A year
53"x48"x52"
I ultimately just tossed mine in the garbage for similar reasons. The machine is pretty much a piece of junk - good as a starter to see if sublimation is what you want to do, but not good for much else.
Yes, It is possible.
Dear friend, I am so sorry that we only sell the machine in complete set. Hope you could understand. Best regards
Hola. Tiene un peso de aprox 50 kilos
you need to ask the seller I am someone who bought it but mine came as a set so I am guessing they wont break it up
not sure, but I have had mine about 2 months been working great nice for the hats and mugs but if you do shirts have a 15 by 15 press on hand
Sorry, don't have mine anymore, but as I recall the press plate is about 12 x 12 inches, give or take, and the whole thing is probably about 2 feet high. Hope that helps. The box it all comes in of course is much larger, and it is very heavy.
Only if you are located in FL, as this is where we are located.
No but some of the time the whole design do not transfer and ends up ruining the shirt and design. I sent this back they said they adjusted it and still have the same problems with this machine. would not buy this again. I had a swing away and it was better than this model.
I sent mine back.
I use mine on 350 so it doesn't burn material or leave a burn mark it is a 15x15 heat press not sure about base size if talking about bottom of press I would guess about a 10x16 over all size 15x18 or 20
It's not evenly heated. I sent my back. It ruined quite a few shirts. Hope this helps.
They do not pack the machine well. They don't crimp the wires well. So one must have fallen off. All my wires fell off. I had to figure it out.
Mine beeps until I close it then stops and starts count down and then beeps again
Sounds like a warranty problem. I would contact the maker.
Loved it, but it died after only a year of occasional use.
I wouldn't think so. Unless they can withstand high heat
You need to have a Sublimation Printer with Special Inks and also you need to purchase paper that is designed for Sublimation. We own a Ricoh printer 3100. We purchased the Printer, Inks and Paper from Coastal Business for $550. You can also get them from JDS Industries. The mugs will cost you about $1.25 each and you can sell them for about $9.99 The paper will cost you about $26.00 for 100 sheets and the inks are $60 to $80 each, CMYK. Hope this helps
Yes i will gladely semd you a copy if you give me your email address. dannypeters@gmail.com
11oz mugs work great in this mug press just try not to make your image to big. I set up my graphics on an 3.25X8.5 inch canvas and set the temp at 380 for 60 seconds. If you have any other ? just ask. I dun about 2000 mugs and i have to mug presses.
I use it on ceramic mugs, aluminium travel mugs and aluminium water bottles
All you need to do is buy the cuffs. You can get them all here. This model actually came with two cuffs...One for mugs and the cone on for latte mugs
There is not one listed on Amazon, but I have found the manufacturer's listing on aliexpress.com for the item, and in the listing it gives an email address to email if you want to purchase just the heating element. The manufacturer is Fujian Auplex Appliance Co.
No. You will need a specific and dedicated printer for sublimation. This sublimation printer uses both sublimation paper and sublimation ink.
Yes. It works. That's actually why I bought it because you certainly can't do travel mugs in the oven with a wrap. Don't ask me how I know.
No
Yes
Yes. One side is color. The other side is white.
My pack of Origami Folding Paper has some white sheets. There are about 8 to 10 white sheets along with some very light colors. Also, the reverse sides of the colored sheets are light, almost white. I hope that helps.
The origami sheets are 5.9 x 5.9 inches (15 cm x 15 cm). There are 180 sheets of many colors. I hope that helps.
Japan
Box says made in China
If natural beeswax is vegan, then yes they are, if not, then they aren't vegan. Hopefully you don't plan to eat them just color with them. They are great crayons.
I do not ave the package, so I can't verify : but having used them, I can tell you if it isn't beeswax, it i something cheaper, possibly paraffin. Soy wax would be better but it is a little soft for crayons. These are usable, but do not expect a bright color. . The aso do not mix well with other wax based paints: they sit on top, and disappear into the previous layer without making much of a difference. If you are looking for organically pure crayons, you won'y find them in this box.
No. Possibly a light natural beeswax scent, but definitely nothing noticeable.
Yes, the colors are so intense that my daughter preferred using these over colored pencils or markers even in 6th grade. I believe there is a peachy color that would work for Caucasian skin and some variation or two on tan/brown that could work for other races. I am going off memory, though.
These are not washable with just water like crayola washables.I use magic eraser to get it off the walls .I haven't sharpened them yet.
No. When it dries, it is a solid and is not water soluble. It can get wet but it will not revert back to a liquid state. I have used it on ribbon and it had gotten wet, but it did not harm the glue. Hope this helps.
I used it to repair a broken small wooden sculpture and it worked perfect for that. I haven't tried it for jewelry making, but imagine it should work.
I would say no because I have used water to thin this glue down. It is also easy clean up with water. I think the water would just infiltrate the glue. Also I would say it would not be the right type glue for underwater items.
4 inches
I'm not sure, but I measured the circumference and maybe you can go from there. On the inside of the pegs, it measures 8" around, exactly. The outside of the pegs measures 10 1/4", strangely. Huge difference! But the pegs are pretty thick. hth
Yes, there is a groove for your pick. Makes knitting so much easier! :)
The loom comes with instructions for making a flower with rafita(?spelling? ). But you use the same principle using any type of yarn. The only thing I did not like is you can only make that size of flower. If I could do it again, I would have bought a loom with adjustable sizes.
Hard to say as it depends on how stretchy the material is and how tightly you made your loops. However, when I make anything on any sized loom, I allow for at least one-third shrinkage.
Mine has held up well and even left them out in the snow...been a rough winter and not much fade to them at all.
I used it on my patio umbrella. Didn't get the best results, but fabric is definitely stronger and closer to the original color.
It will definitely cover the gray. My cushions were flowery and although it didn't cover the deep details of the flowers it definitely covered the everything. I was impressed with the outcome.
Yes and I love it... I will order again.
Unless the chairs are fabric I wouldn't recommend spending the money on this product. There are better quality options for metal, plastic, wicker, etc at your local home improvement store or Wal-Mart for example. I used this product for a standard back and seat fabric patio chair and it took one full can for a single cushion. It did not work well at all and I followed the directions exactly. It made the fabric rough and stiff. After weeks of using it still rubbed off on your clothes and I had to use towels until I could have the cushions recovered. I would not recommend this product for fabric even though that is what is supposed to be made for. Certainly wouldn't spend the money on spray painting stackable chairs when you could use Krylon or other reasonably priced spray paint. Depending on the size of the chairs Krylon paint should paint at least 3 or 4 chairs easily.
We typically ship orders within 1 to 3 days of receipt, or up to 4 business days for those received after noon on Fridays. Holidays may delay this to 5 days. Delivery time ranges from 1-10 days, depending upon where you live.
I used it on my dining room chair seats to change color from light cream to Burgundy. It turned out to look more like a rose color than a true Burgundy. However, if you are looking for red, it is not red. I was very happy with the way this stuff works and will use it again. Hope this helps your decision.
I was very happy with this product. I used this on the chairs for my office. The chairs were originally pink. The color of the chairs now matches exactly to the can.
http://swalefandson.com is a top U.S. based wholesale feather supplier. You don't need to own a business to purchase from them but they have a $100 order minimum. For smaller quantities, http://continentalfeathers.com is a good retail company to deal with. Very friendly. Both companies offer peacock feathers just about any size up to 50".
I don't know where these are obtained, but I do know peacocks molt substantial feathers. My cousin had a neighboring peacock living in her yard and it molted probably 50 just in her yard.
they were all identical -- they looked exactly like the one that is shown in the middle
The actual feathers were wrapped in a clear thin bag. I order 100 total so each bag consist of fifty. Then the outside envelope is one of those heavy secure ones that require scissors to open them with inside bubble wrap. Hopefully that helps!!
The ones I received some of the feathers are small not in length but the eye meaning the end. But I am using them to put on invitations so it was ok to have different sizes.
Dear Customer, Thank you for your question, our package will be shipped out via USPS from China within 48 hours after the payment done. The package will take estimated 10-16 days to arrive to its destination usually. Is there anything else I can help you , have a nice day.
Yes. I used them for my bridal stuff/grooms stuff and they worked great. You will probably have to trim them to the length needed but yes, for this you can definatly use them. They are very beautiful.
I bought mine from china. The description was in inches from one posting and cm on another they ended up the same length. With peacock feathers the eyes are what is used. The length comes from trimming down the white parts that actually keep the feathers in the bird. I don't know what your situation is or what you are using them for but in my experience these feathers were missing a lot of eyes!!
No, this item is not prime eligible.
Well, they mostly vary. They aren't all cut the same size. Many are 6inches, some extend to 8. But none of them are too short where they aren't usable for crafts and such. Most are between 6 to 8 inches.
Yes, as long as they are the same size. Some folders are bigger. Just make sure that the size is correct for your machine and you will be good to go!
The smaller folders need to be use on smaller pieces of card stock. I cut squares the size of the smaller folders, emboss them and then layer them with foam dots to pop them up and give dimension to the card.
Can Sizzix and cuttlebug embossing folders be used in the Cuttlebug?
Everything in the picture came with my order
Penguin is 4 1/2" x 5 3/4" Tree is 2 1/4" x 2 7/8"
Yes
If they are an open stencil yes , embossing folders no.
These are actually plastic folders that you place the cardstock or paper or whatever you want to emboss into and run it through an embossing machine like a Cuttlebug or Sizzix. HOWEVER....I think you could try placing what you want to emboss on the one side of the folder and use a stylus or embossing tool to push into the indentations to create an embossed look....NOPE....sorry...I just tried it and it DIDN'T work so well because I couldn't see where the design was to know where to push the stylus. You definitely need to use an embossing machine.
Impression embossing here means the paper or material you are using will have the imprint (impression) of the design from the folder being used. In this pack there are four smaller folders and one of bigger. Hope that helps?
Yes you can use these
More shiny than brushed. The nailheads are definitely shiny so they are different than the strips. They don't quite match.
The product is a strip and there is a spot every 4th or 5th nailhead to nail in an individual nailhead. The rest of the strip are fake dummy nailheads that dont actually have a post.
No these cannot be used on a pillow. They are basically tacks with a decorative head. They need to be nailed into wood or similar material or they will fall out/off.
Hi Kayla, I've purchased these strips several times and the nails have always been the same color. I'm sure you could spray paint them but don't think you'll need to.
they are 1/2 inch
It is about 15 feet- more than enough for the queen headboard that I just made for my wife- and they look great.
Not cotton or silk. Doesn't stretch either, so it must be polyester. It is easy to sew.
Smooth like silk.
I use the fabric for the interior of presentation cases and is very nice for this but I don't think it would be good for curtains.
I love the fabric it's beautiful and great quality. It is thin but good quality
It is a bit lighter in weight, I think. The nap rubs off with repeated friction so it may not be the best fabric for a chair. It is also very difficult to sew and even a low temp iron left marks on the front of the fabric :(
Yes, absolutely. Please select number 4 in quantity box to purchase one piece of 4 yards.
No, it does not have any stretch to it and has more purple in the Royal Blue than I expected, but it's still very nice.
Hello, Yes, we do have many in stock ready to ship. Please see shipping cost when you put this item in your cart. Thank you very much.
There is one sheet...slightly larger than a sheet of paper. It will do about 30 or more round Boy Scout badges. I have used,it for years now on my sons sash. However, I like to still add a few stiches around badges on shirts and items that get more use and the great thing is, that it does not move around while you are trying to sew. I love it!
Sheet is about 8"X12"
I have used this for all the badges for my girl scouts and boy scout regardless of iron on or not. It sticks right to the badge and then right to the uniform. It's so easy.
I have not tried it on those fabrics before, but I will say this product sticks. Unless you plan to wash, wear the item a lot or plan to try to "unstick" it at some point, or have a really thick seam (like using it to hem something), it would work fine on those surfaces.
Yes, it is a very stout double sided peel and stick adhesive.
I've not done it myself but it seems like it would adhere to leather very well since it sticks to my fingers like crazy and everything else.
Yes
It is pretty sticky so I think it would.
Yes it does. I use in a coat i have. Judy
I have never personally had to do this just yet, but I did look it up for you...and this is what was said: "To remove any adhesive left on the fabric, spray the household solvent called Goo Gone, or the original version of Goof Off, (Not Goof Off 2) onto the backside of the fabric in the badge area. Make sure to thoroughly soak the area with the solvent. Wait for 3-4 minutes and wipe the residue off the garment with a paper towel from the front side. Then re-apply the solvent from the front side and blot the excess into a paper towel held onto the back side. It helps to use an old toothbrush to scrub the stained area as the solvent soaks through into the paper towel. Repeat this several times until you do not see any more adhesive. If any residual adhesive is still visible, repeat the soaking and blotting process. In stubborn cases, use of a stronger solvent such as the original version of Goof Off, (not Goof Off 2)may be required. There may be a faint ring left on the fabric after the solvent has dried. This will come out in a normal wash cycle. You can either wash and dry the garment and then apply a new badge over the area or just wait for the solvent to completely evaporate and then apply the new badge. If badges have been ironed please note that ironing melts the Badge Magic adhesive and the iron can push it into and even through the weave of the fabric, making it harder to remove. Therefore, it may take extra soakings to completely dissolve the glue. Dry cleaning at a cleaner that uses the perchloroethylene cleaning solvent will also remove the residue from the fabric." I got this info. from here: http://www.badgemagic.com/faqs_front_end/index.cfm?fuseaction=list_faq_para&cat_id=3&detail_id=19&nav=1 I hope you get the sticky stuff off with no issues! :)
I did not have this problem. My dish towels were quite absorbent, even though they are very thin. I also do not use fabric softener when I dry them.
These towels are made in Pakistan and distibuted by Sam's Club in Bentonville, Arkansas.
All edges are hemmed EXCEPT the selvage edge. The selvage serves as the finished edge.
Yes. That would be a great use. Plenty large and not too thick.
It is very simple...I love it. Select the buttonhole symbol. Use the buttonhole foot that is included. Buttonhole size is determined by whatever size button is used in the slot on the buttonhole foot. Then you just press the sewing pedal. The machine automatically bartacks on each end and stitches each side. It also stops automatically. I guess the one step is putting on the buttonhole foot.
The machine was designed in Europe, developed in Tokyo by Janome Japan and is made by Janome Thailand.
Order Janome bobbins. All Janomes take the same bobbin. Local Janome dealers will have them in stock. Also a selection of presser feet.
Soft vinyl..I bought a fabric case..you could sew a case..my students like this machine as they are hello kitty fans..also pretty tough basic machine..
On the top of the machine is a plastic panel that flips up that has a picture of all the stitches.
It seems to be an adult sewing machine that just has cute hello kitty decals.
Yes, the foot pedal is sturdy enough for adult use. I would say this machine is a bit difficult for kids to use because the rod holding the thread is a bit flimsy so it is more difficult for my kids to use due of the lack of tension on the top thread for the first few stitches.
no speed control slider but with reverse button
The middle button us the stitch length. Nit starts at 0, which U.S. for the buttonholes. Then goes from 1 to 4, it will do a very small stitch to a large basting or gathering stitch. This machine us also the same as a regular Janome model...it's just the hello kitty decoration
Yes, it comes with a foot pedal. It also has a couple of feet and a thing for button holes. There are a couple of bobbins included too. But the bobbins are not like Singer bobbins, so you need to stock up on the bobbins that fit Hello Kitty.
It comes with a foot pedal, but does have the option to run from a button as well. The feet are snap on style and the machine comes with 4 feet: ziz zag foot, satin stitch foot, zipper foot, and an automatic buttonhole foot. This is a great little machine. The one thing that I didn't like is the plastic presser foot holder (the part that the feet snap onto). I bought a metal one to replace it. You can find that here: http://www.kenssewingcenter.com/janome-low-shank-snap-on-presser-foot-adaptor-p-30964.html?utm_campaign=googleshopping&utm_medium=product_search&utm_source=googleshopping Definitely worth the $13!! Hope this helps!
Nope.
The machine runs smoothly and cleanly. The only things that can be annoying are that you will need some additional lighting and it does have a very very high pitch whine (if the whine a t.v. makes is not audible to you then no problem). Otherwise, I love the machine, it is easy to use with the needle up/down option, many stitches and it's light weight but not so light that is slides around when you are sewing. The ladies in my quilt guild always smile when the see it. By the way, it is the second one I have bought having given my first one to my niece who is using it for her home economics class and other projects she has come up with. &#8807;'&#9697;'&#8806;
Yes my grand daughter loves it
The box says it is made in Taiwan/Republic of China. That being said, it is a well made little machine.
Yes
It comes with four bobbins, a package of three needles and two additional feet (three total). The machine is lightweight and a bit smaller than a normal machine so it is easier for a child to use. It has a lot of fun stitches for them to play with. Our 10 yr old loves it.
It is exactly like the Models that have 50-60 stitches. it just has Hello Kitty on it. I bought this for my Grand Daughter and I have used it also. It works great.
I don't know. I did not keep the machine and returned it. Decided I wanted something different.
They are 2-3/8 inches (6 cm) tall and 7/8 inches (2.2 cm) in diameter.
Hi, the base is 7/8ths of an inch.
the order I received was all one size
approximately 7/8"
They are shipped from China. Start looking for them after a month, they'll get there eventually.
They are real feathers, but in terrible, horrible, awful condition! Seriously tattered, unusable and looked nothing like that picture. Don't buy them.
I don't know how anyone could answer that question since shipping times would vary tremendously depending on exactly how far away you live from China. Best advice is save your money, they are not as advertised.
Tough to answer because it all has to do with how much glow you want. For bright glow, my guess based on past use would be two ounces for 20-25 sq ft. Another concern, even application: Don't expect an even glow; expect to see brush strokes and drips (in glow mode). The best way to minimize that is by doing several thin coats, not just one application, and to mix your batch constantly - stuff settles really fast! I use clear acrylic paint. Also, it is very bright, not suitable for a bedroom. Great fun is to stand next to your wall in the dark, turn on and off the light and see cool silhouettes.
It will work with nail polish. The particles are denser than water so it needs a thicker medium to keep the particles suspended which nail polish would be.
Hi, try to mix smaller amount , powder and concrete, and see. That is what I would do. It could work, my only concern is color of concrete , if concrete would be transparent, but it is not.Just try small amount, I have faith, that it could work.
Yes, and it works quite well for it.
The daylight color of this pigment is an off-white/light milky green color. Also, called invisible pigment; because of its light day color and brilliant green glow in the dark. There are other green pigment on the market that is a darker green during daylight, but does not glow as bright in the dark. The color stays the same when mixed into a clear medium.
I am sorry I have no idea, I purchased it to use with glass and fusing, it did not work for me with that project idea. Donald Martz
A general rule of thumb is 1/2 oz of powder to 1 oz of paint. However, the less powder you use, the fainter the glow, the more powder you use, the greater the glow. Also, it is best if you add the paint to the powder, rather than the powder to the paint. Good luck!
There's a good chance it will mix however I did have to make a very thick mix to get it to glow well. Like most glow stuff, the initial 3-30 minutes can be very intense but quickly dies down to a more dim light that will last for quite awhile. If it's absolutely dark, this should work well, otherwise like most glow products, light will wash it out easily.
I don't believe it's safe to consume. I wouldn't feel comfortable doing that.
Yes, it can. We used it for a school logo- we scanned it in, and then converted it to a cross stitch. You basically import the photo file name, choose what size of cross stitch fabric and stitches that you want to use, and then assign thread colors to each part of your picture. A nature photo might be tricky, just because there could be lots of colors and small stich areas. The fewer the colors and simpler the picture, the easier it will be for you. Good luck!
Yes, PC Stitch 10 works flawlessly with windows 8.
The program converts pixels to stitches, as best as I can figure. It does not does not import as if a sketch, only as blocks. Backstitch lines can be added later.
It does pick the colors, I haven't used it in awhile, I think you have the option to do it either way. It tells you the companies like DMC floss when it assigns colors.
Yes. This is easy to do. When you open for a new design, you are asked the number of stitches across and down.
Not for the demo version. After you pay for the full version they will send it to your e-mail. If you don't see it in you Inbox folder, then look in your Trash folder.
I have used both an older version which I thought was easier, and I have used 10, didn't have trouble with color. Did you try reloading the software?
If you are looking for a way to turn a photo or drawing into a rectangular graph of colors, this program will do it. You can define your palette (the colors to use) or use the floss colors provided, the density of the picture to number of stitches, and size of the pattern. Printing out is easy to do - you can define your print size by the number of pages or the number of stitches per inch of paper.
No
Unfortunately this software is designed for PC's only.
I'm new to airbrushing as well. I got a hobby compressor from a company called Harbor Freight. It's a small thing, barely makes any sound, and gets good reviews. You can get a whole airbrush kit from them, but I wanted multiple brushes and a gravity feed one, so I got this brush for cheap. If you have a harbor freight near you I suggest stopping by, take the brush with you even, and match it up. They're small compressors, and very simple. Look for one with the moisture trap and pressure regulator on it. They sell it without the pressure regulator on it, and you'll want one with it rather than buy one separately. You can get the same basic compressor on here as well, but from Harbor Freight they've always got coupons online and in flyers, or sign up to have them mailed to you on their site even. You also could simply order it on their website if you DON'T have a Harbor Freight store near you.
This brush is a double-action... To make the air flow you press down on the button. For the paint to flow you then simultaneously pull the button backward which opens the paint flow from the cup. If your old Duff brush was a single action all you'd do is depress the button. Double action brushes allow you to control the flow of paint and air so you can do different effects. Broader or smaller circles and lines, etc. I assume you're running food coloring through which is very thin? The principles are essentially the same though.
Really not sure what you mean by needles. It has one needle installed in the body of the sprayer. There are no others
Yes
The same thing happened to me. You need to put a hose clamp on it.
Just the gun, small wrench, and an eyedropper for the paint!!
Hello there I used my Badger hose on it and it works great. That is a nice brush for that low a price Robert, hope this helps you out. Calvin.
As long as one end is a 3/8 and the other end fits your compressor any hose should do. Its not a expensive airbrush so no need to go out with an expensive hose.
I don't think so. You control the nozzle blast by the pressure on the trigger valve and the time you stay on point.
Yes, this airbrush is able to be completely (and easily) disassembled.
What seems to be the question?
My understanding is that the SQ9000 and the SQ9050 are the same. Except the SQ9050 has 20 more stitches.
I am unsure. I am guessing not.
It is extremely easy. To program the monogram feature, you push a button to set it to sew the monogram stitches, choose the number of the stitch you want using the stitch selector, and then push another button to set it. Repeat the process until you have the word you want programmed, and then you can double check for mistakes using another button to review your stitch selections. If you have made a mistake, you can easily delete and re-enter your stitches. Then you slide the speed dial to maximum and hit the start button. Very easy!
I would say no as it has the standard 110/120 outlet.
According to the Brother website and several other sites, it IS a free arm machine.
The inside diameter is less than 2mm. I hope this helps.
No the largest cord I can get thru it is Hemp Cord........I use this combination to do a lot of the wrap bracelets.
I have never noticed an odor of any kind and I have ordered many polymer clay beads.
yes they do...I have made several beautiful pieces
Green is a press board material the table is #4 plastic and the bins are a #5 plastic. Very sturdy, my 4 year old stands on it occasionally.
Have had no problem with this, if the top wobbles it sounds like it is warped.
About 3ft 5
Absolutely! I bought mine for my 3 year old to play Play Doh. Takes up a lot of room in our apartment, but worth every penny
We have the stop from the little tykes desk, that works perfectly.
No
3 to 5 years old
They are 13" long 5" high and and range 3-5" wide.
3 feet 4 in. X 2 feet
No it does not - the chair is not included with this play table. The chair in the pictures came from the Little Tikes table and chairs set sold separately.
You can substitute size 20 and also you can buy great deals on Ebay and the site Kam Snaps. I know it would be nice to support Babyville but they get their snaps from the same vendors
Depends on which pattern you choose. Probably could even do two from a single yard so long as you are making a small size. I have not been crazy about the instructions from this book.
There are 3 patterns for various stages of growth. If there is a joanns near you, you can look at the book before you decide to purchase.
Yes and they also include patterns for the absorbent pads
not sure what a Go cutter is, but it works with my big shot and will also work with the cuttlebug. They do a great job!
The label on this item states that the sizzix BigKick, BigShot and the Vagabond can be use with this item. I don't know how the Sizzix's older machine works, but people are using this die with the cuttlebug machine. Sorry, that I couldn't give you a direct yes or no answer, but I do hope that this can help.
I have not used it to cut felt, but believe it would be lovely. Of all of the sets of Framelits I own, this one is my favorite and, most used. I have a good friend who makes beautiful cards and this is her favorite as well.
I have a currie bug do I used an A B and C plate to make the cutters work
These are framelits which is a very thin die. A sizzix die is the same as a spellbinders die. It will work with the same "sandwich" you would use with your Grand Calibur, a base, cutting pad, paper, die and the last cutting pad.
Yes. All thin dies can go through the Cuttlebug.
I haven't tried felt, but it is supposed to. I have heard others using die cuts for felt and other material.
Yes
The Framlets have to be used with either the Hot Shot, or Cuttlebug, or Sizzix. The machines will cut the shape your using. Hope this helps you. Thank, sue
Yes it is. You'll need a "C" adapter plate though. These work great in my Cuttlebug!
I just store mine in the hard plastic see-through sleeve that they are packaged in. Since it is hard plastic, it is all you need to store these dies and it keeps them safe!
The approximate die cut sizes are 1 1/4", 1 5/8", 2", 2 1/2", 3", 3 3/8", 3 3/4", and 4 1/4". No 4" circle.
I don't think so? I have a cuttlebug but have used a big shot, and it seems as long as you're using the right plates you should be good. It's just a normal metal die
Hi Eleanor, No it won't work in the original machine. I just checked the Sizzix website for this item and it doesn't show that machine as being compatible with this die set.
Hello Susi!!! 1 1/4", 1 5/8", 2", 2 1/2", 3", 3 3/8", 3 3/4", 4 1/4"
Yes, you can use just about any die on Big Shot machines. I have the smaller Big Shot and they work great.
They do punch hearts
The widest part is 5 3/8" (that is on the cutting edge) and top to bottom is 4".
Definitely, I use it with the big shot!
They are individual hearts in different sizes
I haven't tried it through those materials, but I have tried it through 3 layers of cardstock.....I used my Cuttlebug and ran it through 3 times (just back and forth actually) and it cut beautifully. Chipboard and leather might be a little too thick for a framelit, but it would interesting to try.
i haven't tried, but I don't see why not if you use a Big Shot or Big Kick machine; but I would only try a single layer of fabric.
If you can make the right sandwich, you should be able to; the old Ellison machines are basically like the Big Shot machines. However, your school probably only has two clear platforms that you sandwich your die between, so you'll have to purchase a platform to be able to cut these thin dies.
No
I would imagine so. I have the Big Shot, but I use other dies with it as well. I truly think they would work. Go online to Pinterest and ask. They can tell you for sure.
Normal Iron. Yes, there is instructions but it is inferior paper and I could never get it to work.
I have used this product and you can use an iron but it comes out way better on my heat press cause it gets the same amount of heat consistently. If one spot cools before you are able to pull off shirt, it will stick and then is hard to remove.
Yes, as long as you get a good transfer paper (Avery) but not with JetPro
I just bought the paper and than I used regular color printer with regular colored ink. I was happy with the results, and my project was fairly big, I had to make 10 T-shirts for kids with their names in the back and logo in the front. I hope this helps!
These are metal gold plated. They are very attractive when added to the peace. They add a very soft and subtle hint of gold. Great buy I might say myself.
yes after a few weeks of constant wear they will and do tarnish to a dull color
It will take 24 to 26 gauge wire easily. A regular head or eye pin can be used also quite easily. Hope this helps.
yes, i have used them many times and very happy with this product
They are gold and just great.
I would say you could string around 8-10 /inch, that depends on the size you want though too. They do work quite well. They are a nice addition to jewelry making.
I'm sorry I do not know. They are pretty though and have held up well.
It's 56" wide. The length depends on how many yards (36"/yard) you order.
The zigzag runs on the wide side...is that what you mean?
As I recall it did come in one long piece.
I do not think it would be considered an outdoor fabric.
Sure is!
Yes. I ordered three yards and it was all one piece.
I found my invoice and it was through Amazon but from Fabric.com I loved their fabrics.
It comes in one yard lengths. Tell them if you want a continuous cut if you order ore than one yard
It wasn't 11.20 per yard when I purchased it. It was about either 8.98 or 9.98. I'dhave to look. But the most expensive fabric I got had veggies on it...wasnt worth it...this fabric was worth it...Beautiful!
I believe when I purchased it, the description said 100% cotton.
Hi! it came in one solid piece. It is a beautiful print!!!
I was able to order how ever many yards I needed which was four I believe. It will tell you if they don't have enough for you. Really beautiful fabric and nice! Highly recommend.
there is one of each 6, 4, 2, 1, 0
The price is not for a real kolinsky but they really do the job, are very comfortable and good cuality.
Perfect, good flow, hold their shape. Very nice. Be sure to get a brush cleaner though.
Hi! They are pure sable. I like them much better than syntetics, they keep/suck water great! Price is right also, at the store you pay 30-50% more.
long...normal watercolor length...I wouldn't use these for oils
It's 12" wide by 6ft long
it isn't supposed to go though your machine at all. It is used to transfer your cut image from your cutting mat to its final destination... ie putting vinyl on the wall or freezer paper onto a t shirt. It doesn't matter what brand craft cutter you use. I have a crapcut, but i don't buy provotheives brand products, so I did my research and it is the exact same product. You can also buy it for less money if you go through the manufacture directly, through their ebay store.
Yes u can see through it. Great product.
Red grid on adhesive part - the paper is blank.
Yes you use it to transfer multi piece cutouts to clothing ( vinyls, iron one etc) to maintain the pattern. Unless you are using an extremely delicate fabric, you shouldn't have a problem using it with fabric.
I didn't really understand your question. This is to apply vinyl to glass or walls for decor. If you are applying vinyl to the kitchen cabinets then yes it should work. I personally use repositionable contact paper for my vinyl projects. I hope this helps.
No this is not for use with heat transfer vinyl. If you're looking for something to put over heat transfer vinyl get some Teflon sheets.
Neither. This is for transfering vinyl to other surfaces. Not heat transfer.
Yes, you can re use it.
Yes it has paper backing... with a placement grid.
Primarily smaller and thinner. Approx. 1-3.5 inches and 1-2.5 inches wide
I think 30 to 40 pine cones I am afraid i may have added a few to that stash I also found them mostly one type of pine cone.
I think there were about 20?
A regular pen would work, but you'd need to be careful not to press too hard and rip the paper, it's very brittle. I've used it with students for years and the best thing is markers. I've used sharpies (which bleed through) and Crayola markers. If you're making something you want to last, I would also recommend laminating it.
These sheets lay nice and flat and do not crack. Very nice quality!
Same thing happened to me. However the papyrus was for a school project so when it rolled up, we "went with it" and turned it into a scroll and tied a ribbon around it. Good luck!
19 gauge wire went through easily, 16 gauge did not. I hope that helps.
No they don't.
Yes
No, they will not fit on a Pandora Charm Bracelet. They have a smaller hole diameter to be strung on Tigertail Beading wire for jewelry making. Hope this helps answer your question.
These butterflies will work on Beadalon Wire and the flexible nylon that stretches. I use Beadalon Flexible 7 Strands, Craft Series Bead Stringing Wire, Nylon coated Stainless steel, Diameter 0.018", 20# break, Any Color, 30ft. Length. On the spool, it tells you what size crimp bead to use on the ends, to secure it and add the clasp. This spool says "Use crimp bead #1 or tube #2. I hope this helps!
Don't really understand the question. Whoops! I just saw it - "Butterfly". No, not compatible. Sorry.
2 3/4" by 5"
I think it depends on your geographical location. I watched a Santa Fe artist do a demo once, and he related how the dry climate in NM meant a hard-paint palette. You get used to paint acting a certain way, and to the amount of water to use as you go along. He said he was startled when in San Francisco Bay Area, having pre-filled his Watercolor pans with tube paint, he'd closed up the pallette in a hurry without waiting for the paints to dry out before leaving for California (and used to dry climate drying them really fast in his normal day-to-day). He said he plunged his wet brush into what he thought would be the dried colors he was used to, and smooshed WET paint everywhere, then realized why that had happened. Being a Bay Area person, I'm wondering if putting the filled pans in a warmed/turned-off oven overnight would help them dry properly. My preference in a travel palette is for dried paint. Not sure how the plastic pans would react to a warm oven (that is, BARELY warm; heat to 250' and turn it off, place the filled pans on a cookie sheet and let the dry heat do its thing til morning, when they will have cooled off. Probably your warmest window would do the same thing, but take longer. Plus Mom will kill you if you get wet paint on the curtains. (!)
Yes, and yes.
I think half pans are all the same size and mine from a different manufacturer fit fine. This is a nice box and great for the traveling artist....highly recommended
Closed : 5" x 2 and 3/4"; opened: 5" x 8".
the width is approx. 4.75". If you open the lid and the tray inside fully it is about 8".
They are clips to hold in watercolor pans.
You have to order them separately, and they're held in by a metal lip that can be bent to fit slightly larger or smaller pans. I haven't tried to add a middle row, but I did put an extra pan on each row, giving me 14. I also lightly sanded the mixing areas so that the paint doesn't bead up as much. It's a really nice little box.
Hi! I assume that half-pan and whole-pan sizes are the same across all manufacturers, but don't know. I would suggest you contact someone from a local Dick Blick or other art supply store that carries VanGogh pans and ask. I was able to purchase some empty plastic half pans and whole pans through Jackson Art Supplies via Amazon, which fit perfectly into this watercolor box and I filled them with the watercolors of my choice from my tubes. I am quite pleased. For reference: http://www.dickblick.com/items/00327-1009/ Hope this helps.
The top edge of the bottom of the box, the removable pan holder edges, and the edges of the flip out are very cleanly cut and sharp, but not thin enough to be 'razor sharp'. I have not and do not think I could cut myself on any of the edges. Hope that helps.
I have no idea? I am assuming that it wont unless it is a very very fine powder almost like baby powder... either way it will ruin the airbrush. Maybe a cheap airbrush without a needle in it would work ( can get a cheap Badger airbrush at any hobby store for about $10 ) or buy a sand blastig gun...but that may require a larger compressor due to the needed airflow to siphon the media. Again I would assume it wont because the compressor cant supply that amount of airflow.
On top of the air filter is a black knob you turn it, some push down/pull up to lock/unlock so they dont accidently get moved, just pull up if it is locked to unlock the knob and turn it till the needle gets to the pressure you want ( keep tapping the airbrush button to let air flow as you do this to get an accurate reading and allow the needle to adjust in the guage properly) then push the knob back down to lock it in place to maintain your pressure.
Since my purchase a year ago I have successfully used Model Master Enamel, Tamiya Acrylic paint, and Model Master Lacquer when painting small 1/72 scale plastic aircraft models. Thinning to the correct viscosity proved easier to learn than I had thought. This is my first airbrush. I am very diligent in keeping the system clean. I flush with thinner/solvent very quickly after use. If the brush must be more thoroughly cleaned, taking it completely apart can be a bother.
yes it has worked for me,if the paint is thin enough you can spray just about any thing with this set up.
The unit I purchased is a single piston unit (as pictured). This is my first airbrush system. I paint 1/72 and 1/35 scale models. I have only used one of the 3 air brushes. I found that I learned to use it without difficulty. The compressor provides (for my use) ample air at a steady rate. I would expect a twin piston would be more suitable for tasks requiring more CFM's of air.
Very portable. The compressor weighs less than ten pounds. It comes with three different airbrushes, but unfortunately I can't answer your question about makeup.
0-150
No
Manufacturer claims say yes. Go for it.
Yes
Check your book. This was the one listed in my book for my Brother machine
As far as I know the majority of the foots now are plastic. I used this foot to make four quilts for Christmas and was used it almost everyday for two months with no problems.
You would have to purchase it separately. Hope that helps you.
Look in the instruction manual. It will list the compatible parts
Yes and works great
Beads are measured using a tool called a sliding bead gauge, a type of caliper rule. A caliper rule is a measuring device which consists of a pair of jaws and a ruler. The top jaw is fixed, and the lower jaw slides down the length of the ruler. The jaws can be opened and then clamped lightly onto a bead to accurately measure its size. Beads are typically measured in millimeters, although many bead gauges provide measurements in both millimeters and inches. Bead gauges can be purchased at most craft stores or online. Seed beads (small beads), however, are usually measured in terms of the number of beads that can fit on a given length (usually one inch) of string. This is referred to as aught size and is written as "number/0" (eg. 11/0, or "11 aught", meaning 11 beads will fit 1 inch). There is an inverse relationship between the aught number and the bead size:the larger the aught size number, the smaller the bead.
Sorry, I just pulled mine out. Yes they are glass. I was a little disappointed with them but they are glass.
I don't know what the actual mm is, but they are about the size of the tip of a pencil eraser.
8mm Guess, but unless I see in real life pictures are deceiving. Since it 50 piece mix is why I guessed 8 mm.
I know that you can stick a 16 gauge wire through the bead if that helps.
6 mm and 4 mm and some 3 mm.
yes, the floss can go through them. on the note from jessica the color on the beads are on or around half of the bead the rest of it is just clear, but i still like them and i love the crackle look.
No. The hole is too small
Last I saw they were $4.50 for 100pcs.
Yes. They are beads so they have holes so u can string them.
Yes you can use Duracoat and Ceracoat. I use both quite frequently. You will have to thin the mixture a little more than recommended, however it will not affect the finished product. I have done several firearms since I purchased this airbrush kit and all have turned out great! Some applications are nearly a year old, on firearms that are carried daily and there has been no issues with holster wear or knicks.
In the picture you'll see a clear container immediately below where the air hose attachment is. bleed the water off with the unit off. It's pretty straight forward
Yes you can, I use acrylics all the time for painting models and other things =) I just thin them with water *depending on brand* to get the right consistency so paint will flow out with out spattering.
I used and never over heat and the time frame depend of the use and the surface to paint, I used for small surfaces in a limit of 1:30 hours and worked very good for me. I don't know if this can help you.
I think so it worked for me atleast ...I used water based paint...I have used the model car paint with industrial type thiner and it works perfect...hope that helps..
Yes, but know you inks...
Once you the psi yes it's is automatic
Hmmm. Strange. Can you give me a little bit more info. I'm not sure what you mean by air coming out the side. Terry.cobb@gmail.com
No but the issue is with the regulator. Turn it to a low pressure then to a high pressure. If the compressor still keeps running your regulator is bad.
no oil at all.
This bag is 16 oz. It's not small. I'd say the bag itself is about 24" by 12" and about 9" thick.
Yes. How many are you thinking? If I can get an idea I will make sure I have them available. Usually only takes a day or so to get. Hope to hear from you soon. Also, I do carry the 10 pound box of the fiberfill. Larry
It would but this is loose and fluffy rather than in the flat padding/batting usually used for quilting. The same company does make batting of the same fiber which is available here at Amazon. You may want to check that out before deciding.
About 1 bag for a standard sized bed pillow. 1/2 bag for a small/medium throw pillow and judge from there. Also, keep in mind that if you are looking for a firm pillow, this is not the fill for that. This is extremely soft.
Can't say it would work too well for 'snow'. I'd use a cotton filling with glossy glitter spray.. As for the amount I'd say four or 5 bags.?
This bag (assuming the same one I bought) would be enough for 20+ small teds (:
I'm not actually sure what you are talking about. Are you wanting to put a speaker in a stuffed animal (or whatever) filled with the poly-fill stuffing? The speaker might be muffled by the all stuffing to tell you the truth.
In my experience, if this poly-fil is used for a throw pillow that gets leaned on with moderate use, the pillow will flatten within just a few weeks. (It's great for some items, but not for functional pillows and such.) To fill the back cushion for a sofa I would definitely use a higher end product - something that pros use. Check with your local shops for tips or search online. Or even better - perhaps you can get a cushion cheap at a thriftshop or on craigslist or on freecycle or an excess stock/floor model from a local store, then just cannibalize it for the stuffing!
my guess is that this material is somewhat flammable so probably not the safest thing to have around on lights.
Not sure, but the company's # is 1-800-980-8000. I've called them before with a question on one of their products and they were very friendly.
This Hv65 Molding Latex is so great I have made many items I am getting ready to buy a new gallon of it. If you are talking about Latex coating the gloves that you have if you stuff them and then use a sponge brush on the latex and apply thin layers and let each layer dry yes you can when dry use some powder on the so thy do not stick to each other
I do not use this product for mask making, I use it in plaster restoration. It is perfect for making lightweight slip molds of ornamental plaster details that are in place, specifically ceilings, it is very dense and sticks well, 5-8 coats works great although still drips. I keep all molds for repair purposes, they take up little space but will stiffen up over time so I keep them wrapped in plastic to remain pliable. They will reproduce details and cast perfectly, but get a little tough and not as flexible so a little care is needed not to tear in thin areas. I've got a shelf of molds, some must be at least 6 or 7 years old and still cast well.
I made cement molds with mine - I guess it really depends upon how big your masks are and how thick you want them. I was able to make about 10 molds.
There is a product made specifically for your needs. I think I saw it at Home Depot or Lowes. Do a search that includes the words "tool handles" and latex. Hope this helps. I have not used the product yet, but intend tu use it to make a leaf mold.
Yes you can, I use it all the time. Make sure you wash them thoroughly after each use to get all the surplus concrete and dust off.
No Robert. The product will degrade after a short period of time and become gummy and sticky. This product is strickly for casting other types of materials, in my opinion.
It is after it's totally dry, but while wet the smell can be pretty noxious. I would definitely not apply it directly to the face but if you are making a mold than it should be fine. I made a couple masks myself and have worn them for short amounts of time and there's been no problems. Hope that helps
I have been using mine to attach bling and feathers ect. Occasionally I get ahead of the glue but its works 100 times better then the last one I had.
great flow. works great
Heating power of 100 watts, Operating temperature of 380 degrees F (193 degrees C). I saved the box and instructions. The glue WILL blister your fingers; not like the small, dainty craft glue guns that could be really hot and hurt but not blistering hot.
No, they must be purchased separately. I think there are only two sizes- mini and standard glue sticks. You will need standard.
Absolutely. I used it a few weeks ago for bonding two pieces of fabric together. The seam will be a bit stiff though, FYI. Not any worse then any other glue gun, but I wouldn't recommend it for light flowy fabric.
First let me say I love this glue gun. It takes 7/16 diameter sticks. However, I would get the longer 10 inch glue sticks the mini sticks just are not long enough. Enjoy your glue gun.
Yes the SureBonder 6000 nozzels do fit the PRO2100. They are the same 3 piece nozzle set I bought when I bought the glue gun.
I have never had an issue with drips, even after leaving it on for extended periods. You'll want to make sure that it stays upright on the supplied stand if you're leaving it on for a while though; mine fell over and flooded the inside of the gun with glue, which was a PITA to fix.
Ummmm, No, it won't work with smaller ones, well the trigger function won't work. You could push them in with your thumb though.
Sorry, only ordered clear
I have used my rotary cutter on the mat many times and can rub my hand over the mat and not feel any rough areas where I have made cuts. Keep in mind that I only have had it for less than a year and I do not sew everyday but what time I have used it it seems to work very well in answer to your question.
Yes. Get the mat. It is a must if you plan to cut fabric.
No it will damage the flatness of the mat even if you pad it first
34 1/2 inches high
Yes, it can be rolled up for storage. I wouldn't have rolled my first mat up after I'd used it so much, I would have been afraid it would crack. My second one, which is not so used, is rolled up in its box right now, no problem.
Its not a table, its a mat that gets places onto a table.
I have never rolled my mat. But, I would think putting it out on a hot concrete surface in the sun for a while would flatten it and you wouldn't have to attach it. (We live in Texas and it gets hot.) If that doesn't work, try small c-clamps. I store my mat behind a bookcase. Linda
Indo but I don't steam on it. I love ironing finished quilts on it as they don't drag on the floor. I use a spray bottle to get the creases out.
59 3/8" wide by 36 1/4" high
It stays unrolled, when it came it was rolled up, but I laid it flat on the floor overnight and now it stays flat. When not used, we leave it standing between the sewing cabinet and the wall.
There are 7 tips: 2mm, 3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 7mm, 5mm flat tip and 9mm flat tip. Also includes a support stand. Hope this helps you.
Hi Rita! This is a heat stick, no glue comes out at all. The glue is actually on the backside of the crystals that are made to be used with this tool - when you apply the hot tip to the crystal it melts the glue.
The plug sticker says "120 Vac, 60Hz, 6W" It has the standard 110 plug, I'm unsure if an adapter would work with this appliance. You may need to contact company for further info. The customer service # 800 794-5866
I have found the tool easy to use but you have to make sure you are using the correct size applicator tip. If it's not the right size you will definitely have problems. I have also had to hold the tool to the fabric a little longer than the normal range. But then it works great!
I've never used it on tulle, but I have used it on velour and Lycra without any problems. My advice would be to test it out on some scrap tulle that's similar to the veil fabric. Just make sure to practice with the same stones that you're going to put on the veil. This is because different brands of stones, and also different sizes of stones, require different amounts of time for the iron to set the glue onto the fabric. With some practice, you should be able to get your desired result. I hope this helps.
No, it's not intended for that, because you heat it up to temp FIRST WITH THE CORRECT SIZE TIP, place the hotfix item where you want it attached, then press this over it using the correct size tip that you've already heated and basically melt the underside glue on. Having said that,when it's fully up to temp, you can place it on the hotfix bead and sometimes it will grab on enough for you to place somewher, but usually because of just excess edge glue, but it's also just as likely to fall off the tool and stick somewhere you don't want it.... And they are VERY hard to remove (which is good for its purpose), without damage. If the problem is an awkward surface you're trying to use it on, tell us what the application is and someone may have tips. Best of luck, but there's usually a resourceful person with an answer if they know what you need help with.
You should use the right size tip. It applies the glue correctly. The crystal could get stuck in the tip if it's a different size.
It can be used with any "hot fix" crystal, the different types of heads give you a wide variety of sizes. I would say if the stud has hot fix glue on it, I wouldn't see why it wouldn't work ;)
I have 3 of these tools and use them rather frequently to set rhinestones on very delicate tulle and illusion. I've had no problems so far, so here are some things to check: 1. Are you sure you checked the on/ off toggle on the end near the cord? The tip is extremely HOT when its on. 2. When you pick up the rhinestones with the setting tip you must wait about 30-40 seconds for the glue to melt. The melted glue will look shiny. I often use a long dressmaker pin (with the ball top) to slide thru the slit and ease the rhinestone into its proper spot on my fabric. 3. Is it possible that there is something wrong w/ the glue on your hot-fix rhinestones? 4. Have you tried plugging the tool into a different outlet? 5. If nothing works I guess you'll have to admit that the item is defective and you should get an exchange. It really is a great tool when it works. GOOD LUCK!
I haven't used it yet. But after watching some YouTube videos I think you should be able to. You may need to use the flat head.
Hi there are some of each size.. :-) I think it was 10 of the larger 20ss .... twenty of the 12 ss and the rest are maybe 10ss or 6ss. But they're nice, really flashy and sparkly, and adhere perfectly. ;)
Yes they are flat back.
I am pretty sure they are 4mm. I just use the flat tip on my wand and it works on all sizes of stones. Current project has 3 different sizes.
I have purchased two packs. They are genuine.
Good day. I have used these to make earings, necklaces. ..ect. I have hot glued them on hair bow's and they have been a good seller of mine. Hope this helped.
Small
its stoneAB. its more likely pinkish. it looks almost same as picture. just more beautiful! you won't regret. i would like to buy more but its a bit pricey
Definitely, it is a canvas like material. I used it to replace the material on an antique folding chair. I think the blue & grey colors are true to the picture but the yellow is mustardy, slightly green.
Correct
I am guessing it would be continuous/one piece as when I bought my 5 yards it was one piece...
The length is 56 inches.
If you did, it would definitely need a soft backing, the material feels very much like canvas. I probably wouldn't want to snuggle with the fabric by itself...
I don't know a lot about treating fabric (to make softer?), but I used this to cover my dining chair cushions, and it's a very rough fabric with a canvas-y feel to it. I hope that makes sense. Probably not ideal for a blanket although the pattern and colors are really pretty in real life. Hope that helps!
It is 54" wide- really great fabric for making curtains. I made a nice pair for my sliding glass windows and now I have to get rid of them as we are moving :( Good luck!
54
I would say its closer to green and village blue
Only 5bobbins and one extra foot. I had to buy bobbins, zipper foot and quilting foot. One pack of needles
I do not change the switch plate. I free motion with stitch length set on zero and cover feed dogs with a "Supreme Slider. " It works great for me!!!
No it goes in from the left side It can be a little bit of a challenge However so far the machine is wonderful. The big thing is to oil the bobbin as in the instructions .......
I believe it weighes around 35 lbs. It can sew extremely fast and is a workhorse. However, I do not sew leather. I might do a small project, but not as a rule. I enjoy my machine for free motion quilting.
It takes a plastic bobbin.. It quilts wonderfully. It is sturdy. I used mine Strictly for free motion quilting. Space is plenty big. I have another machine with all the decorative stitches. You have to buy the throat plate to cover the feed dogs. Mine does not drop the feed dogs. I love it.
I have never tried sewing leather. But I would guess it can. I use it mainly for quilting which really beats on a machine and it meets the challenge and does a great job. It is really sturdy.
Janome, as you probably know, is a very reputable company. I believe the product comes with a warranty but I don't recall how long it is. If you have dealers in MN they should be able to tell you. Fact of the matter is that we've never had a problem other than normal wear.
Rachel, They are not compatible. Sew Vac Direct
Is your needle dull?
Yes, it does! Sew Vac Direct
We need to know exactly what you want to do in terms of digitizing or monogramming. We are very knowledgeable about software and have classes here in the store. The best way to answer your question would be by phone so we can really and truly diagnose your needs and also budget as software can easily be over $1000 as you have found thus far in your search I am sure. Please call us :) We are here to help! 1-800-898-0893 My name is Chip and I am the software educator here.
If I'm understanding your question correctly......you would have to first copy the stitch files from the disc to your computer...then transfer the files to a compact flash card and you need a compactflash adapter to put into your machine if you shoot me an e-mail to rkellybilla@gmail.com I can send you some photos
The Janome has editing options on the machine and a color screen where the Ellure does not. I will be glad to discuss both machines with you. Just give us a call at 800-898-0893....We may have an upgrade option also.
not really I expect more from this machine
What is the difference in the Janome Memory craft 9900 and the 9700
It uses a Janome style J plastic bobbin. Sew Vac Direct
Hi Deborah. The MC350e can sew with any thread. However if you have large cones, you'll need a thread stand. Let me know if you have any further questions. You can also call us at (949)645-7267. Kind regards,
Hi Jeannie, This is only an embroidery Machine
Most embroidery design cds are multi format for the different sewing companys. Janome uses a xxxx.jef file format. See this link for more details. http://janome.com/contentassets/0e240947517041e6bcd5423fca4020c4/transferring-designs-to-usb-stick-or-ata-card-no-software1.pdf
The cards are no longer available as far as I know. The machine is old technology but you can get a 1 gb's ubs stick at Amazon that works in the machine. It will not take a larger stick than that, I have tried.
I can't be absolutely specific, but it works better with a small one, about as small as you can find on the market. The machine can't read large sticks well. My dealer says to put fewer than 20 embroidery designs on one stick. I would put even fewer than that. My machine leaves out some of the designs when I try to put too many on the stick. If 2 gigabytes is the smallest stick you can get (that's my memory), then that is the one to use. I have found them on Amazon, but not in stores. Good Luck.
the smallest you have, I think is best for a fast transfer to your embroidery machine. I used a 500 MB USB stick and I even could find one of 15 MB . There is also a tutorial on loading designs: http://blog.tv-sewingcenter.com/janome/getting-that-embroidery-design-to-your-janome/ Succes!
It's on the instruction book page 13. Make sure you change your needle regularly. If that don't work call a Janome dealer, they are real helpful.
Does your thread break at the needle, have you tried different thread, or is it the bobbins, I would try a different bobbin
This is an embroidery only machine. If you had a design that you created in your software, you could certainly do this over fabric in a type of applique. You Tube is a Great Place to find instruction and techniques. Good Luck.
It doesn't say where it's made but I think it's made of poplar or something. It's pretty sturdy and quite heavy even when it's empty.
Small , about the length of index finger not sure in oz. I am sorry it was a gift so I don't have it
Don't use any of the paints it comes with. Buy quality paints (masters touch) etc...
Yes
I have owned this mannequin for almost a year and I love her. Her whole arms can move but elbows can't. The legs can't bend as well. She is like a porcelain doll, but made out of good quality plastic. Not meant as a toy to play with, just a way to show off your clothing.
Yes, you can detach it.
Yes.
Yes. The head is detachable.
Yes It Can Be Worn Ovrr Glasses. I AM Blind In My Left Eye. The Configuration Of The Multiple Lenses Can Be Changed To Suit Infividual Needs With Screw Driver And Remedial Skill. I Use So I Can Tie Fishing Hooks Or More Intricate WorK Out Of My Visual acuity. Durable Well Made. Can Work With Ball Cap On. The Led Light Could Be Better But Not Enought To diminish the Rating.
YES
I moved mine to the left. Just takes a normal philips head screwdriver. And it does come with batteries. Good luck.
You can move the light left or right.The light has 2 leds, not super bright, but adequate. So far have had no problems, and the magnifier has comes in handy very often for close work.
I'm not sure what "skin card" means . . . as a profession, I am a permanent makeup artist . . . tattooing eyeliner, eyebrows and lip color onto my clients . . . it is very important to check my needle tips for barbs prior to applying their tattoos . . . the headset also lets me get a very close view of my target area helping me to control my artwork and keep my clients safe.
Good
It really depends on your personal vision. I am 65, have cataracts and I could not build my car models. I also use these to repair my wife's jewelry. I was very skeptical because the price was so low. I am very happy to own my pair, so are friends and family I told about them. I think you will love them.
Not good. ......waste of money. ....
2 AAA
According to the Internet, they're steel
1 inch diameter caps.
Yes, the standard caps are 1 inch and work perfectly with the 1 inch epoxy dots.
I don't know if they are really that magnetic, but you could always superglue a magnet to the back of you are wanting to make magnets. I use them for ornament making and hot glue sticks to them very well.
I assume you mean hole and not hold but no they don't. You have to poke them out yourself.
No
I have not tried that for any reason. I would think they would hold up but not sure if they would discolor or not.
I know its possible to glue things to these I tested them and glued jewels and a small photo on them to make a key chain and it stuck to it perfectly. So I would say yes.
Yes, you could put 3/6 between the white and clear plates to run them through
No, they don't have holes. These are just normal bottle caps.
Yes, definitely it will work very well to embroider in any font you wish.
I own the 550XL but the software should be the same: The machine will come with AutoPunch and HyperText; this software allows you to open other people's designs and create text from any font on your computer. Technically this software will allow you to load an image and convert it to a digital file but I've found this aspect of the software to be somewhat limited with anything but the most basic of objects but it'll get the job done. My machine did *not* come with PhotoStich which allows you to take a photo (like from a camera) and convert it to a digital file. Also not included will be the CrossStich, which will create digitized images in a series of X's instead of solid stitches or lines.
The basic software of the CE-250 is all you need to flip or rotate designs. AutoPunch allows you to take images (such as clip art) and automatically convert them to embroidery designs. Editing software enhances the capabilities of the basic software, and also enhances the capabilities in AutoPunch and HyperFont (HyperFont allows you to use your computer's True Type fonts and automatically convert them to monograms).
Desk or disk space? If disk, maybe you could install it to a flash drive or something? There's not really a lot to get around that. If desk space is an issue: The version I have came with my machine and does require the machine be plugged in and on when the application is first opened. You can unplug it once the app is open and so long as you don't close the application you'll be able do your designing. It will have to be plugged in to send the design to the machine though. If you have the money, you might try something like this: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B001GV00ZM/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_C2UNub13RSVW9 I haven't tried it myself (I installed the software to my laptop and set up a card table next to the machine for it) but this one has fairly good reviews.
No
sorry , i dont know. i can not even figure out how to work it. just wasted my money.
HI Trundi: I'm not sure if it works on a quintet. I have an XL-400 and took a class in Maryland to get me started. Try calling Singer Customer Service. I know it is difficult getting them on the phone but be patient and you will get through.
No, it isn't. It's actually pretty complicated. I'm a Mac user and there's absolutely nothing friendly about this software.
No, but you can do any logo o monogram in photoshop o any program an save it as JPG and you can open in futura autopunch. Its really good this program.
Make sure your embroidery foot is properly on and screwed onto the machine, if not properly placed on it will break/bend needles. Also there are certain size needles for types of fabric, cotton types use needle size 80/90, for heavier like fleece, layers or quilted items use 100 size. Hope this helps. Also check to make sure your bobbin is not affected, the needle going down can nest in the bobbin and make a big mess in that area.
They are raised on the edges, just like the picture shows and they will hold a 1 inch image on top or inside.
About one inch across.
These are NOT flat. It's just like the bottle cap you remove from a bottle.
Yes
The inside area is 1". I use the epoxy stickers with mine.
It said silver I have not had any problems with it
I buy the magnets with adhesive and add some hot glue to it.
Yes they are
We have always gotten one inch bottle caps
No holes
Feels like cotton to me...has a bit of a linen texture as well and if pulled too tight will separate the fibers. Very lovely fabric and I get a lot of complements on the chairs I covered in it.
This is upholstry fabric. I used it to recover a club chair and so far so good. We sit on every day for tv watching. If I can figure out how to add a pic,I will.
It is 54 inches wide.
14-count Aida from the details in the description. Bought for my wife last summer, so I otherwise forgot.
It came in separate cuts when I bought it
Yes it is 60" wide. It is however long you want it to be. I purchased 2yds (6ft).
It's not so stiff you can't work with it but not real soft either. I use qsnaps and it holds its shape better than some aidas. Love to work with it
It is rolled.
I bought 14 count
No
Yes, it is 14 count and very good quality. They have it in Ecru, too. It was a reasonable price as well. The service was excellent and it came earlier than promised. Hope this helps.
The count means 18 threads to the inch, 14 threads to the inch, 28 threads to the inch, etc. the more threads to the inch, the smaller the picture will be, the sewing will be tighter. 14 is the most popular one for most cross stitching.
No, it is 14 couint. I am not sure if they have the 18 count or not.
Absolutely, I found this fabric to be extremely sturdy.
The fabric is 47 inches wide.
my fabric is 60" and I do not know the size of the bolt.
The back side is a solid black, same shade as the front, no white or grey specks.
I can't help. I dry-clean the garment that was made with this fabric.
Yes, it comes in one big beautiful piece.
You could do it, its very good quality but this fabric is pretty slippery and difficult if you havent worked with velvet before~
I am pretty sure you have to order it by the yard. On the right there is a drop down box for quantity. Put 4 and you should get your 4 yards. This is really pretty fabric. You will love it.
Hi. The fabric is heavy. I will ship it in flat rate box which is around $14. I will still put money from my pocket to ship it. Thanks
60 inches
Yes, it's collar blue, but it can look different in different lighting situations.
Yes.
yes it does but the long way has more stretch than the narrow way. I hope this helps.
Mine is 60 inches wide and I ordered 4 yards one continuous piece.
I used it for my classic car's headliner. I believe it was 64inches wide, but it's been a while. I don't recall being disappointed by this fabric tho, it was & still looks fantastic.
I would say yes. This is not fabric made for covering furniture. Especially for spills. You won't be able to wipe spills from it like plastic. But it is pretty sturdy. I use it to make scarves, shawls and skirts. It is really pretty.
Hi. Yes. Send me your address and we will send a sample as soon as possible. Thanks
It is 4 continuous yards, all in one piece
Mine was, but i don't remember what I paid
The width is 60" wide and I have as many yards that you need. Thank you
shipping is free for our compant and expensive for other companies, we cannot ship all 12 yards contunuous , it would have to be in 2 pieces
Yes, this is a stretchy velvet. I'm not sure of the content, but it hangs nicely and has some weight.
The fabric is 60" wide, easily accommodating your widest dimension. Trying to use that width to cover two boards (one side only) will probably not give you enough fabric to wrap and attach to the back of the boards. If I'm right, you'd therefore need 3 yards. If you want to take a chance or don't need to wrap and attach, you might get away with 2 yards. If you need to cover both sides of the boards, double the purchase to 6 yards. You will have excess, but that's inevitable. If your using the fabric for controlling light reflections you'll surely have other surfaces you might want to drape with fabric.
I don't know, sorry. I am using it as a photographic backdrop so haven't needed to wash it yet. It is quite a sturdy material but it does stretch a bit.
I ordered one piece and it is about one square yard which is all I needed. If you ordered 3, I think you will get 3 separate pieces.
Yes
I don't know. I don't expose mine in the sun and it has been great
60" wide
I would check with the seller for the answer.
My recollection is that it is more like velvet. It is a bit stretchy.
I think si if you line it with a stable fabric. I tried to use it for a smoking jacket but its a bit flimsy for something constructed.
Yes, it is washable
Yes, please enter 8 to purchase 8 yards. Fabric will be cut in one continuous length.
It's a knit and made up beautifully into a holiday dress. I'm so pleased with it - it's very rich looking and never wrinkles!
no
It is 60" . Hope you like it.
Hello! I bought this and it is continuous yard. I'm also very happy with the quality! I've ordered from this company many times and everything they sell is fantastic!
I used it to recover my dining room chairs and I love it!!!!!.
It is too stretchy for upholstery, I think. It could certainly be used for clothing. I made velvet pumpkins. The feel is not as luscious as the high-quality velvet, but it is still very nice. I would buy it again--for my needs.
Yes
If I remember correctly it is 60" wide and sold by the yard. So 1 yard would be 36"x60".
Hi merry. On your right side of the amazon page you can select the quantity. Whatever the quantity it will come in one piece. It is 100% polyester so it is washable. We welcome your business.
hi thank your for inquiring about our fabrics. If your order 50 yards is going to be one roll of 50 yards continuous. You can buy a one yard sample to see what you will get before ordering the 50 yards roll. Thank you.
It is 58" one narrow selvege and one wide about an inch. Beautiful color and hand.
This is stretch velvet and is better for apparel use. I would look at a cotton blend of velvet or a velvet used as curtains fabric but it is more expensive.
I would describe it as a deep burgundy. A wine red. I bought it to use as a Christmas tree skirt.
Hi Thank you for inquiring about our fabrics. The fabric doesn't come wider than 54" .we welcome your order.
To be honest the fabic is very poor quality. I ordered 4 yards and barely got 4 feet. I would definitely rethink using this fabric for a wedding.
Yes they are.
I did and it was no problem.
Yes
Sorry you must buy one yard
Only a min of 50 yards
it is 12 and they are all different colors (as shown in the pics)
No
yes, one side of the tape is inches and the other side is centimeters. I am satisfied with my purchase of these. well made and strong.
Very accurate. I measured it against a steel yardstick and with reasonable tension it was right on.
60 inches
60 Inches
60"
Yes, inches on one metric on flip side.
1/8"
The tape measures are 1/2" wide.
I use 9-10 skeins and use a 8" long 16MM in diameter needle
There are 86 yards in the small skein. Approximately 3 times that amount in the large bundle.
Nicole , this is a super bulky size 6 , yarn measures 1/4 across , hope this helps
yes it will fit. it should cover the back they give plenty of material.
Not sure I understand the question; corset type zipper replacement could be used when there is a zipper in the back, but to make the dress smaller you would probably have to take in some additional fabric from either the back of the dress or the sides to actually reduce the dress size. The zipper replacement allows for more options when the zipper doesn't close well or a different look is desired.
This would not be appropriate for a side zipper replacement. Corset backs are lace up. I think the design of the dress would be negatively impacted if used on the side.
I would use a#11 ball point
I would order the 18" replacement. I found it so easy to install. I hope it works well for you.
I ordered the 16 and cut it down about 1" It doesn't ravel or come apart it is sewn very well. Sturdy.
There is a Utube video. I typed in "video on how to sew a corset lace up back and found the " perfect fit video".
No, it only works with a Wacom pads, much to my disappointment.
Yes, I have both
No. i just bought it for this reason and it doesnt work.. updated wacom drivers, removed small stylus, rebooted, etc. Nada.
I have no idea, sorry. I know it works with mine the CTH-670. Does it look like the one it came with? That's what made me buy this one, it looked exactly the same. Sorry I can't be more helpful. Hope you can find the pen you need!
Yes it works, I own a cth680 for home and a ctl480 for travel, called Wacom to ask for a replace pen, they told me the bamboo pen was the only one availbe, that was about 5 months ago
Yes it is able to erase. But depending on the program you use it the "erase" function changes.
Yes, it most certainly does. I ordered one for mine after I broke the pen it came with, and it works right out of the box. I emailed Wacom beforehand and they said none of the Bamboo pens work with the Intuos family, but that is a BOLD-FACED LIE. I think they don't want people to know the Bamboo pens work with the Intuos tablets so that people have to buy the pens through the Wacom site instead of a third party site (Amazon).
It should work with all bamboo tablets. I use cth -470, cth-670, & bamboo splash , it works with all 3.it is not a big deal if it does not let you use the flip it for eraser, I usually just hit the e key for eraser & b for brush, I think it is easier than flipping the pen around.
I use it on the Bamboo Create, (from the same line) - not sure if they are compatible with other generations. I had the same problem so I asked Wacom directly (using the pen part number on Amazon) before purchasing. Good Luck!
I think you have to search up that pen's model, im not sure. My Bamboo model CTH670
I'm not sure of the size of the case but it holds my Viking Designer DE but not the embroidery unit.
The product description says: Classy Sewing Machine Trolley measures: 19.5"W x 14"H x 9.75"D My wife puts her average sized machine in this, all her gadgets and such and there is room to spare.
I am not sure how large the Viking machine is, but the bag is quite large, and roomy. My Brother machine has plenty room, with lots of space left over. It also has a large Velcro strap inside to secure the machine so that it will not move around on the inside of the bag. Hope this helps.
Will this fit my Viking Designer SE and its embroidery piece? thank you....Quiltingqueenmusket@gmail.com
Each spool says No. 100 on it. Also, I read on another site the following:Metrosene plus with the red label (sometimes black) article #1161 is 100% polyester 100/3. It is a three-ply thread especially suitable for sewing synthetic fibers or blends. It is very strong and has elasticity. Very good for knits as well as for wovens. Use this thread for dressmaking, home dec, crafts. And the box does say 1161 on it.
There are 28 spools, 164 yds. in each spool; I am delighted with my purchase.
Yes, they are just like any thread spool, i.e., Gutterman, etc.
I have used the thread in my bobbin. It works great. It's thicker than some of the other thread (Aurifil) I use for quilting which I like. It really is just a matter of preference. I like the colors within the box. Hope this helps.
100% polyester
You would have to have an unusually steady hand to have something that looked like engraving without actually performing an engraving. This certainly can mark a silver piece but I don't think the result would be acceptable visually.
The little that I have used this I think it will do good on any metal. It engraves like a normal engraver but is very precise.
I have used this engraver to engrave my initials on bits for horses. I have to go over and over to be sure it can be seen. If you want it to look really tidy is go with a better model I think. But I have had pretty good luck, for the price anyway
Probably pretty well. I haven't used it on clear acrylic only on a black molybdenum filled nylon. I used it for marking manufacture dates on the parts I made and it worked very well. All in all the tool worked better than I expected.
It is designed to engrave on jewelry, so it should work fine.
My husband uses to engrave his name on tools. It has a pretty heavy vibration it might crack the shells. I suppose if you used a hard boiled egg it might. Hope this helps, good luck!
Yes
It's spring loaded, and you have to keep pressing it.
yes you can draw with this and many more things.
Yes
It comes with everything you see plus a stopper for the barrel, and allen wrenches for adjustment of the stock
I seriously doubt that it would be stopped. It's clearly a paintball gun and not a firearm.
.68 caliber
No man that's separate.
.68
I bought this for my Daughter for Christmas, it has many stitch settings it comes with a pkg of needles, several empty bobbins,a seam ripper, horizonal thread holder option, and a couple of different presser feet. and a button holer attachment. It sews great and sets very sturdy on the table, not wobbly like some. The auto threader isn't completely automatic, but is great! That's about all I can remember, it is a great value for the price!! Love it!!
The SINGER 6160 computerized sewing machine is capable of sewing heavier fabrics such as denim, canvas, twill, duck cloth, etc. It is recommended that you also use a needle that is designed for sewing heavier fabrics, such as a SINGER needle size 16, or possibly size 18, depending on the weight or thickness of the fabric being sewn. The instruction manual also includes a Needle/Fabric/Thread recommendation chart for your convenience.
Yes
No just 110 current
I bought the machine for my Granddaughter and didn't see the machine. I assume it has a foot pedal but can't be sure. Contents list should tell you though.
Sorry I have never received that code
I have never gotten an error, sorry!
Yes. I really love this machine. Self-threader no longer works, but everything else is working fine.
At this time, the manuals available in the following languages: English, Spanish & French. You can download at the following link: http://www.singerco.com/uploads/download/3e3e5558857ed68836712ac8545abb48178772a5.pdf
So sorry I'd forgotten to measure right away for you. These are conservative interior measurements. I measured just now and the INTERIOR is 14" tall, 19" long and 10" wide. Hope this helps you. It's a lovely case, very well padded and easy to maneuver.
I bought it for an old model sewing machine which I measured before making the purchase. I like the tote. The only problem I have with it is that the handles are a bit too long and when I carry it, it hangs lower than I would like it to.
I am sure it would. the 301 fits in it just fine with room left over. I don't have a Featherweight so can't say positively
Yes, I would say you'll still have some bulk from the padding in the case itself but it does fully open all the way around.
There's no shoulder strap but if you're handy, it's VERY simple to purchase one and sew it on yourself...I admit, that's the only gripe I have about this bag...
The SINGER Futura CE-150 sewing & embroidery machine will not fit in the case about which you are inquiring. You may, however, be interested in the SINGER Extra Large Rolling Sewing Machine Tote Bag, also sold on Amazon. This bag will accommodate both the machine and the embroidery unit.
The bottom interior of the bag has ~1/4 inch hard plastic insert. Not sure how much weight it holds but it does not buckle under the weight of my full-size brother sewing machine.
The best way to know would be to compare the measurements of the case (available on the sellers site) with the measurements of your sewing machine. That's what I did for my Brother sewing machine. This carry case is the best I have seen while shopping for one.
I don't know. Mine is a Brother sewing machine. You could check by comparing the measurements of your machine and those of the tote which are available on the amazon site.
I do not know...I do not have a Singer 160. I have the Singer 5532 and it fits with room to spare for fabric, tools, etc. The dimensions listed for this bag are accurate.
Yes they are.
This packet is the single pocket page in 12x12 size. Meaning you create a 12x12 layout to insert into them then place in your scrapbook album. I believe Amazon also carries the Mixed bundle of hers as well, if you are looking for pocket pages to fit many pics and 3x4 cards into. Hope this helps!!!
These things are so slippery that they evidently slipped right out of the packing box en route and my box arrived empty. I received a refund as they had no more in stock. Sorry.
They are clear. Can't tell they are there.
Not sure what those albums are like. What I can tell you is I used them in a huge 3-ring binder, so if the hole distances on your album fits that scenario, it should work.
Yes. Love this product.
No...they're 11 X 8.5
No, they do not come with extension posts. But the refill pages are great quality.
They are quite clear and easy to slide a full 12x12 sheet into them.
Currently holding a 10lb. framed painting. I would not display it on this easel if it were tipsy!
L-shaped
Depends on the size of the painting since the bolts move close together at the highest setting. Overall this easel is prabably too lightweight to paint against. It is very lightweight.
It sucked don't get it breaks before you get it out of the box go to hobby town
about 12-15 inches
Yes it will fit. It may hang over just a little bit but it should work perfectly.
There are no instructions provided. However, all you have to do is pull the releasing tap on top and pool the center rod. If you have to force anything, you are doing it wrong.
There isn't much to assemble. You put the tray on and then it all gold together for storage.
If you can't assemble it, it's because it's a very cheap and poorly made product. It is inherently unstable, so even when it is assembled correctly, it won't stand up to hardly any weight or the slightest breeze.
It's a very light soft pink. Not a purple pink at all. Best way to describe it is a pink blush color.
This was a bright hot pink, not a soft muted pink. i was very unhappy with the whole process!
It's only 54" wide. You'd have to sew several yards together to make a backdrop of that size. 8 yards maybe.
Yes. Send 1 piece . 2,yrd continuos.
Only full yard
Please compare shipping before you buy. Others sellers charge by the weight. We charge only$1 for an extra item. Thanks.
Mine came consecutively in one piece.
Yes you can
Yes
I bought some and mine came in 1 piece
It would be perfect for that. I used it to cover a bulletin board to hang necklaces on in my bedroom. It turned out really well.
54"
I did the same thing, I used it on a chalk board from HomeGoods, I scrubbed the color off with a Magic Eraser by Mr Clean. Good Luck, its a lot of work.
Yes. I have a black chalkboard and the colors show up great.
They're exactly like chalk. I uses them on a little chalk board and wiped off the chalk with either a damp cloth or a dry napkin-either works.
it soaks into things that are porous...I'm not putting it on my walls, but it has stained my picture frame chalkboard insert...I suspect the insert was wood painted with chalk board paint making it porous...also, they are all drying out pretty quickly...not impressed with them at this point....
no they have a blunt point like a sharpie.
Hello, not sure what the labels you refer to are made of, but these seem to wipe off relatively easy.. I have used them on windows, smooth surfaces etc and yes, they wipe right off with no problems, these are NOT per innate markers. Hope that helps.. Mjclemm..
I've been using a paper towel with water to remove it.
It does work on chalkboard Contact brand paper which I also ordered w/markers
That's what I've experienced. The force required to remove the marks completely usually damages the paint
I used them on a chalkboard and could NEVER get it off. Had to paint over it. Maybe try a razor blade and scrape it off. These are permanent in my opinion.
It is very thin. Similar to wrapping paper
If scissors can cut it then I'm sure the cricut can as well
This is a metallic topped paper. The silver is bonded to white paper backing. I don't see how it would work with a laminator.
No, it's not clear enough to display a reflection.
Yes
Hi - it's inbetween. It's paper backed but has firmness of medium weight foil I'd say.
The resolution of the reflection is mediocre (roughened by inconsistencies in the paper) certainly not as a good as a mirror, but better than baking quality aluminum foil. When my head is about a foot away, I can see facial features. If it is 6 inches away, I would say someone could probably guess the reflection was mine.
no, it's more like a satin finish, not like a mirror.
I think this may be a question for the manufacturer - Grafix. The packaging doesn't say what materials are used. The foil is quite smooth and shiny. Remember that roll paper is difficult to flatten completely out, so, depending on your intended use, sheets may be a better option than rolls. Good luck.
I thought it would be actually foil-like, and mirror like. Pretty shiny, but it's more the consistency of a gift-wrapping paper, not reflective on both sides.
Yes, just white paper.
I don't believe this is appropriate for hot stamping. I used it for wrapping chocolate.
It seems sturdy enough to do what you want. I'd probably glue it to the card.
Nah, I wouldn't.
No, it is not, gold in front, paper on back because it's regular wrapping paper, hope I answered your question :-)
No, it's basically like a wrapping paper... I used it to wrap gifts for my son's pirate birthday party... Hope that helps! :)
No, it's plain white on the back.
No, just on one side
it was used for church project to wrap around a cardboard cross.worked very well.was formable.
The babylock site lists the model number of their ruffle foot as SA122 (different from the one I have for my Brother PC420PRW - SA143 which is the one you're asking about). Comparing them visually, they look identical. Other sites specializing in sewing machines/supplies show it as compatible. I wish I could tell you definitely yes or no, my best guess after researching is yes.
Yes it will fit. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Yes it is a snap on ruffler. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Yes
Yes. That is what I use it on.
Not sure if it will fit
I don't have the answer, so I suggest you contact Brother International, or, if you have a Brother dealership in your town, they could probably help you.
Yes, it will work with your machine.
I don't know. It would be best to check the Brother sewing machine website. There you should be able to cross reference your machine with compatible accessories. Good luck!
Sorry, I don't know for sure. I have a 1500S so I can't say for sure. I would call a sewing machine supply store to ask the question, only make sure they service Brother machines
The upper bust of this dress form starts at 30 inches.
Are you familiar with a website called patternreview dot com? There are reviews for the different dressforms and people you can ask. I'm not sure which size you need but I bet someone on patternreview will know.
Yes, it is.
No, it doesn't.
Yes, I believe it is. The company is Janome Artistic. I have the petite dress form and it definitely comes the closest to fitting my body shape better than any of the others. I do recommend it.
24 is the best I can get also.
No, I haven't had any problems with the sharps splitting the plies. I have 2 set of these needles and they are my favorite of all of my needles! I have Addi turbo lace; Nova; Signatures; Knit Picks; and ChaiGoo Twist for lace.
Sizes: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 Tip length is approximately 5 inches CABLES: 4 cables to make needles that are 18", 26" 34" and 42"
Yes
Sets come in assorted fabric cases and we are unable to send a color preference.
Every knitter has his/her own personal preference. For me, the 5" sharps work perfectly. I loved them so much I own both the small and large set.
No they do not.
Keeping things hot is the sames as keeping them cold. Think about it, you have a cold side (cold reservoir) and hot side (hot reservoir), The insulator impedes the flow of energy from the hot side to the cold. Thus the hot side remains hot and the cold side remains cold. So keeping warm or cold is just a mater of perspective (which side you are looking at). If you use the insulator as a jacket, you keep yourself hot and the environment cold. If you use for a lunch bag, it keeps the inside cold and the outside hot.
Fluffed it is over a quarter of an inch. Compresses to almost nothing. I used it to insulate drapes. Love them!
In the USA, Fabric is usually 55 inches to 60 inches wide, and you buy by the yard. They mean it is 60" wide.
Yes
The piece is one square yard; 36" by 36". So no, it it not large enough to meet your criteria.
I do not have access to a micrometer, but I feel 100% comfortable in assuring you that the thickness of this felt is no less than 1/8" thick. (2/16th of an inch) The density is consistent, with no holes, thin or weak spots. Fibers appear to be uniform in length and staple. This is nice felt. My wife made baby shoes out of it and was very happy with the results.
Slightly thicker than standard craft store felt squares. Off white in color and rough to the touch.
Hi, Martin. The fabric is just about 1 yard wide and you cut it to your desired length. I have an extra large capacity front-load washer and I put seven of these in at a time. Mine are cut to 1 1/2 yard length. They are washed frequently and wear well. I'm getting ready to order more. 10 yards at a time and I buy from Vogue Fabrics.
Not sure. I use it for a handicapped, incontinent, Labrador Retriever. (It goes under other, disposable pads.) She has not had any adverse reaction to contact with it; no itching or rashes.
Between fabric but on back....I use ours all the time for my mother & they are great.
been looking for some time now, the better flannel/rubber fabrics only appear to be made in 3 foot widths
I haven't tried it, but it seems possible. I would try it on a little strip first to see how well it covers.
Yes it is sold by the yard. It was 32 inches wide and when I got my order of 2 sheets - about 64 incles long...i just cut it in half and got 2 sheets both about 32 x 32 inches.... naturally you could cut it to any length you want.
I do not know, but they do not cause my ears to have an allergic reaction.
I wish I understood your question better. The size of this finding is standard ... best answer I can give you. I've been making jewelry, specifically earrings, for over 20 years and this finding has never changed in the size I use. Hope this helps ... I dearly love working with these and am very happy to find them.
As long as the charm has a hook to attach it to the earring.
I have used my Earring Earwires a few months and see no sign of tarnish, Surgical Steel shouldn't tarnish I'm happy with mine.
You would need an eye pin for your earring and a jump ring. Hope this helps. I am happy with them.
Hello, Shipping rates, restrictions, and methods vary from seller to seller and aren't set by Amazon.com. For instance, while some sellers will ship to international destinations, others don't. To see a seller's shipping rates and details, click "See Shipping Rates" from the product listing. If you can't find the information you're looking for on the seller's storefront, you can contact the seller directly to ask questions. You'll find customer service contact information on each seller's storefront. Just click "Contact Seller" on the bottom right-hand side of your screen under Further Information. I hope this helps.
Sorry I don't know for certain but my guess would be no as they were described to me as for flowers and crafts. I use them in the bottom of a vase. I'd recommend asking the manufacturer.
I cannot answer how many, but they would fill a quart size ziplock bag pretty full, and they are around 1 to 2 inches in diameter (some less and maybe more).
Approximately 1-1 1/2" long. BTW Lauren is right, maybe 15-20% are brown. Thus, for my bamboo it worked well:)
Shore hardness is listed as "60 - 70" D. Here's the spec info from thier online store. TYPICAL PHYSICAL PROPERTIES (for liquid components) TEST METHOD COMPONENT 1 COMPONENT 2 Viscosity, cps ASTM D-2196 300 100 200100 Weight per gal, lbs. 8.2 8.6 Solids by weight, % ASTM D-1353 100 100 Mix ratio by weight 50 50 Mix ratio by volume 50 50 (for cured material) TEST METHOD RESULTS Density ASTM D-1622 75 - 80 lbs/ft (1.2 - 1.28 g/cc) Elongation, % ASTM D-2370 20 Shore D hardness 60 - 70 Shrinkage, linear inch unfilled 0.01 Color ivory to beige REACTIVITY DATA Gel time, seconds 180 20 Demold time, minutes 15 - 20 SHELF LIFE (STORAGE) *Component A (isocyanate) - storage area should be maintained between 65F to 85F. Containers must be tightly closed as a protection from moisture and foreign material. *Component B (polyol) - storage area should be maintained between 65F to 85F. Containers must be tightly closed as a protection from moisture and foreign material.
The thinnest I went was about 1/16 of an inch and that was iffy it dried fine but keeping it smooth and safe was harder. After drying they are hard and hold up to slight pressure but will break if not handled carefully on the small pieces.
2 pounds. .93 quart
It depends on how you mix it, they say to weigh it and use the same amount of each . I did a matching amount in Dixie cups and it set up in about two minutes. So if you do it that way use less of the activator or if you have a way to weight it I would go that way . Good luck
I cannot say, with certainty, that all spray paints would work equally well; however, I've had some success with the type that says it's OK for use on plastics. I've been using the resin as a binding agent for fiber composites, and not for casting. Perhaps Testor's plastic model spray paint would be a safe bet for cast parts.
This printer was bought for a gift. I contacted the person and they said "yes" and you can not use for paper and food items at the same time. The printer is for edible projects only. I hope it helps.
You don't have to find an image the exact size you need. If you have a program like PrintShop, you can resize for whatever project you're working on. You don't want the image to go all the way to the edge anyway, so you can add the piping border. Establish a basic size for cupcakes, cakes, etc. and keep them as templates. Good luck! It's a great product and a great marketing tool!
It scans images with very reliable quality. If you have a good quality image then it will look nearly the same on the edible paper. I haven't tried printing straight from a camera or memory card, but it does have the option to do so.
Go to the Epson website and download the driver directly to your computer. I have not done this myself, so I don't know if the specific driver for this edible prtinter is available, but that is where I would start.
Nope, sometimes I use my IPAD. But you DO need an internet connection.
Yes. They look just like any other 'ink' cartridge you would use only they have edible food coloring in them. BUT, my copier does not work and never did. AND, I could not get a response from the dealer.
They appear to be. You would need to have the proper food colors to fill them with since these are edible color cartridges. I dont know where you would find something like that.
Compatibility : -- PIXMA iP3600 -- PIXMA iP4600 -- PIXMA iP4700 -- PIXMA MP560 Wireless -- PIXMA MP560 Wireless with PP201 -- PIXMA MP620 Wireless -- PIXMA MP620B Blue Wireless -- PIXMA MP640 Wireless -- PIXMA MP640R Wireless -- PIXMA MP980 Wireless -- PIXMA MP990 Wireless -- PIXMA MX860 Wireless -- PIXMA MX870 Wireless
The one that i have is not working either, the paper is not rotating at all, i still have it but purchased a canon, that ive had no issues with!
no it has the metal posts
Be aware, this is not a photo album, but a scrapbook album. Scrapbooks have special 3-hole posts to add more pages with expandable binding from 1-3." Scrapbook pages are top loading. This is a very nice product.
Just the standard 12 x 12 pages
I believe the book came with 10 page protectors, which would hold twenty pages. I added another 8 page protectors. The album is well made and beautiful. Lisa
it is as pictured printed in the cover...thanks
They are a true 12 x 12 size and it is a very nice scrapbook.
Yes, this album is expandable. You may add as many pages as necessary. It is a very durable album.
This is a scrapbook, the pages are 12" X 12" you can place the photos anywhere you like....thanks
8x11
we don't have a 1-piece dodgers patch for the front of a shirt/jersey ... the mfg does not make them that way for resale ... just the companies with a license to use those types of patches are able to get them and only to use on their own products and not for resale ...
no, i do not - sorry ... it's not a design that is currently being made by the patch manufacturer ...
The finish as I remember using it, is an "acrylic" finish--mildly shiny for the basic colors.... metallic look 'metalic'. If you want a very glossy finish, use additional materials. One I like very much is Judikins "Diamond Glaze". Hope this helps..
You can but need to put some type of sealer over
I've never baked anything I used this on, but with a spray coat of finish I've never had a problem with it fading or chipping- I've had some of my items for over 10 years.
These are very SMALL quantities to use on walls, so I assume you're doing small designs? I don't see why they wouldn't be just fine--they are acrylic and would behave as they do on paper or any other object being decorated. I do not have a value for how long they would last, but keeping designs out of direct sunlight should help--and away from tiny hands too!.............m
I didn't use it for outdoors. For outdoors I prefer Patio Paint. I really recommend "Patio Paint" for outdoors or Martha Stewart paints.
I don't know. We used ours to paint ceramic ornaments.
yes, use a release agent sparingly(spray sun screen is a cheap, viable option).
To be honest, I have had mine open for about two months and it's still in great shape. I only use it an ounce at a time, so it will take me a while to go through it. So far, so good. It sure is some great resin though and holds primer nicely.
Accepting that I am not an expert, I dont see any reason why it couldnt be used this way. It seperates well when casting inside tin based silicone. I would imagine casting inside will work well. The very liquid viscosity fills in small parts even after adding various silica to specify properties. I am new to polyurethanes and learned you have to be fast in the mold. I wouldnt stir it more than 15 to 30 seconds before you get it in. Much harder than epoxies without fillers. They sell larger volumes on their website.
Hi Sam, The two bottles together contain a gallon which is 230 cubic inches. If you are filling molds you can comfortably expect 200 cu in. If you are covering a surface like a counter top or a montage it will cover several square feet. A montage usually only has a 1/16 of an inch thickness whereas a counter top can be 1/8 to 1/4 inch thick. The coverage at 1/16 inch will be 25 sq ft.; at 1/8 inch thick the coverage will be 12 square ft; and at 1/4 inch thick it will cover 6 sq ft. The manufacturer, Specialty Resin, can be contacted at 1-269-462-9256 or www.specialtyresin.com
A have used model car and airplane paint from Michaels and it works perfectly.
You probably don't want to use this for mold making as it is not flexible. I'd suggest a casting silicon from smooth on.
It will work in clay mold. I use monster clay, and and it molds fine with that. However making a clay model first then make a mother mold of it using Smooth-on. you can make multiple copies of the original. Oh and do not use any oil based clays.
It drys a beige coyote desert tan
If it is going to be in water or exposed to it a lot I would not use latex paint. I would put an oil based primer and oil based top coat. If it is something for long term use I might even coat that with a clear sealer.
It has a softening point of 350f
There are 8 different folders in this set.
Nope, I'm only using the multipurpose platform in the Big Shot
Each folder is 4 3/4 x 5 1/2.
No, they are not made of plastic, but rather a sturdy metal... very nice, served my purpose very well.
Yes
They are 18mm long from pad to bullet when open.
I've been using super glue specifically for metals that works great even on uneven surfaces. It's just the metal version of the cheap stuff, nothing really fancy
I haven't tried, but if your printer allows for custom size printing, you should be able to. I would trace around one on plain paper and cut some out to work out placement. Once you have that set up, you should be ready to use the real thing.
I believe 12
Depending on the glue, but they may not lay very long due to the fact that they are pretty thick.
It's been over a year since I got married and have used them, but they are the size of any average size place cards. I loved them so much and would use them all over again!
I used them on two different occasions one time I used a black permanent sharpie and a silver sharpie too. Hope this helps good luck! DJ
They came separated
Mine are packed away, but I'm guessing three-quarters of an inch by two-and-a-half inches.
Not sure what you want to know, Peter, but I can tell you it's a basic sewing machine. For $100 the fanciest stitch available is the zigzaz. Any seamstress can make a lot of different items with this unit . . . dresses, shirts, curtains, pillow cases, pot holders, quilting . . . just about anything. No serging. No fancy embroidering. No exotic fabrics. Any seamstress wanting to perform those skills would upgrade to a fancier machine. I use my machine almost daily and it's holding up beautifully. Hope this helps.
Hi the Kenmore 19106 is no longer made but I understand it is the equivalent of the Janome 11542 which I think is now currently being sold. You might have better luck looking for a cord for the Janome 11542.
1. It holds standard large spools sold in our sewing machine store. The bobbins are standard size. 2. The "feet"? It sets on the base of its plastic case. 3, My wife says it is easy to use - and she is no pro!
Plastic with snap on zipper foot.
13lbs
will not fit a leather cord, will fit small wire or string.
Yes it is a random mix and no there is not a list to identify what you receive. It is a great buy.
It's tough to say without seeing it. It could be snow quartz, a beautiful Snow White type of quartz. Tree agate is also chalk white but usually has green vine-like veins running through it. This one may have been cut around that. Dalmatian jasper is black and white but occasionally you'll get a solid. If I had to guess it's probably snow quartz
It is hard to say you will get different ones each time and each shipment has several different types I got amethyst, tiger eye, jade and many others
Mmm don't believe so! But that would be a question for the sellers.
Just got my order and they were not labeled in any way.
I purchased this last year , I got two for two grand daughters. There is maybe one pound or a little less in the kit. I ordered from Candle Science a 50 lb box of soy wax, and many 1oz. ,wicks and other things they have good prices check their web sight. They have good video how to's and you tube does also. This kit is good to see if you like candle making.
hi Katy - No! Never put wax directly on the heat! It is too volatile, and can catch fire that way. Recommended - either get a double boiler, or use an available adapter to make an existing pot the bottom part. Also recommended - candle-making thermometer to make sure your temps are okay, and a beginning candle-making book.
The list mine came with says 14 oz.
Melting pitcher, jars, scent, wax, wicks, color block Everything you need to get started. Great kit.
I bought a candy thermometer and have been using it ever since :)
Yes, it is pear berry.
Just tall enough to do a tea light candle
Yes
I didn't use anything for the tea lights, but for the rest I used 3 popsicle sticks to hold the wicks in the center and it worked really well. I didn't use any glue, if you pour the wax slow the wicks should stay in place then hold them in place with the sticks.
I had just a box of the original tea candles I bought at like target and there was enough to fill over 10. Keep in mind that was after the given candle mold and a whole identical candle. It makes a lot but it's only like a one time or two time use.
Yes it does for us.
It will, but not recommended! It will chip the knife!
No I do not have replacement blades but I doubt you may need to use another one in a long time if you use it for flowers since this one is a heavy duty blade and very sharp.
Not sure, but it could be sharpened. It is worth the price that I paid.
It is an american brand, but as you know most things are made in China. It does not have a tag or anything attached to it.
Five pounds six ounces. If you do buy it, don't forget to gorilla glue the handle for optimal sturdiness.:D
approx. 10 or 11 inches i dont have a tape measure, they aren't holes, more like a notched out becasue the blade travels as the lever is raised and lowered.
Peggy! It cuts roses beautifully!
The stem cutter only works on fresh flowers, you need basically plier cutters for artificial flowers
.68 cal
Yes every tank should come with a pin valve cover
No
It uses a .68 caliber paintball
Yes
The MR100 is not rifled.
Both.
Yes that is a real Rail there is one on either side. You could put a laser point on there, a flashlight, or if you record maybe a GoPro video recorder.
Not sure. I only put CO2 in it. I have a seperate tank for compressed air.
That is used to clean the barrel of the gun, when paintballs explode in the gun. It's just a quick fix and you should properly clean your gun whenever you get the chance to. Hope that helped.
Hi again, Shelly! I did not notice that the set you were asking about is the short tip set, not the standard long tip. Being the tips are 3-1/2" long that is really only an inch shorter than the standard so should be fine. The price on this set is great, so I just ordered this set to add to my collection. I had purchased a couple of sizes in the short tips for other projects, but would be nice to have the full range. I did notice that someone else had commented that hers kept coming apart - I've never had that problem, but then I make sure I tighten them well with the little tool that is included. And I have used the cord connectors - again with total success....
Hi, They are 3.5 inches long. Thank you for asking. Tracy, Handsome Fibers.
Yes! The sizes are etched on the needles, and the cords are memory-free. I just started my very first knit-in-the-round with these needles three weeks ago. While not in use, I have the work tucked and folded-over on itself, shoved and packed inside a plastic bin (so my cat won't mess with it). Each time I remove the work from the bin, the cords unbend beautifully, and I have had no problems at all. This is a truly outstanding system.
Hi Mary, The length of the tips are 3.5 inches. Thank you for asking. Tracy, Handsome Fibers.
I haven't had any trouble with the tip clogging. I always make sure to clean the tip and cap it after every use. Also, don't press too hard when writing.
I'm going to go with no. It's a gel pen and I think what you need is a paint pen. Then again, I can't be entirely sure because I've not tried to use it on steel.
Yes and they flow well.
Yes. However, white and metallic colors work best on black paper.
depending on the paper's thickness, the ink you apply to the paper may chip off if its really thick.
I can make a wide area of sharpie and then draw over it with this pen, and it looks distinctly white. But when I wrote something with a sharpie and tried to white it out, it wouldn't cover it totally but left some gray peeking through. Same with ball point. It covers it some but is not perfect. But if you don't need perfect coverage, it's less messy than white out. Only not as good as white out.
I can say yes for highlights and smaller details, but I don't know on the graphite drawings (I use it for coloring with copic, and craft projects)
They write and draw well over dried watercolor. Ive also had success using them with soft pastels, colored pencil, and ink. The only medium I have had bad luck using these with is graphite.
To start off the best gel pens I've found so far and I have used and bought alot of different brands. Personally have not used them for quilting but they work well and don't see any reason why they shouldn't work on fabric. I love water color so I use them for highlights and they are smooth and don't stick which is a must for me. YouTube has plenty of videos of people using them different ways and they seem to work well. I enjoy them lots they are a good buy and I will be getting more for sure
It depends. It would most likely cover the colored pencil, but I don't imagine it would blend well if you're looking for a more subtle look. It looks very much like acrylic paint or other gel pens- bold, shiny, blunt line.
Sorry, we are not currently shipping this product abroad.
The S220 smoke pen is perfect for detecting air leaks around windows. It is very sensitive to low-velocity air movement. Once you've lit the pen and it is producing a stream of smoke, just move it slowly along the window frame or places you suspect the leak. The source of any air leaks will be very apparent.
The Manufacturer states it can be used for that purpose. I have tested it on a smoke detector and it did activate it, but not instantaneous. It responded after approximately 10 seconds of a continuous smoke stream.
Yes
There should be movement of the smoke when placed near a leaking area
Yes the smoke is started by a flame and then blown out so the amber wick can smoke, not something I would/could use as a professional.
Don't think it will set off a smoke detector unless it's close. I've used mine inside homes and never had a smoke detector go off.
No
No particles just smoke. Ashes pretty much disintegrated. Great pen for testing drafts.
Mine didn't have those colors.
I use a clear gesso or a matte medium over them. Because they activate with water, you want to swipe your brush or roller quickly over them so they won't spread to areas you don't want color. You could also use a spray fixative or spray--but again, you have to be careful not to get them too wet so spray lightly. If you don't do one or the other, and you try to use ink pens of any type on them, you will ruin your ink pens. Hope this helps.
I'm sorry, I have never used Neocolor I crayons. However, Gelatos remind me of a tube of lipstick. The texture is similar. When applied to a surface, they spread smoothly. The colors are vibrant but not neon. They can be mixed with water if desired. I like Gelatos so much that I bought my 12-year-old granddaughter a box for her birthday.
I think of them as a concentrated, lipstick consistency watercolors. I've used them by just applying them directly to my project or by watering them down with water. When stamping, I directly apply them to the stamp then lightly spritz the stamp with water and stamp. The results are soft but vibrant. There are tons of great videos on YouTube. That's were I learned to use the product.
You have to use a sealant. They recommend using their clear Gel Medium or Glaze or a spray sealer. They don't recommend machine washing.
I use gellatos overtop of acrylics frequently and they create beautiful effects. I haven't painted acrylics on top of the gellatos. They tend to be a bit like a crayon but much more creamy. I'm not sure how acrylics would react on top of the gellatos.
This set includes 28 pigment sticks, a deluxe water brush, two smudge sticks, and two foam blending tools. The slide-out gift box doubles as a storage container. An illustrated technique booklet is also included. The product works pretty well but the Gelato saturates easier if drawn on pre-wetted paper rather than drawing on the dry surface and working with a wet brush. They are more effective as a pastel-like tool rather than a watercolor media.
No, I don't think so,they do need water to blend well.
Yes, water and a brush is needed to give a water color effect, but using a stump to move the color around might work. Playing is the only way to see how much a medium can do.
haven't used w/acrylics. I like the way they move on canvas and I do seal them before and after each step to prevent running.
Assuming you have the hose for an airbrush, nothing. But if you are using a shop compressor I would recommend a moisture trap as well.
Tricia. I can't answer your question about the supply issue or where to buy it, just buy it! I build F1 1:12 scale model cars and love this gun! Not the best for doing large flat areas, but for detailing, none is better. Mine even came with a spare tip for the sucker is very very small. Hope you find one.
Badger has their own proprietory hose fittings, however this airbrush comes with a hose adapter to fit with a standard 1/4" hose.
Absolutely! This airbrush is by far my favorite. If you're going to buy this amazing airbrush just make sure you also purchase a good compressor. I would also advise watching some videos on YouTube to really get the theory and techniques down. It takes significant time and practice, like any other kind of painting.
You need the R-0116 needle which is the ultra-fine. 0.21mm or the R-0117 for the "Fine" needle 0.31mm Ultra-fine http://www.amazon.com/Badger-Air-Brush-Company-Needle-Renegade/dp/B004RM753C/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1417762850&sr=8-1&keywords=Badger+replacement+needle+for+Renegade Fine: http://www.amazon.com/Badger-Air-Brush-Company-Needle-Renegade/dp/B0049KVAD8/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1417763021&sr=8-1-fkmr0&keywords=Badger+replacement+needle+R-0117
0.2 and 0.3mm
I think Amazon has the wrong picture listed. My airbrush indeed does say Renegade where it says Krome on the picture. That said, the pictured airbrush is basically identical to the Renegade aside from that.
Can't say fr personal experience but what I use it for os similar and should do great. Very wide range of line size from pencil line to large shading.
The Krome is great, got to keep it clean, just like any other airbrush. I do not know much about the Sotar, other than the review's. I would say it is a cheaper version of the Krome. For durability the Krome is great. I paint models with it. Breaking it down to clean after a session is a bit taxing but I'm happy with it. I would think the Sotar is great for it's price. I might get one for a back up. The Krome is awesome, I wanted it because it was all metal and will stand up to the use after several sessions.
Hi. Good question. I have no statistical results- but nylon is a kind of plastic-but not just any cheap plastic- a good durable and forgiving kind. To the best of my knowledge, and I'm not an expert- nylon plastic 's used insiead of 'just any plastic' because it's durable, isn't brittle (like, no gears easily cracking off) doesn't tend to stick to itself. (all sorts of good tools use nylon.). I don't have a metal-gear one here to compare to, but I liked the nylon gears, because I've had experience with cheap metal gears- they lock up a lot- nylon is kind of a preferred gear material (break open any small machine thing- watches, toys and it will usually have a lot of nylon gears- not any plastic but nylon) and - I actually read in advance people who preferred this baller because their metal geared large baller seized up a lot. I use this nylon gear one a lot, and it's great. If I had to replace it, or get a second one, I'd get nylon gears again. I'm not an expert, but that's been my pretty consistent experience with ballers and geared hand-equipment generally. I'm wary of metal-geared hand-ballers. I hope that helps. (To ammend, I think with electric machines- electric ballers, sewing machines etc- the motor can have mostly metal gears- and there, I'd prefer more durable metal, because those set up more precisely and are housed and locked in place. With hand ballers, hand winding machines, you're cranking at an angle TO the winder, your arm and hand aren't 'precision geared' etc- so that's where a lot of wiggle and off-angle stress can throw metal gears off. For housed machine gears that don't have that off-angle stress, they can be set up more precisely and that's where in some cases metal gears have the mechanical 'no wear out' advantage.) For handballers- and you know this- we get tired, switch positions, affix them to tables in different ways, stand up, sit down, stretch, while we're balling hundreds of yards- that would freeze up a metal gear whereas nylon has some forgiveness and keeps turning. That said- NO problems with mine, and if I had it to do again, Id' go with this over metal gears. :) Oh- question for you, or anyone. What is a good inexpensive non-wobbly skein winder? I have a plastic umbrella-style (cost $19 bucks, can't beat the price, but so wobbly, catches yarn all the time, slips. YIKE!) I just really like the top-crank feature. Any good under $80 or so skein winders (umbrella or cross style, either) that are ergonomically easy to wind? TIA!
I tend to pull from the center of a ball to knit so I often rewind the left overs back into a ball. You don't need a whole lot. The cone is one size but I think the reason it's for up to 10oz or so of yarn is because the bottom on the cone comes out further and the arms that wind the yarn are long enough to fit around the ball that is being wound- if that makes sense. For amounts that are next to nothing I just wind into a small ball with my fingers and throw into the pile with others- these are like next to nothing quarter sizes. Hope that helps
Approx the top 1 inch of the cone does not fill. But I have done countless large skeins without trouble. Make sure you go through the hook that is stationary first then the one that winds and through the slot on the cone, coming in from the top of the second "winder" I also found that the winding post that connects to the screw on the bottom should come out diretly from that, if it's on the side it doesn't like to wind well.. But the top approx 1 inch of the cone does not fill. The rest does fill nicely and the ball is evenly wound. I just did a skein of super bulky weight yarn and it is 5" tall and 5" accross. I hope this helped.
I just lay it out in front of the winder and let it feed through my hand while I wind with the other hand. I hope this helps.
No, this is just a yarn winder, it doesn't ply.
Do you use a swift? I have never had a tight result; but then again I use the yarn from the outside of the ball of yarn. To me pulling from the inside causes the yarn to be roughed up.
Looking at ours, it is inserted to where the end is even with the metal block it's inserted into. As far as how it might be slanted, it isn't. It appears parallel to the base. Don't know if that helps.
China
Linda: Sorry to hear you're having difficulty. Here are a few suggestions: 1st - Make sure the yarn is able to flow evenly so once you start to crank the winder, you don't have to stop. 2nd. Make sure the longest metal arm is in tightened down and is in a straight line to the hank of spinning yarn. 3rd. When you begin to crank, continue in the same clockwise direction, never stopping. 4th, the yarn should come off the hank at the same level as the winder, not below it and must flow smoothly. I found if I used my dominant hand to crank and my non-dominant hand to help guide the yarn from the "spinning hank", it worked better than just cranking the winder. My first attempt I had trouble with the crank, getting confused as to which direction I was spinning. Made a mess. I assume you are using something for the hank of yarn to spin on while you crank. Won't work without that. Hope this helped you. If you don't have an "umbrella" for the yarn, here's a suggestion:http://www.amazon.com/Stanwood-Needlecraft-Wooden-Umbrella-Winder/dp/B000IG1I8O/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1388088237&sr=8-2&keywords=yarn+winder
Yoy can make the cake as small as you want. The largest I was able to make is just over 5" in diameter.
One package of six bottles.
They are about four inches tall!
they're hard, but I squeeze them a little
You are right, it does not specify. That is a problem with many items listed on Amazon. Details are not always provided. Each bag of bottles contains 6 individual bottles with caps. They are clear (not opaque) plastic. Tops screw on and also have a flip cap, so you can flip up the cover and dribble paint from the bottle. Any other questions?
Yes
I really don't know. I use them for essential oil mixtures-- lotions etc.
1 1/4 inch.
I used them to store hand lotion for travel without issue. I found them hard to get the lotion back out of, though.
From the product description: "Includes 6 bottles per pack". That's how many I received, too.
Six..
Agape Gifts offer free shipping within the United States
Yes the mat goes through from front to back, so you need to make sure that there is nothing behind your machine that would be in the way while it is cutting. The mat is made of a form of plastic vinyl combination I would think and it's about 1 to 1 1/2mm thick. It isn't as thick as the Cricut mat, nor as rigid. I must assume that you could make your own mat, I guess in some way be copied. But the mat is a very very important part of the concept in the workings of this amazing machine. What you create will only be as good as the materials you use in the process. Amazon sells the Silhouette mats at almost half the price on the Silhouette website. And if you are an Amazon Prime member, you get the mat in 2 days with free shipping. So with Amazon's amazing price and free shipping, you save a bunch.
The Mat is 13.99. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime it's 13.29 and free two day shipping. I don't see packets of 3. There are other buying choices which mean that Amazon is just a facilitator in the order. The product comes from other vendors. I hope this helped. I have only one of these mats as I don't have a need that often to have one that long. I always use the 12x12.
It should as long as you place them correctly
Yes
Probably! It depends on just how big your cord is. Standard decorative cording that you get at fabric stores can be attached with the largest foot. (You can attach cording that is a little bigger than the tunnel in the foot.). Hope this helps!
Yes
yes it will fit any home sewing machine make sure your machine is a low shank
I am not sure I have a brother
if it is a low shank it will fit,there is a pass thur for the cord
This presser foot is a snap on foot. If your maching has a low shank and accepts snap on feet you should be okay.
I doubt that there is - I'd just search for the same thing only High Shank - maybe they have those as well.
No
Don't know but It fit my Singer. They are kind of universal.
http://www.ehow.com/facts_6153221_low-high-shank-sewing-machines.html This is how I decided. However, although I have a low shank machine the screw provided with my original presser foot was not long enough for this presser foot. I had been using the zipper foot on my Singer machine and it works OK, but I purchased the Distinctive presser feet for welting and I am determined to figure it out.
its a Tex 30, so I beleive the conversion is 40weight
Yes it can be used on a serger. However I had to put the cone on a free standing thread stand next to my mahince. There is so much thread on this cone it is too wide to fit on my spool pin :) Great thread & no knots so far. I have used about 1/3rd of the cone.
I should think so. It is cotton. I wouldn't think that it would burn in a microwave oven.
I believe so. I purchased it because it said it was, and it looks and feels like it's cotton
This is pure white, no tint or color at all.
I do not use a surger but this is regular thread. You use a cone thread stand to hold it.
HI .... I.D. OF HOLE IS APX. 15/32" INCH. ...........
No. The most this clamp will open seems to be about 2 1/4-2 3/8 inches.
Yes it does
The 1.5 inches long wouldn't be a problem, but this clamp is meant for lamps where the attachment has a diameter of just under 0.5 inches. That's about the size of a sharpie marker, just a bit bigger than a pencil. If your magnifying light has a 1.2 inch diameter attachment, that is HUGE (about the size of a weight-lifting barbell), and will need a specialized clamp. Sorry.
Yes. There's a post on the bottom of the lamp that fits a hole in the clamp. The clamp is superior to what is included with the lamp
I think so...if I understand your question. I'm using it on a table where the top extends 1.5" from the table's frame. 1.5" looks to be the minimum. 1.75" should provide plenty of table top to clamp to.
2-1/8 inches Amy
I measured it with a vernier caliper. I got 1/2" on my sample.
Yes, the stem on the lamp will fit the hole of this clamp.
If I actually owned an Ikea Studio Design #2022, I could have answered this with a yes or no. What is holding the lamp is the female part of the clamp. If your Ikea lamp has a male part around the 1/4" it should fit.
I can't really answer that because I've never used an open toe. I can only tell you that I love this free motion foot. The opening is large, compared to some of the others I've used; and it is very sturdy. I didn't feel that I couldn't see the area I was quilting.
Yor manual should tell you. You could also search the Internet with the model number. Most machines are low shank.
This foot also has an arm that goes over the needle bar.
Hi, Janet. The instructions for the one I bought were in the packaging itself, printed on a fold of the cardboard, if this makes sense. It looks complicated to attach, but it is really easy. You make sure that the two-pronged portion goes around the attachment screw on the base of the foot-holder. I'm a recent sewer and quilter so I may not be using the right terminology, but if you know anyone that sews regularly they could help you. Good luck.
It fits any low shank machine. You need to determine if your machine is low shank, high shank or slant shank. It is a well made piece and works well on most of my machines.
If your machine has a low shank, then it probably will. Do not buy it if your machine has a high or slanted shank. I have not used this on a viking, so you are on your own. As a rule of thumb, sewing machine accessories are designed to fit either high shank, low shank or slanted shank machines. You are far more likely to get into trouble with bobbins than with shank accessories. Always always buy your sewing machine brand bobbin....sorry got off track there but I get a lot of call from my friends over bobbins....
Please contact the seller to find out.
Hi Claire. From the specs it appears that it should work. I have a Janome New Home Mechanical that I bought 20 years ago and have used it in manufacturing cloth dolls. It is still going strong. Hope this helps! DJ.
Aloha...I have a Brother model and it works fine. If you don't get a response from a Pfaff owner, I would recommend you go to the Pfaff website and determine if it is compatible with your machine. Hope it works out for you.
yes, I believe brother is compatible to the low shank hook-up. Good luck and enjoy.
I purchased the Sewing Machine Accessory Bible by Wendy Gardiner & Lorna Knight. On the Amazon website I was able to look inside the book and see the table of contents. They have many of the same specialty feet that I have and there are several pictures as well as instructions and tips. I also take advantage of the many youtube videos that actually show people using the different feet. The major sewing companies have a lot of instructions and videos online too.
Pretty good. I recommend you test it on a scrap piece first because it can be a little tricky threading thinner things. Ribbon and binding will sometimes twist if you're not careful but overall, it works well for embellishments.
This foot cannot accommodate cording or any other bulky trims. I believe it is designed for ribbons and such. It seems that the widest that will fit is 1/4" ribbons.
Sorry I can't help you because i haven't used the foot .
Husqvarna is not listing as accepting the Distinctive Seam Guide. If you want a good, simple easy to use guide look at the Dritz Magnetic Seam Guide. It is the best available, in my opinion... $4.49
Yes it can, it is very useful. I have enjoyed all of the sewing machine feet I purchased from Amazon, the price is at least a third of that at the seeing machine retail stores.
I love my 1/4" foot too, however this is a versatile tool because it easy marks many other widths that are hard to keep track of on the throat plate. Sure you can do without it by measuring and marking your machine, but this is so much easier. Why fight it?
I have a Singer, model # 3116, Simple. This pressure foot is 7 MM wide and it fits my machine perfect. Measure your present pressure foot and if it is smaller than 7 mm you still should be able to use this one.
I looked at your machine online, and it appears that it would fit based on the type of shank you have and the feet available for it. If it doesn't, Amazon is very good about returning an item that doesn't work.
If your machine can accept a snap on foot, it will work on it. Please note that the foot itself is not marked off. Personally I wish that each line were a different color to make it easier to follow, but I find it easier than following a shallow line on the machine itself. Good luck and happy stitiching!
If your machine has a low shank it should.
E 6000 glue. You can get a huge tube of it from michaels craft store for cheap
Yea. It all depends on what glue you use. I do not recommend. E6000. It sucks.
There are several strong fabric glues. I'd try one of those. I would not use hot glue. A craft/hobby store would be your best best ... JoAnn crafts, Hobby Lobby, Michael's, etc.
Yes, all the pieces were the same size. SS means stone size. 10ss is the same as 3mm.
These are super tiny rhinestones and don't come with metal clamps to secure them. I glue them to my projects. I'm not sure if clamps are available for these since they are so small.
In my pack there was like 7 different shades of colors
I really don't know
No they don't have any holes
Hi, there are black, metalic charcoal color, metalic silver, yellow, red, coral, orange, green, light green, turquoise, bright blue, pink, rose, light blue, brown, tan, clear... I think I remembered all the colors. There are a lot. Enjoy!
between 22 & 23 inches long
I don't remember this was a long time ago but the same size as Mardi Gra beads.
Not at all. They're not shiny at all, they're just cheap, matte, plastic beads.
No
Worked well with the Brother Isodore.
Ours was set pretty well. My wife didn't need to adjust anything on our machine.
If it's just like the one that Brother makes, then yes. There is a tension screw on the bobbin case that you can tighten that should allow it to handle shirring properly. I wouldn't mess with the bobbin tension unless you have another bobbin case that you're using only for shirring because you'll have a difficult time getting it back to factory settings.
No its different
If it looks like your bobbin case I'm sure it will fit. I have a Laura Ashley INO 5000 and it works perfect.
I don't know. Perhaps you can compare yours with it and see if there are similarities
I used it in my brother pe500 works great.
I'm sure it will I have a Brother Laura Ashley InoV 5000 It sure solved my sewing problems my case had a small cut on the tip plastic If you've ever broken a needle you can get cuts on the tip of the case and that Is what causes all the trouble. I have had my new one for quite a while and have had no problems.
This is a green screw, I bought 2 and they work perfectly on both my brother Innovis machines.
This is a very stiff and sturdy fabric. Compare it to the fabric used in those large white canvas tents you can rent. I don't think it would be soft enough for pillows.
60 inches (actually 59.5).
I'm not sure but it's twice as heavy as the Surefit covers I bought it to match. It comes stiff, but a couple trips through the washer got it to the texture and color I wanted. Hope this helps!!!!!!
Hello, bridgid, you can just order as many yards as you like. Just enter the number of yards you want. We have many available.
Yes
I used this when I painted an upholstered chair. I didn't iron it when I was done and I haven't had any problems.
Yes, it works with regular acrylic paint (any brand). You're pretty much making your own fabric paint so you don't have to buy it ($$).
There are directions on the bottle for potion ratios. I can't really say one way or another how well it will hold up on camping chairs as I haven't tried that personally (although I may have to now since that sounds very cool) but putting what I have used it on through the wash a few times it seems like my paint has held up a lot better than those I used without it. I still have a few spots where it did come off some bit I am not sure it it's because I didn't mix it well enough or because it isn't working like it should my dish clothes have held up amazingly well though as I use them daily!
Yes it will help it bind to fabric, especially when heat (iron) is applied For painting on fabric; you can mix this with any paint, Acrylic Chalk etc. You might check product ingredients, for any content issues as they might relate to babies. I don't know anything on that, but you can't be too careful. Also look at "Fabrico Inks" in fabric ink search here at Amazon. Wife says they're great for painting on fabric, uses stencils & a small mister bottle. Good Luck
I don't see why not. I used it on fabric that went on a stool cover. Might do some research online.
I've used it on linen, and it worked fine!
I can only go by what I did. I painted a piece of silk to go on a chair seat and it stiffened the fabric quite a bit.
I'm not sure if this would work as I had added my color (paint) to it. Here's something that might help though.....http://sandraleichner.com/wordpress/colored-pencil-applique-tutorial/ It says to use extender. Hope this helps.
I wouldn't recommend it for that. It's not a sealant, it's a medium that makes acrylics compatible for clothing designs. You'd probably want something like Mod Podge.
I used the medium on fabric paint for upholstery so I have not washed it. Therefore, I cannot answer your question!
The paint is brush on.
I can't recall the exact time but it was around 2hrs.
On the bottle it says "non toxic, water based" so I believe it is not flammable
I used it on cinnamon ornaments , kinda like a cookie, so I don't really know, my guess would be yes
Yes, definitely! It has great coverage and would work well on cork.
I was trying to refinish the back of a druzy pendant. Initially the pendant looked fabulous! Then I decided to put an acrylic top coat on it to prevent the gold leaf from turning copper. (Also I wasn't sure how the gold leaf would react to being next to skin.) It turned copper anyway. I tried two different acrylic products, however, both times the pendant turned copper. Hope this info is helpful.
That's exactly what I used it over. Worked beautifully.
The color and application is very consistent with my use of gold leaf paint in the past. I think you will happy with the product and it's final appearance.
I used this product on Metal jump rings and it worked very well. I don't know anything about gilding book pages for the price it is worth a try. I really loved how well the finish looked.
bright yellow gold.
The gilding is slightly thicker and applies differently than normal metallic paint. For smaller applications, it would be worth the trouble of cleaning the stencil periodically to get the gilding look. This needs paint thinner to clean supplies. Large applications, go with a metallic paint with soap and water clean up. This is a very small jar...factor that into your stencil project.
You would need to clear coat it. I used on my mailbox letters in July (not really expecting it to hold up) and it's starting to fade.
Yes, it covers really well.
Yes. That's what I used it for and I'm very happy with the results.
Yes you can use it out doors. If glows really well under a black light, but not so well on its own unless you put on a ton of layers and charge it under direct light for a long time.
The spray goes on as a pale white/green layer, very neutral. It will glow in the dark for a short time like all glow in the dark paints. To test, "charge it" with a flashlight!
It all depends on how thick the application ends up. Thin paint-like coats only tend to last 6-15 seconds. Thick strings like letters or filling in cavities will last longer. 1-3 minutes. It shrinks alot while drying, too. So multiple applications may be necessary. No better or worse than other glo-crafts.
I have not tried them for glass etching, but I would be happy to cut a piece of my stencil off and send it to you to try. They are not sticky like a regular glass etching stencil, but they are flexible and I would just try the repositionable sprays for adhesion. What the heck, that's how we learn new techniques.
I did not order these, but based on the picture...the stencil is 8.75 inches wide and the dragonfly covers about 1/2 of the width...I'd say the wingspan is about 4 inches. Taking that measurement and comparing it to the length...it looks to be about 3.25 to 3.5 long.
Yes, but consider the size of the design.
Of course they can I used them to paint a wall and to decorate a wrap paper They are beautiful
you get the three stencils, each sheet is 8 3/4 x 16 3/4. One has only one pattern on it, the other two have several different ones.
plastic. And not nearly as large or as durable as I'd thought they'd be. If you don't store them flat they refuse to lay flush when you try to position them.
I actually use them to decorate pottery so I can't tell you for sure. The bird in the wreath is pretty large (approximately 5 inches around) as are a few of the floral scrolls. Hope this helps.
the letters are not that big, the uppercase letter are about 1 & 1/2" inches high by 2" inches wide and the lowercase are about 1" high by 1" wide.
When I got the letters they were the wrong ones and never reordered them
I was very disappointed with this set. Firstly, it is easy to break the letters since the punching isn't very good. Secondly, it takes a long time to punch them out. Thirdly, I find this style of alphabet too hard to easily determine what some of the letters are and, finally, the cardboard on which it is made is not very sturdy. I haven't been inspired to use mine, yet, but I suspect they won't last more than a few uses and some of the letters have been damaged punching them out in any event. I would not recommend buying this type of lettering from Martha Stewart. Look for something sturdier, in plastic, say. Hope this helps!
It was really difficult. I ended up not using them for what I had hoped to.
The capital and lower case letters come on the same stencil so you would have to cut the lower case letter from its capital. However, I still don't think that the lower case letters will join up in a cohesive cursive style. I am very disappointed with this product. The paper is very flimsy and it takes a great deal of time and effort to make the letters into a stencil. You have to punch out each letter, number, etc. Sometimes, they tear. Also, this particular style has many flourishes to the point of some letters being unrecognizable. Given the quality of this product, it is not likely you can use the stencils for several uses. I recommend buying a more robust product. Hope this helps!
Yes! I used it to etch wine glasses. It rinses off no problem and doesn't damage the stencils at all.
The actual letter is 3/8 x 3/8, so not quite half of an inch. Width and height are the same. I haven't used them yet, so I can't speak to that.
The uppercase letters and numerals are about 1/2-inch tall each. Of course the lowercase letters are generally a little bit shorter than that. (The individual stencils are each a little less than 1-inch tall and 3/4-inch wide.) Hope this helps!
As long as the paint is dry, I don't think so--these are a lot like restickable window decals. They're meant for glass or enamel. Hope that helps!
Yes, many times over
I guess you could do it that way, depending on the design. I purchased 2 sets to try and avoid that problem. I also did a variation of designs and all liwer case or all capital letters. Hope this helps.
I think most of the stencils could be, there are only a couple that are really fine and could be a problem.
Not really, they are stickers which are great on fabric but would be hard to put on a cake.
Pearl Colors: Tiger Lily (orange), Jet Stream (Light blue) Aquarium (Darker blue) Eclipse (Purple) Mint Chip (light green). Metallic Colors: Fruit Punch (Dark pink) Yellow Gold, Gold, Sterling, Pink Taffeta.
Yes. I have used them on chipboard, metal, wood and glass after a coat of gesso. Have had no instance of chipping or peeling. They leave a beautiful pearlized finish.
They're in jars.
Yes. These paints are suitable but you have to mix them with martha stewart fabric medium which I also bought on amazon. The fabric medium makes the paint washable on clothing so the paint does not come off. Directions are on the medium bottle.
Jonathan, We use the tool on 115 volt/60 hz.electrical service. Generally, if a product is not labeled for 230 volt, it should not be used with that voltage and in all likelihood will become overheated, fail, melt, explode .... Not a good idea. Our tool has a standard 2 pronged electrical plug for use in a 115 volt outlet and will not fit into a 230 volt outlet.
There is no wire attachment for cutting styrofoam, the tips are for stencil cutting (thin plastic). There may be an attachment you can get, but more likely they offer the styrofoam cutter as a separate tool. Hope this helps =)
I do not have replacement tips
No, I Can not
Yes
No...the tip gets very hot. It burns the paper
There are some other notions like lace and ribbon but that is essentially it. I found that you need to understand sewing a lot to finish these dolls. I am a beginner and the directions were not enough for me to be able to do it by myself. Had to enlist help.
All of the material for the actual doll is in the kit. There is a list of things you will need......stuffing, lace, ribbon, & what colors of embroidery floss. It's not very much of anything but nothing else is included.
Karen, The kit makes a 14" doll. Fun to make.
I have not used them yet, BUT they are flimsy.
Each of the cut outs are 2 1/8". The height of the stencil as a whole is 6". Hope that helps.
Very flexible thin plastic. They will easily go around a glass or vase.
Each of the three sheets are quite large... about 6 x 14 inches.
the starburst stencils are two sizes, one about 4" and the other about 3". The edge lattice is about 11". Good for crafts but not for the wall design I had in mind.
This table is perfect for American Girl Dolls or any other 18 inch doll.
Definately wood - painted white - very solid.
Not familiar with that doll. This table and chairs are good for 18" inch doll.
Sorry I don't know. Please post it if you find some.
Yes
30 cm diameter table top. Table height 22 cm
it is made in usa. Great table for dolls. My daughter loves it.
Sorry, I just realized what these were. I thought it was a toddler table and chair set. No! These chairs and the table are for 18" dolls. Think American Girl dolls.
The diameter is 11 inches...and it is about 8 1/2 inches high.
It does not, seriously though, my 7 year old put it together with the included Allen wrench. It wasn't tough at all.
No. You have to buy the red bag separately. If you can still find it. I got mine on eBay.
If you are talking about automatic needle down, then no.
So sorry, wish I could help, but I have not had this problem. That said, I haven't done much in the one of "decorative stitches," yet either.
It does not come with this attachment.
To do embroidery using the SINGER 160 Anniversary sewing machine, it will be necessary to first purchase a Darning/Embroidery Foot. After placing this foot on the machine, disengage the machine's feed dogs. Embroidery is then done with the free-motion sewing technique. You can use a SINGER Style 2000 chromium needle to do the free-motion embroidery technique.
The SINGER 160 Anniversary Limited Edition sewing machine can be used to sew garment weight leather. Use a SINGER Leather needle, which has a wedge point designed for sewing leather. For sewing the type of leather such as that used for belts, etc., an industrial machine is recommended.
At the present time, we don't have a specific video for threading the bobbin of the SINGER model 160 sewing machine. The directions for bobbin winding are, though, well illustrated in the instruction manual. Be sure to use only SINGER Class 15J bobbins in your machine, as this is the only style of bobbin that is specified for use with this machine. Additional bobbins are also available at Amazon.
We had trouble with the tension from the time we received it. Finally had to take it in to Missouri Sewing Machine to get it right, at own cost. Now it works great.
I would go to singer on the web and order one
Why not..you might need an electrical converter for the plug ! Its a great machine...very sophisticated.
I have used this for well over 100 hours and this unit is still running strong. Make sure, if you get one, to do the proper burn in though. Before you use it for the first time; Let it warm up to maximum heat without the crucible in it, and then let it cool off for at least four hours. Subsequently, It you use it, make sure it has that four hour time period before you use it again. This will lengthen the life of your heating coils. This is an excellent purchase; from my experience. I hope this helps.
Hi Jacob. There are four major components to this furnace. The heating coil and the thermocoupler are usually the only things to really "burn out". The heating coil is wrapped inside the square part of the furnace where you drop the graphite crucible into. The thermocoupler is the little probe that sticks up into the heating chamber, where you drop the crucible into, from the bottom. Usually those are the parts that will eventually need replacing. They are like light bulbs and have a limited life span. But we have both of those parts available. We'll actually replace them for 3 months. If they fail after 3 months they are available for purchase. The heating chamber comes as the whole top of the furnace and costs $80.35. The thermocoupler is available for $19.99. If you have any questions please feel free to email us or call us directly Monday-Friday 8AM-4PM PST @ 1-866-425-4693.
Yea happened to me too. I emailed them and they sent me a replacement part. I was told not to max out the heat temp. So I kept it less then a 100 deg. C from the max temp after I replaced the thermol . They did not charge me for the part either. So basically if I were you and if you have time to return it for a full refund and buy another one and keep it 100 c under the max temp you should be fine. You could email them and see if they will give you the replacement part but it was a little hard changing the part. But it can be done. It's been working fine ever since.
No
Ore of any metal is mostly rock you don't want, gold and silver especially, and is extracted chemically not by heat. It would take several tons of rock to get just one once of gold. I have not tried sand, but from experience I know sand won't melt as it is grains of silica, quartz, and other minerals. The metals that this furnace can melt are: Copper, gold, silver, aluminum, tin, lead, yellow brass, and red brass.
1-866-425-4693 That is the number I use
Specialty Diamond - Amazon Marketplace &lt;0z7xmntphw1jmmd@marketplace.amazon.com&gt; These guys sent me the manual. It's called Secco Manual.doc. I tried copy & paste but it won't paste.
what brand furnace and model do you own there are different kinds and what is your furnace doing
This furnace is designed for Gold and Silver smelting. Since the melting point of Gold is 1,948F, it should melt aluminum at 1,220F. But avoid setting the temperature to its maximum as it may burn out the heating element(which may be purchased at the manufacturer's site)
16 inches square at the base. 24 inches tall.
Yes, they are rigid plastic. I got them as a gift for someone. No complaints from her about them.
Standard DVD Case size.
No....can't be. Maybe .5 (1/2) pound? They are lightweight.
They are rectangular! And larger than a regular cd case.
It's the size of a standard DVD case.
Pretty sturdy, stays closed just as well as any jewel case.
A hard clear plastic.
If your rubber stamps already have cling, such as Heartfelt Creations, they should stick to the case. The depth of the case is 1/4".
I use them for clear stamps and there's enough clearance that the stamp doesn't stick to both sides of the case (I had tried a comic book case and because it was so thin, I had to break the case to get the stamp out). There's enough clearance for rubber stamps without the foam backing. These are a little bit thinner than cd cases.
I would think so.
I bought this in 2012 and they are small plastic. Sorry I was not impressed with the quality of the bead.
These are individual and a bit lighter than the picture I was happy with my purchase though
thread, UHUglue, both :)
No, they do not float.
The holes are a little bigger than some of the average beads.
Yes they are white and they are a little bigger than I wanted but I'll use them anyway. I hope this helps.
There are holes in these
can't tell the difference
you would use them to make a bracelet on your own, and these are spacer beads, so typically you would put a round bead (I think these are 9mm) between them. Since these are very colorful, I recommend using a clear bead so you could wear it with more outfits. An easy way is to buy some "stretch magic" beading string, the clear beads, string them to your size wrist, tie it off and put a dab of super glue on the knot. Fun project and not very expensive, then you will find that everyone wants one and you will have a great gift idea for your friends and family.
I use .6mm & .8mm for earrings and bracelets. It would really depend on the sized beads that you will use with them. I would also use all three sizes for the necklaces and bracelets as you use graduating sizes of beads for both. I sounds like you might want to se these for charms and yes, they would 'fit' your standard size 3mm 'bead ball' chain. You will be SO pleased with this product, you may end up using them on Everything in the house, like window blinds, pulleys for ceiling fans, accents in flower arrangements and all your crafting projects as I have. @ It's Just Me
so what is the actual question you need answered?
No. The stringing holes are much too small for Pandora bracelets
I have never made a true Pandora bracelet. I think the holes will be too small. MAK, PA
The Swarovski Crystal Rondelle Spacer is a nice spacer, but they are small, the hole is very small, and they are only good for small projects. I don't know what a Brighton bracelet is. JH
For string beading only, Made in China, Quality issues (check each item), Count issues (Some one does not count it out well), Not Sure that this item is a real Swarovski item due to poor quality in some batches, Write to seller about the problems...the seller is new and they will resend the amount that you need which they did for me 5 times with each of my batch counts different. There is a language problem...Chinese and English translation but if you write to them directly and calmly explain it to them they will make good on what you want. I will say that these crystals are beautiful when you feel, hold and use them. Everything I wrote above is true....was it worth it for me to purchase them.....Yes, I plan on doing it again (I ordered different amounts and colors from the same seller). Each time I found an errors in each of my batches and the seller has always made good either sending me the correct amount or sending me slightly more to make up for their errors (which are a few problems). Am fugal when it comes to beads and this is worth the time and effort I put in counting out all the batches ( I also ordered multiple batches of 400 etc. different colors etc...it took me most of one evening to make sure that each batch and each crystal was perfect. The ones that were made incorrectly and the missing bead count are total and I do think if you have a crystal is not perfect then you don't have a bead to use. I hope this answers your question?
It's just over 1 1/4 inches across one diamond.
I believe there was around 30 or so.
They are clear.
No, you are not missing anything. There are no holes for attaching ribbons. The description is inaccurate. Luckily for me we were not using them in that manner so they still worked for me. Good luck.
I'm Not Sure, they are definitely clear.
The Diamonds that I ordered are clear .
I did use them for a wedding, I wasn't happy with the edges on some of them, but they worked ok. My grandson's really got into the Gems, they called them crystals because of all of the skylanders and figurines they play with. The granddaughters are into Princess things so that worked too. Yes, they will work for a treasure chest, sounds like they will have fun. My five year old grandson wanted to know if I had colored ones. Another consideration.
My best guess is about three bags. They are big but in a 2lb bags there is only about 30.
No there are no holes in them.
I had at least 116+. I had given away a few, I don't remember how many I gave away, I know it was no more than 20.
the measurements should be inches.
I guess that's just the name of their company...it has nothing to do with the actual product of Soft and Stable. One can purchase Soft and Stable from numerous sources, it just depends on whose price looks good to you at the moment of purchase.
You are correct Ms. Rochelle - and thank you for the heads up. Amazon has been notified of this error Have a great day.
Multi Design Frame Pattern - Gives more than one design.
Soft n Stable is just a stabilizer, but the seller has purse patterns that the stabilizer is used for.
I would prewash if I was going to use for placemats. I have used this product for purses and I pad cases, none of which will be washed, at least not dried! If you will be using the placemats, and they won't be entirely decorative, I would prewash
On the Soft and Stable that I bought, there isn't any mention of "Deep Red Stamps" at all! I bought Soft and Stable for a tote bag and it was and is perfect. Easy to cut, sew and fabric maintains its shape.
Yes, looks like the same thing. Mine work fine so far and I favor the safety compass over the traditional compass because I just hate to see what students might do with the traditional type. :-)
No, the slider does not lock at all. The only solution I found was to have my students use a piece of tape to hold it in place. :-(
It looks the same
Yes, u can use them like that.
These rhinestones are not the real thing,but they are second to almost. They are silver and they sparkle bright, i have purchase these rhinestones so many times and i have had complimented on how shiny they look. U dont want to put top coat on them because u will take shine out.but my way i put a bit of nailene ultra quick nail glue, purchase at family dollar for 3Dollars last a long time for these rhinestones. But thats why they are cheap because they are not real silver rhinestones, only imitates it,but as said its like second to being the real crystal rhinestones. But no one needs to know, rit.lol.
E-6000 has no effect on these, and they're very nice rhinestones! Very good quality especially for the price!
Yes you can....but it also depends on the type of glue you use....and the colored ones shines real bright...some of the clear ones can look alil dull from time to time....but its a real good buy
Ray, I am 99% sure they are acrylic. They have great shine and appear to be all uniform. Hope I've helped you.
Honestly, they look pretty cheap. They aren't foggy necessarily, however they don't look anywhere near what a real jewel might look like. Good for arts and crafts though!
HK shipping about 2-3weeks&#65292;you can select U.S seller which provide 2-5days delivery.
no&#65292;choice USA seller or FBA&#65292;it could be 2-5days delivery. they can glued on sneakkers with no doubt.
for USA seller&#65292;2-5days
All of our products are shipped from NJ USA.
No it doesn't. It includes sponges and different brushes but no squeegee.
Acrylic paint can be baked in the oven so I'm pretty sure it would be fine behind a stove.
I have not used this paint on glazed white subway tiles but I have used it on ceramic, glass, paper and wood and it has not peeled or cracked. I have washed the cups and glassed I painted and the paint did not come off.
Probably will need to be cured, because they are water based and washable . I think varnishing could work too, regardless of material of totes...
Yes they clean with water.x
I never used varnish so cannot help, sorry.
I am pretty sure they can. So far I used them on metal and glass and works well, I don't see why not on a wall. These particular colors are soft and they need repeating , consider that also ..
They are not cans, but tubes. Each stiff tube is 2 oz ---
These paints dry fairly quickly, usually 15 - 20 minutes. I have never tried to use them as spray paint, but I would think doing so would shorten the drying time a bit. They are good quality, long lasting paints. Enjoy! And good luck.
i found the colors to be a little different when they dried. i used them mostly for mixed media painting on canvas. i DID do one t-shirt. and had to retouch it, after i washed it. after that, it was "just OK". be sure to put some cardboard protection under the layer of fabric you are painting. also, give plenty of drying time. if i had it to do over, i would make a small color sampler, by drawing a line from each color first, so that you can see what it will look like when it dries. rather than waste them, i still use them on occasion, but mostly i use another brand. and btw, i like martha stewart and regret giving such a negative answer. good luck.
Yes, they do fine if cured...so long as you want a paint that is very opaque, as opposed to the traditional "see-thru" glass paints. To cure, I place in a 300 degree oven for 30 mins, then turn off the oven and allow the painted item to cool in the oven.
weelllll painting on fabric, is a friggin nightmare...but maybe you'll be a pro. I had nothing but problems. Now silk.....no idea I only used it on cotton. Remember you have to get that other stuff, Fabric Medium (yes that's what it's called, Martha S. also makes it) to mix with it...so it will adhere to the fabric and not wash off. I think if you have patience, you'll do great, I have has much patiences has a 5 year old on Christmas morning. SO good luck.
M/S paints are exceptionally good quality paints. Some of them are a bit thick, the high-gloss paints, more so than others. Paints also get thicker as they age. I don't know what the shelf life is on these paints, but I have found that they do tend to thicken to almost a "gel like" substance the older they get. Adding water is okay and does not effect the outcome of your project - as long as it's only a small amount of water. Too much water will make the paints lose some of the gloss effect and will not cover as thoroughly. If the paint is too gel like or too thick already, I would advise buying a new bottle (or set) to insure the best outcome for your project. The paint should Not be 'gel like' brand new. It should be thick but easily useable. A word of caution: Hobby and Craft stores, as well as Paint stores, often put their paints On Sale as they enter the end of their factory recommended shelf life. The paints are still good, but best used right away. Paints are also put On Sale as new colors hit the market and old ones fall out of favor, so not all paint 'on sale' has necessarily reached it 'sell by' date! I hope this info is helpful! C.Dinkins, Madison MS
Yes...I believe people bake items in oven to make this paint permanent. I am unsure of temp./time, but if no one answers with that info, try Googling. I know that I found that info accidentally when I Googled this set for more information/reviews prior to my purchase...I just don't recall the details!
Yes. They are pretty multi friendly. We personally used the paint on large tiles for my daughters preschool.
be sure the paint as set and dry. Place items to be baked in a COLD oven. set oven to 300, bake 20 minutes, shut off oven, DO NOT open oven, leave as is, until completely cool. Hang a towel on the oven handle as a warning to others that may open the oven. A shot of cool air could cause breakage. Good Luck
Yes they are
For painting on glass, yes, I usually bake it, but it does cure by itself in about three to four weeks. That's the length of time I wait when I paint on acrylic (glasses, plates, tumblers, etc.)
absolutely. I do it all the time :)
In must cases yes. If what you paint will be exposed to rain or other wet conditions I would suggest sealing.
i googled. this is what i found. "Yes, acrylic paint is flammable. Acrylic has chemical compounds not found in latex paint, which is not flammable."
No, they are small bottles of liquid paint you use with a brush.
Just use water! Then set with heat.
Gosh, I would have never thought of that. I guess it might depend on what the leather is being used for. If it's a belt or something that would be worn a lot, my guess would be no. If it's for like a wall hanging or something that is stationary and won't have any wear and tear, it might work. But then on the other hand, I'm no Martha Stewart, so what do I know!! If you haven't already looked, check out Martha's website. There may be more detailed information there? Good luck with your project!
not really. you'd have to glop it on and it streaks. if you primed the buckets first... any white semi gloss to flat inside/outside primer... though i find valtex ... or brehr ... multipurpose latex primer to work really well as it us made to cover mold, rust, water stains... it sticks and covers with 1 coat. Martha Stewart acrylic paint will then stick to the dried primer
I would have to say this paint could be used on clothing. While painting my daughters doll house I wore an old sweatshirt. Darn good thing I didn't care about the paint coming out! It' there to stay FOREVER!
It has the hook portion so they stick on the loop portion on a tac vest...for the money you can't beat this set. I have them on my swat vest and they look awesome. A lot of other officers here have bought the same set. Highly recommend.
No. But they can be easily seen and recognizable being white against a black background
They are screen printed. Decent quality for price
Yes it is and I am very happy with mine
I have not used Wilton sugar sheets. I did purchase some Generic brand from amazon for twice as many sheets for half the cost and they worked great.
I dont know about the canon IP3600 but I do like this one. Im new to edible printing but this one works great when it comes to the picture being clear. The only problem I have come across is when you need to print something with dark colors you need to enhance the color just a little to get it dark enough but that may be because of the sheets I use. Hope this helps.
It does work with rice paper and it works very nicely. You just have to make sure to use it at least once a week so the edible ink won't dry up.
You can print from media cards, you can also print from phone. You probably will need to update your computer.
Ink 4 cake cc-226c
No they are not
Hi Mabel. My printer refused to align also so I just bypassed it. It printed fine. If t gets blocked check the cartridge holder to make sure you don't have any dried ink or if the cartridge is bleeding to much. Hope this helps. Also, when I use rice paper, the pictures are not that great. But when I use sugar sheets (inkforcake) it comes out beautiful. Good luck
Hi Greetings .. We are delighted with the printer ... But you can send an email to the seller to see that that happens .. we was that we could not print .. but the reason was because we switched to local and misconfigured but and ... we do not know if my answer serves .. But it may send a msg or call attention to clients so that they communicate with the seller. Thanks Nice day ...
I do not.
No! They are the old ones. I bought this based on the person who said yes, but she either got a different set than I did or doesn't know there are new ones. These are not the hexagonal ones and they don't have the new blending formula. I won't send them back because I like them anyway but please be aware, you may get the old ones. If you want to buy the new ones, make sure you see them first or buy them from Crafters Companion.
I don't think so. This are not fabric markers, they are alcohol base. I would not use it on fabric.
yes, nibs on each end are replaceable and markers are refillable. ink colors are purchased in small bottles thru various scrapbooking websites........
These markers were purchased for my son whose artistic endeavors right now is ink on paper. I don't believe he's done anything on fabric. So, I can't say for certain. I would recommend contacting the manufacturer. Perhaps they can specify as to how well they'll hold up on certain fabrics washed (or dry-cleaned) under certain circumstances and for how long. I can say that he has enjoyed these pens for his drawings.
Fading will occur with time.
It depends what you'll be doing with them. Scrap booking I'd say pastels. Manga and comic like stuff lights. Interior design darks. And fashion would get brights.
They are not food safe
I have both and they are equally good. The main positive for the Copic are the brush nibs. But you can buy brush nibs for the Spectrum Noir. Spectrum Noir is an excellent marker.
These will seep through and probably cause cheap paper to tear and have little bits to come up. These are artist markers and must be used on good paper.
The new Spectrum Noir markers have a hexagon barrel so they are more comfortable to hold. Other than that, I have found no difference. I have both and use both with great results.
X-Press It Blending Card works the best of all Ive tried..including the brand recommended by Spectrum Noir.
I bought the old type (because they were on sale) and have had NO problem with them drying out. My understanding is that the new ones had altered caps because there had been complaints from people who found it difficult to remove the old caps (I have not).
I have used them on glossy photo paper for card making, hard to blend on photo paper though.
I'm sorry. I do not know. I di know these are very nice to work with
60 wide at least, and how ever many yds. You order will be in one piece. Lightweight and very soft.
is about 60" wide
Oh goodness I don't remember. I'm sorry I am no help here. I remember it was sent from fabric.com, maybe if you look it up on their website it will tell you. Now I'm interested to find out cuz I need more.
The way this works is that you remove the top cover of the machine and insert this in the slots where the top cover was attached. I couldn't tell from pictures of this machine online, but if your top cover can be removed, this will probably work.
Yes, I think so. I bought for my Ellisimo and I don't think they're different in that respect.
yes it will you will have to remove the lid cover to make it fit.
I'm sorry Robin, I have no idea ......... I have mine installed on my Baby Lock Ellisimo machine. If you belong to any on-line groups perhaps you could pose the question to the group and see if anyone else is using one on a Spirit. Sorry I can't be of more help :(
I'm sorry I can't tell you ..... All I know is it fits the Brother Quatro ans the Baby Lock Ellisimo.
I'm sorry Rebecca I can't tell you that - I installed mine on a BabyLock Ellisimo. Perhaps it would be best if you asked your dealer or dropped Brother an email asking them directly.
I own a brother quattro which is very similar to the ellisimo. I buy ellisimo parts for my brother & I don't have any problems. Therefore, I would assume that this should fit without a problem.
I imagine she is referring to the white, tacky craft glue that is widely available. Just look for bottles marked craft glue.....there are many brands including Alene's and Martha Stewart's own brand. The clay is very light when fully dried, so you would not need anything stronger than craft glue.
I am not sure what you mean by warping. Is it curling when it is drying? I have not had any problems with it but I do dry mine off a bit with a heat tool so it is firmed up a bit before I lay the items down. Once I have opened the clay I wrap it in cling film and store in an airtight container. I hope this helps you. Margaret.
We made small flowers out of the clay and let it air dry. I didn't know the answer to your question, so I sprayed some of my body oil mist on one the flowers and it does seem to me that the flower has absorbed the oil.
Yes,essentially but I got the impression that it was a bit more moist,than Martha's. Yes,it dies fine with reinkers. My favorite is using alcohol markers after it's dry.
Yes you can
I let mine dry first.
No, just really light weight. If you made the letters on the thick side,they wouldn't be delicate. Were you going to freehand the letters or use a mold ?
The letters are only 1/2 an inch tall- the molds from Martha are some of my favorites- good quality and easy to use
Yes, but keep in mind the letters are tiny.
I've never put the silicon molds in the oven. Just the freezer and fridge. Silicon should be o.k. if temp isn't too hot. I'd google silicon and see what temps they could survive.
No
I've never tried it, but I don't see why not.
Yes, definitely. I used Ice Resin in them and they were perfect.
I don't know.
I haven't used fondant. I don't know.
approx. 5/8 inch. tall and wide. some of the letters are only 1/2 inch wide but they are all 5/8in tall
The finished envelope is 3" wide by 4" tall. It's a very useful size......I use mine all the time.
Hello, The packaging says that the approximate assembled size is 3x4". Hope this helps, Craft Centre
Yes, it works with the cuddlebug the same way any of the Sizzix dies work with it.
Kieva, This is a single die. It is like a pattern but with a cutting surface used to cut out the envelope and closure circle that you then assemble yourself. This process requires a specialty machine that cuts from these die. Some people cut and put together the envelope then sell the envelope assembled. Often you find these under die cuts. The description will reflect this and how many you receive for whatever price they are asking. Hope this helps. JL
the Letters are about 1 1/2 inches tall and about 3/4 to an inch wide depending on the letter.
Yes - you just need the Cuttlebug extender plates.
Yes. This type of die can cut many materials.
The letters average around 1.25" x 1". I love this die..excellent product ! You do need to use the extended cutting plates.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure. I used them with my Big Shot and they worked fine.
Yes, they can be used with the Cuttlebug. You will need an "A" plate and either 2 "B" plates (try the two "B"s first ) or one "B" and one "C". I a few of these and so far they have worked out good.
Yes, I did.
I have only used this with cardstock and I am pleased with the embossing. Sorry I can't speak to how it works with the aluminum sheets or clay. Maybe another buyer can answer your question.
Yes
Yes it is polyester and is very good quality material
Yes it is!
I am sorry that an order needs 1-2 business days for handling time after it is purchased. Besides, it takes 1-3 business days for expedited shipping service. We cannot gurantee that it can reach by Friday, 4/24/15, as unexpeted issues can happen on the way delivery.
Yes
Hello I don't know sorry I only purchased the white one.
Yes. They contacted me and asked if I wanted all in one piece and I said yes. It took a few days longer but it still arrived on time
Yes, we have in stock.
It is just plain ivory organza. We used it for decor at my brothers wedding.
My best guess is that this fabric is either polyester or nylon. Absolutely not, linen, silk, or cotton.
Hi Jenah, Yes the fabric is sold in one continuous length but mine had to be straighten on both ends still added to the yardage that I ordered. I did not have time to order new fabric when I found the 2 to 3 inch stain but it was hidden in the corset piece so I did not care. Yes it should work well for wedding arch it goes goo with both white,ivory and blues. I do have my own business of wedding, prom, child, and pets. Also I have my own home things also such as quilts.
If I can remember correctly I think it was 45in wide but it is poor quality and I would not recommend you buy this fabric no matter how cheap it is.
It's too thin.
I don't recall the width of it... there were no care instructions with it, as it is satin I would say either handwash the item you made and let it airdry or tumble in dryer on the "no heat" fluff dry setting. Dry cleaning may be an option, however I would check with my dry cleaner first ...
no is not
it would be beautiful
I am not sure to tell the truth
you will need interfacing to stiff the fabric and make sure it does not fray like satin does at times. It made a nice dress but it did come with a stain but it was at the place where it was not going to matter. I would check it before using it.
It's more of a dark purple.
The piece of fabric I received was 36" long and 54" wide.
Yes we have.
Of course, just add the quantity to the cart.
Yes, indeed it would my friend.
I bought this for a Harley Quinn christmass costume its good quality material. Yes it will work for draps.
It is very soft.
It's definitely opaque...quote heavy and think.It's beautiful.
No
No
yes , maybe some slightly less dark red
I made puffed quilt with the satin. The width of the fabric was 44 inches. I ordered 4 yards for king size quilt.
I don't have it on hand but i was surprised, it was much bigger than I expected. Very pretty too
We used it for origami and it worked great. I would think if you were to glue or tape it , it would work OK.
I would not recommend it.
100 sheets
No. It's metallic gold on one side and flat white on the other side.
Yes, it could very well work for embossing.
Nope. You might be able to, but I doubt it. It's slick like wax paper.
See previous question answered by another member: two sets of vowels, two periods, and only one set of consonants, except for the letter N, for which there are 2.
Yes. If I recall correctly, it also has extras of some of the more commonly used letters (like RSTLNE)
I would think so. I ironed them on tshirts and on an athletic bag and both were very easy. You could use a cloth or layer of material in between iron and lettering if you wanted to protect it from the heat some. Just don't hold on there over 15 sec at a time.
I got two sets of vowels, two periods, and only one set of consonants, except for the letter N. I got two Ns.
2
37 letters. 2 periods. Only 2 A's.
They are 3" tall (actually 2 3/4" to be precise). and at their widest about 2 1/2" (like the 'W' is 2 1/2"). Hope that helps.
Its 4 sheets total
It's 1/2 inch wide. I used it for a belt on my bridesmaids dresses and it was a beautiful touch even found jewelry at macys to match
It is 1/2 inch wide.
The pearls on this trim are actually a slight off-white color (not quite ivory) but not completely bright white. In the product photo, the pearls may look white but they are off-white. It only comes in an off-white color.
I gave it to my 11 yr old granddaughter and she loved it.
I bought this product for my mom I will ask her if she still has the instructions and email back to you or I can mailed it to you thanks again diana suwansaeng. Sorry about not having the instructions if I have locate the instructions I will be happy to email it to you thanks
Yes, you do need to mix the paints to get the colors needed, but the instructions help you with this task. The colors are lettered to guide the painter on which ones to put together. The numbers are average size.
The cables are not different lengths, only the needles are. I bought the 5" needles because that was the length of the ones in my set from KnitPicks, and I liked how that length worked.
The 5 inch tips are in US sizes 2 thru 8 and included are 4 cables to make needles 18", 26", 34" and 42 inches long. I have used these interchangables on several projects, and they are still my "go-to" needles for my knitting.
There are holes in the needles that you can lace thread (dental floss works well) through. Is that what you are asking?
Product Description The 5 inch tips are in US sizes 2 thru 8 and included are 4 cables to make needles 18", 26", 34" and 42 inches long. The 4 inch tips are in US sizes 2 thru 8 and included are 4 cables to make needles 16", 24", 32" and 40" long.
I do not know the yards to each roll but the spools were smaller than I had expected. 2 1/2 x 3/4". I'm happy now but was very surprised when I got it.
I'm not home right now and I believe it's China. Def not America. I use it for light projects. It does not hold up to heavy projects, and has a more cotton feel to it.
You can get an adapter, usually I see wooden ones that the spool goes on giving a firmer grip on the machine. I would go for a bigger spool for a serger since these don't have a lot to them. Great for one or two projects per color and a lot of colors in the pack. I use them on my sewing machine without an adapter, just put it over the spool pin thread and go. They aren't high quality, so not good for projects requiring stronger thread... But good for personal and fun projects. I haven't had issues.
I just checked my form. It is made from rather rigid plastic. So, this is what I would do: I would take a very fine-tooth saw and I would make two cuts to remove the areas that don't work, aka the bust, the boobs, etc. Then I would tape 2 disks (old CDs) behind the holes. Next I'd dress the dorm with a bra which I would stuff to the appropriate dimensions. I like tinkering. :-) And this dress form is well made. So it would be hard to find something that fits you for a better price.
From shoulder to shoulder it is 16" across te collar bone, hope this helps.
I have it at 56".......4'8"......I am 5'4..... So it's easy for me to work with.
I purchased it while losing weight. It was probably an 8-10 when it arrived, and I extended it considerably to accomodate my bust, waist, hips, and height. Left as it was when it arrived, I would guess it to be a size 8-10, depending on where you purchase your clothes. Haven't seen one anywhere for a lower price. I am very happy with it.
The waist is adjusted by turning the lower front large dial and also adjusting the smaller dials that are found on the sides and back of the body form. Adjusting all these dials will also affect the hips along with the waist....you need to play with them all in order to properly set the waist/hips/backside. I have this body form and love it. I place a stretch Tee-shirt over it to cover the open space between the panels after adjusting all the dials. :)
I think you should go for petite size. That should work for you.
I have the small. This measurement changes as you adjust your form. Mine is adjusted and it measures 16 ". I am not willing to reset the adjustment to give that unadjusted measurement. I would say it ranges from 15" up to 17"approximately. Unless you are very small or very broad in the shoulders it should work fine
I have the small dress form and it easily adjusted to 38 inches in the chest. The form has adjustment wheels to allow it to expand the chest in the front, sides and back. It expands the entire chest area so if you have a small bandwidth but larger cup size, you might need to put a bra on the form and stuff it to get the sizing right, as some others have suggested.
Right before Christmas it was $79.99 on Amazon with free shipping.
yes its incuded
Aloha... The measurements for Medium on the outside of the box the dressform came in are: Bust 39" - 46"; Waist 32"-40"; Hips 41"-47"; and Back Waist 15"-17". Back waist length is measured from the middle vertibrae on the back of your neck to your waist. Even if you are at the very top end of the measurements, (and you really can't stretch the adjustments quite as far as they say) it's better to get a smaller dressform and use quilt batting to pad it to your specific shape. The bust is pretty small, so today I put a bra on the form and padded it where it needed a little (actually, a LOT) more circumfrence. Since I also had to add a little pouch on the stomach area, I bought a cheap teeshirt a size smaller and put that over the dressform to cover up all my "special" adjustments. All in all, I'm pretty happy with the dressform, although by the time I finished all the form adjustments as well as my own additions, it was pretty creepy looking! But accurate. I realized that, while I wasn't paying attention, someone stole my hot body and replaced it with one from some old lady. Can't blame Dritz though. Linda
I own the small sized dress form and it goes up to about a 30" waist which is probably more appropriate for a size 10. The medium that you show starts at a 32" waist which I think is too big for a size 10. Size 10 is usually a 28" waist.
I have the medium and it measures 16 inches across the shoulders
From what I see you can put pants on it, but honestly this dress form is not strong so you don't want to be removing it off the pole too much once it set. But yes you can dress it with pants.
It actually goes from Women's size 2 to size 14
The breast area is not so much flat as it is not formed. The flatness issue comes more from not having the heaviness shape that is at the bottom of the breast. You have the ability to get the right measurements though. It worked out well because I was able to get the right size/measurement by adjusting the dials, and then put one of my bras on it (then filled the cups) to get the right shape. It provides a good base you can then add to if needed. I think the breast area would provide a good slope to start you off in shaping.
I'm also tall and the Dritz dress form is easy to adjust. Additionally I have a really long body and long legs so this works for me.
We hust weighed ours. It is about 10 pounds.
Yes, there are two dials, one for the bust and one for the waist - hips
Yes
the Juki Tl98Q will work on any of our frames. But you will also need the speed control that is for that sewing machine and not the brother 1500S sewing machine--so if you purchase this, let us know you have the Juki and we'll get the correct speed control sent out. Let us know if you have any further questions.
I have a Brothers PQ 1500S straight stitch sewing machine. It works very well but because the harp is only 9 inches, you only get 5 inches of sewing space before you have to roll the quilt for the next section you intend to quilt. Hope this helps. I love my frame.
It comes with instructions on how to put the frame together and how to put the sewing machine on the frame--however, it does not teach you how to quilt if that is what you were also referring to. Please let us know if you have any further questions.
No, it does not--those are both options that you can purchase but they don't come with the frame. Please let us know if you have any further questions.
Unfortunately the only brother machine that is compatible is the 1500 s. If there is anything further we can assist you with please just let us know.
Thank you for your interest in this item. The only versions of Janome this is compatible with is 600P/DB/DBX 6500, 6600, and Horizon 7700. If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to let us know.
To follow the patterns you will have to purchase a laser light. You can purchase the plastic templates and with the attachment follow the design that way. if you want computerized patterns, then you'd need to purchase the computerized programs. If you have further questions, please let us know.
This can accommodate anything from a crib size quilt up to a queen size quilt.
Thank you for your inquiry. It does come with it, find it here: http://www.amazon.com/Grace-Gracie-Sewing-Quilting-Machine/dp/B007PDV7ES/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1392517231&sr=8-1&keywords=Gracie+Queen+Quilt+frame Please let us know if you have any further questions.
Thank you for your inquiry, and interest in Grace Gracie Queen Sewing Quilting Frame For Quilting Machine: Brother 1500 S. It will work with the Janome items listed at http://www.graceframe.com/site/images/documents/compatibility/speed_control_compatibility.pdf We strive to offer superior customer service, and a positive shopping experience. We'd like to earn a 5 star feedback rating, and ensure your 100% satisfaction. If we can be of any further assistance, please do not hesitate to let us know.
I have cut those huge apple juice bottles with is that hold a couple of gallons. I think it's safe to say that as long as its round, you can cut it with it. It really works great! But you have to use either boiling water or the candle and then icewater to get a clean cut.
I got this for my gf and we were cutting just a few minutes after it was out of the box. We cut mostly wine bottles and there has not been any cut we wanted so far that the device would not allow room for. As long as you can hold the bottle steady you can make a score anywhere you want.
Yes. I have had 70% success with getting a clean cut using the hot to cold method to separate my bottles. I first soak the bottle at the stress line in boiling water, then transfer it to ice cold water. Sometimes the bottle separates cleanly and other times, not so much. This product, I think, includes a string and candle to help stress the glass to separate. I have not used it; perhaps that method produces better results.
Not sure what you mean by that. The actual cutter is adjustable so you can place your cut anywhere on the bottle. I've had to make some of my own simple modifications on very small bottles, but otherwise I've had no problem.
Yes. I don't think this will be the right tool. It only cuts in circles and is hard to cut where it breaks evenly.
You can't cut through the label, but if the label is up far enough on the bottle, you can leave it on. I left my labels on and sealed them with 3 coats of all-weather hard mod podge to create outdoor wind chimes. Of course, it'll be a test to see how long they last outside.
No oil needed
Only if the Absolute has no indentions on the sides.
They are laying down.
Nope.
No. Actually, to me, this is easier than Viking knitting.
Yes you can make beaded bracelets and necklaces with the knitter....in fact there are two methods....the first which I would recommend to get used to knitting with wire with this is...by knitting with wire until you get the length you want for either a necklace or bracelet and filling the wire knitted area with beads.....and the second you string the beads on your wire and then proceed to knit and slip beads in between the pegs as you go.......they do have books available if you need instruction or you can go to You-tube and watch some tutorials there. Hope this helps you. Sue.
The top hole measures 15mm or 11/2cm or 3/4 inch. I measured beads by putting them through the hole and all but the large fancy beads go through easily. I had no problem with 10mm beads. Hope that helps. Regards.
To be completely honest, I'm still working all that out. I have yet to have a satisfying finished product with this item when working with anything but yarn or string.
Yes, you just weave your wire end inside of the project and start a new length. If you have any questions there are plenty of tutorials on You.tube or you can just google them up on your browser under "French Knitter Jewelry Tutorial" or "French Knitter: using wire". If you really get ambitious there are a few books available on Amazon that are reasonable. Hope this helps.
The ones I got were definitely black.
Probably in China, but don't know for sure. Judy
Yes there is only 12 strands.
A couple mm. About the size of my pinky nail lengthwise from end to end. Not as wide though. Hope this helps you.
We are located in USA, CA .. You should receive within 1-5 days
17 inches with a 2 1/2 to 3 in extender. I don't have them with me to be exact, but that's about how long they are.
Yes they do. They are very easy to work with if you have a pendant that does not fit over the clasp. We have been able to remove them and put them back on securely. We have found these very worth the price.
Lea, you are more adventurous than I am- but I believe you can. I know there is also an option with the Silhouette that also allows you to upgrade and allows for a lot more flexibility in its use. I suggest you go to Pinterest and search for the Silhouette cameo- there are many pins there with plenty of information on this great machine!
Hi Chuck. It can cut letters that small. However, it is best to set the blade to a # that doesn't cut the entire way through and punch the letters out yourself. I found that if the letters cut the entire way through, they get lost into the cameo and you have to fish them out. You will find then most are not useable. Cutting letters that small it is also best to stick with san serif fonts. Hope this helps.
This comes with 2 cutting mats as well as the two tools mentioned.
This is straight from the silhouette website: The Silhouette hardware has a one year limited warranty*. The hardware warranty specifically covers issues relating to the Silhouette machine, power cord and adapter, and/or USB cord. If through the process of supporting a reported issue Silhouette America determines any of these hardware components are faulty within the first year the Silhouette is owned (from the original purchase date and as the tool is registered), Silhouette America can then have any one or all of these components replaced. Hardware issues should be very rare. Generally issued experienced with the Silhouette are related to the software or improper operation. Please contact the Silhouette Support Team as you may have any concerns to further troubleshoot the issue and to confirm the source of the problem.
Here is a helpful link that lists out the multiple file types: http://cleversomeday.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/ssformatschart.pdf
Yes you can. You need to change the line size on the images to greater than zero. I don't know how to send pics. If you want to direct email feel freer. Christineandmaddy@Yahoo.com
The cameo does not print photos, but you can use their design studio and print to your own printer from there.
Yes it does, but you have to play around with the blade cutting number based on the weight of your frisket. I mainly bought the machine for paper, but I do airbrushing on certain projects and I have been able to cut out some of my patterns on frisket. Make sure you tack down the frisket to the mat securely or otherwise you will get a crooked cut. The mat is sticky but I also use a re-positional adhesive. Depending on the thickness of your frisket, you don't have to use the mat, just treat it like you are cutting vinyl. Hope this helps.
My Silhouette runs on 110, since it is an American made product I would venture to guess that what you are looking at runs on 110 as well. I would suggest that your best chance to see if they make one that runs on 220 is to contact the company directly.
I believe it will only cut one layer. I purchased the Silhoutte for quilting and appliqu, have not been happy. You can find something better for quilting, the costumer service and policies are not consumer friendly. Works OK for paper. Wish I had saved my money for a better product.
Should work
I'm not sure. You need to look at the specs for your machine to see what type of needles it says to use. I use them on my Highlead GC0318-1 industrial machine. Most of the industrial needles should be compatible with the different brand machines. Also, you need to use the appropriate size for the type of material you are sewing. I mainly use size 17 or 18 because I sew nylon webbing and leather. I use # 69 upholstry thread. Check your owners manual or go online to see if you can download a manual there. Hope this helps.
Yes that what I'm using on my Reliable Barracuda 2000U-33
These are organ needles, and I do not know it they will fit the Singer 191 D300 AA. The Needles have a full round shank, with diameter of .077 inch or 1.96 mm and a 12mm long shank, the over all length 1.733 inches / 44mm
Yes
Round shank length just under 1 3/4 inches.
NO. 20U machine needles are shorter.
I ordered it and returned it...I would have used it for cross stitching and I didn't give enough of a circle light. I now use a Daylight lamp which seems to have a larger surface of light. This might be OK for a desk if you are working right under it.
Hi, I can't answer in specifics, but the light easily outshines all other portable lamps owned by my stichery group members. I'm the second person in the group to buy one and I'm very happy.
I've had it for almost a year & I've never charged it. If I used it more it would probably need a charge but obviously holds its charge while not in use. I am pleased with it overall
Yes, if you don't have it hooked up to your computer. I have another lamp that can be charged with a Nokia phone charger and it works on this one too. Much cheaper than the charger they sell for the lamp. No guarantees, but you can find it here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000K27I8U/ref=wms_ohs_product_img?ie=UTF8&psc=1
It comes with the adapter to the computer.
Hello! I love these flowers, are one of my favorite sizzix dies. Here is your information: the size: the small flower: 1,1/2 inch x 1,1/2 inch, the others flowers: 2,1/2 inch x 2,1/2 inch. !!! I hope these information can help you!! goodbye!
Yes, that is what I used mine with.
It includes 3 leaves. They are the three that are solid colors at the top of the picture. The flower and leaves shown on the bottom left corner is just a suggestion.
You need a Big Shot machine to pass the die through. Place colored cardstock on the die and run it through the machine and it cuts the flowers out and then you assemble them as you like
yes, sure can!
I do not know.
Just received mine. It is 14.6" x 11.5". It's folded in the package and rolled up to the 9" size. The mat is thinner than I expected and has a crease from the fold. I'm laying it flat now and may put something heavy on it to smooth it out.
The surface is smooth, but not glassy so it may not work for what you have in mind. It holds up to the temp of my embossing heat gun, but I don't think it's designed to withstand the intense temps of an industrial heat gun. Most silicone for household use is rated for 450F degrees. I suggest you look at the wattage on your heat gun and then go to their web site to see if you can get a better answer to your question, sorry.
Sept. 26, 2014 Hello! I haven't used Mod Podge Dimensional Magic yet, but I have used the other products and they work well. As far as using Mod Podge dimensional Magic I can't speak on never used it. Oh! guest I haven't answer your question. Try login to Paid Products and ask them. Have a Great day and Happy Crafting. Ms. Joann Cleveland, OH
It is heat resistant up to 600 degrees so it depends on how hot your embossing gun is.
Yes, I originally purchased this item to go through mason jar lids,it does with ease.
Made in China.
I tested it on an old dish towel and it made a hole but did not completely cut all the way around. Then I tried it on an old terry towel and it cut pretty much all the way around but you have a tag so you have to pull it off. If you are thinking of threading something with it for the towels or blanket it probably should work. I have used mine only on tin lids and heavy cardboard.
Yes
I'm pretty sure it will. I used this to punch holes in metal lids of mason jars and I had no problem at all
5/16, but you have to make several punches to make a big enough opening to fit the grommet through. Yes straws work great.
I used it to punch through canning flats to make drink lids with straws for mason jars. It punched through with no problem.
This is just a hole punch; therefore it won't set eyelets.
Yes you can, but you have to open the little "window" on the punch to look through. I totally missed that feature until another crafter showed me. I like it better that Crop-a-dile as it give a true 3/4 inch hole. Still carry my Crop-a-dile as well however.
I don't really know, I haven't done multiple pieces. I can tell you it is very sturdy. I have used it to punch holes in gift bags made of very heavy paper that I had folded over so it was a thickness of four, and it punched right through with no problem--and didn't hurt my hand while doing it either. I have been very happy with it.
Yes
Dear Catie, I did a little more research. It looks like this product carries a California warning of possible lead in the product. It doesn't mention Nickle. However, unless you are grinding (dust issue) this item, or eating it, it should be safe enough for those items where there isn't a lot of wear and tear. Many things coming out of China are not "free" of potential problematic metals.
No
It will accept up to 18 guage wire. the spring will open to about 2 mm.
I am happy with these lobster clasp, I never wear them to water, so I do not know that they tarnish .
This program is designed to work with the true type fonts off your computer it want work with predigitized fonts.
Yes, the MC200E is compatible with Janome software.
Yes, it is able to save as a .pes file.
Yes it will work with your machine as long as you have a way of getting designs from your computer to your machine.
I don't think the package would fill a 1 cup measuring cup.
I doubt it, they're cheap, plastic & there's only about a handful in the package
You can but there is barely a handfuls worth in the package
They are not self adhesive.
Haven't had them long enough to answer that but you could spray a clear coat of uv protect paint I would think. I plan to repaint when needed
about 20"-24" depending upon how far you stick them into the ground.
Yes, all 4.
It is pink all the way through. It's not a bad mat for the price. I have REALLY used mine a lot and it's holding up well:) Note: It is not 12 inches tall, which is what the description said when I bought mine. It is actually 11 x 17. I hope this helps.
No, this mat cannot be rolled. It was shipped flat, and is a very stiff material. Hope that helps!
This is a nice smooth and thick mat. I do most of my big projects on it. By far one of the best. Yes you can cut and roll on it.
Honestly, the color is like a bottle of Pepto-Bismol.
they are definitely glass.
Sure. After awhile, poster board may not be strong enough though
Half and half or there abouts. There's plenty of 3/4" ones, but some of them were too chipped for my purposes, but still plenty. Hope that helps.
No,they are single sided
Quarter inch'ish
Funny you should ask! I just recently bought some Iris Greeting Card storage boxes with clear dividers (available here on Amazon). They're a lot bigger than I was expecting (despite looking at the dimensions before ordering!). I happened to have my Artbin die sheets on the table in their case when the greeting card boxes arrived, so grabbed one of the sheets and put it in the box, standing upright. They are a perfect fit! The box has a lid, but I just checked and you can easily unclip it. Personally I'd leave it on to protect from dust, but you could take it off during a crafting session if it bothers you and pop it back on afterwards. The removable dividers would be great if you want to keep your dies in categories, and they'll keep the sheets upright if you don't have a full box. Hope that helps!
Maybe they use a petroleum based product as a binder, to hold the magnetic bits together?
I have 15 sheets in mine and there is still room for more.
Just the white side, you really wouldn't want on both sides as they would lay on top of next later and might bend the dies.
They are approximately 7" x 9" with a notched section on one long side and fit perfectly inside the Artbin storage case. They are perfect for storing dies.
You are correct these are smaller than 8.5 x 11 ...they also have a cut out for the handle area...They do work well for the dies and I think they "may be" slightly ticker than the Avery sheets but the Avery sheets is a good idea....good luck hope this helps
These are magnetic sheets that hold your metal dies when not in use and they fit in a hard plastic ArtBin case. They are just sheets of magnet. You might be able to use one as a shim to hold your die in place when running through your Big Shot but I've never tried it. You would have to put the die, sharp side up. You would also need to play around with your platforms to see which combination would work with the added bulk of the magnet. Another company makes a magnetic platform which is hard plastic that is specifically designed to work with your Big Shot. I have that and it works wonderfully. I got mine through Stampin' Up. Hope this helps.
The sheets themselves are magnetic,in which you put the metal dies
They are white and shaped the same as the box.
Thank you for your inquiry, but we do not ship to Latin America.
Yes, the handle comes off and becomes the stand.
No steam vents! For encaustic wax you don't want them!!! You need a smooth ventless surface.
I have not used this electric iron as of yet. There are no numerical temperature settings on the dial except for high, low, and lots of interval markings between high and low. Try www.artsencaustic.com for information.
There is a cord
No
240 w
I believe it does. If you are out of the US, you might want to order from Amazon. UK. They have a few left. I saw it uses 230/40 to 200, if that is what you mean. (www.encaustics.com)
Mine is dual.
I've used them on my dinner plates. Put your design on, put in oven for 30 min @ 350.
Unfortunately, what you are referring to seems highly unlikely. I would recommend an iron-on transfer for such a purpose.
It comes off pretty easily with ethanol and probably other kinds of alcohol.
I would use a thin painter's pen to do that.
I used the silver pen on my keyboard, because certain keys have worn off. I don't know if I let it dry long enough, but the letter rubbed off pretty quickly. I don't know if that helps, but that's all I have for you.
No
Yes
Yes
I happen to have that phone too, and no it's not the same.
no they don't bleed like other sharpies because the ink is different ... it's like those markers where u have to push to get the ink to make the tip wet and then write ... i would buy a few packs if you are going to use it for something like that though ... they work great, but one of mine didn't work at all out of the 3
Yes, it is 60 inches wide as well.
Yes
The width of the fabric is 60" and the yards are to be determined by yourself. The amount you order will come as one big piece, not in separate pieces.
I don't know but it is terrible yarn. Very flimsy
This yarn doesn't say what ply it is. .but i can tell you it's super bulky #6 and calls for a 16mm or Q crochet hook and 15mm knitting needles. hope that helps a little. ..
They either ran out of the colors, or they are selling it as a different item so you should look at the *people who bought this also bought...* link at the bottom of the screen.
Like two. Maybe three. This stuff is fat.
Not sure what you mean about kitting in your arms as needles, but, it's chunky yarn, perhaps half of the diameter of your small finger. I no longer have the label as I tossed it out after using the yarn. I crochet but don't do much knitting, so I'm probably no help to you.
No it doesn't. I would have to disagree with the bad quality comment though. I have no complaints.
The table top is 35.5" x 23.5". Adjusts from 26" H to 30.5" H. Please let us know if you have any further questions.
It can be flat or tilted into 5 or six positions. It comes with 3 small drawers. It is as well made as the price point suggests.
Yes
it is a bit larger then what I expected but am very pleased with it.
I am unsure, as I have not had to do so.
I primarily use this saw for glass. I have used it on copper bar that was .37" thick. The saw really didn't like doing it. It is under powered for use with metal or thick materials and for production work it would be nearly useless. It is a craft saw (which means toy). It works great on glass, tile, and thin wood. But it sounds like you are going to need a machine that has more power. I have thought that a ring saw might have been a better idea. Good Hunting.
I am sorry I no longer have this saw and I can not remember what size the platform was.
I haven't used it much, but it is small. Probably best suited for thicknesses of one or two pieces of stained glass stacked and cutting intricate shapes. Might be faster than all the cuts necessary with a regular hand held cutter. Other than that my suggestion would be a larger type wet saw with rotary diamond blade...maybe even industrial size with a 10 inch blade. Probably would be faster, and blade last much longer. Just my opinion though. best regards
Currently, the saw has only been tested cutting metal pipe up to 1" in diameter.
You would need to contact the company you purchased it from for their return policy.
The fountain is one piece and I believe it is resin. It has sttod up well after being outdoors
polyresin
No about 5"
The inside dimensions are 20"x10"x 13" deep. There is a strap inside to secure the machine. I have been very happy with mine.
37 inches from the bottom when fully extended - there are a couple of stopping points along the way if you want it shorter. Its a good case, tough enough for me to travel to photoshoots with my sewing machine.
19" end to end; 9" front to back; 14" tall. 2 removable zip pouches on long inside area. Carries brother Innovis 1500d sew machine with embroidery arm separated from machine but will fit inside carrier
Sorry. I own a Singer Curvy! But I really love my bag!!! :)
Yes, this case is very big and I too have Viking and there is room to spare inside the case.
Not very much at all...Maybe 1 or 2 pounds...
19 x10x13... A bit small for your needs. :-(
I have a Viking sapphire machine that fits just fine. Dimensions: 19.25w x 14h x 9.5d
Yes
14 deep x 19 length x 10 width
Inside measurements are 20" long, 8" wide and 13" high. It is soft sided, so it is expandable. I can get my new 550 QE Bernina in it.
They are not attached. The bottom bag is a case on wheels with a handle that extends, the middle bag is a case that has a handle and a shoulder strap and the smallest bag is for accessories.
There is a machine compatibility chart at the Blue Fig website here: http://www.bluefig.net/Wheeled-Sewing-Machine-Carrier-Project-Bag-Notions-Bag-Combo_p_23.html#tab-5
Not sure of your dimensions. I fit a Bernina QE in it's hard case in with no problem and it measures 17L x 10W x 13H. If I just pack my machine (without it's hard case) I can fit my table extension in with it. There is a padded divider that comes in the second case that I use when I pack it that way.
Not really, but the bags nest inside each other.
19" x 10" X13"D
Perhaps you wanted to contact Amazon. I'm. a buyer, not the vendor.
No. It's like a non-spinner suitcase: back wheels only.
The middle bag is not tall or deep enough for a serger in my estimation. I have a serger and would have jumped at the chance to house it if I had thought it would fit. The middle bag holds a lot though, still love my set. I'm a full time RV'r and the set surely keeps me organized.
The interior dimensions are 19"L by 9-1/2"W by 13" high. As it is a soft-sided trolley, there might be a little give there. Hope this helps.
It's very easy. Take a picture of whatever you want from a magazine, photo, or even fabric. Put it underneath the machine. Hang whatever you want to copy the picture onto on the wall. And trace, color, or paint it in.
With some imagination and creativity, you could use it however you wish. You could tape the image you wish to draw or trace to a wall or to the bottom of the "Artograph". You would have to figure out how to support the "Artograph" above the horizontal surface. As a matter of fact, I may well be doing this myself, as I wish to reproduce some old early 1900's family pictures. Either that, or I will somehow affix a blank canvas to a wall to draw on. You are only limited by your own imagination !!!
Probably not worth the trouble. It would be easier to just use proportional grid lines on a photo of the larger painting.
It is 110 U.S.
There is no reason the projector can't be positioned vertically (so that it faces down) if you can find a way to hold it in place. (Shouldn't be too difficult). Same with the images you want to trace. The image size limit is 3.25"x 3.5". For larger images, you'll need to move the projector to finish it. Moving side to side is doable but forward or backward changes the size of the image, meaning it won't match the first part you trace. I found I need the projector to be about 4-5' away from the surface I'm transferring to to get a sharp image. Also, the room will need to be dark for the sharpest image.
Thank you for your question. Per the description: it is capable of using a 75-watt incandescent or 15-watt compact fluorescent bulb.
to small
I would think you use in class room with no problem. You realize that can only show 5in.x5in. at a time. That is the size of the opening of the show window.
This is a cheaper way to do that definitely. Just print the outlines small enough to fit in the 5x5 window and make sure the lines are not too thin.
This machine has little adaptability to vary focus. The ceiling if image size is not critical may be a good use for it
I use it to project on canvas, I paint with oils .. you can project on the wall remember you have to reverse the lens ... pull it out and reverse it ... this is a small home budget projector .. so you will have focus it by hand ... just take your time and you can get the the image you need . For large images move the projector back, then focus the lens ... darken the room for gaining a detailed image. I have mine placed on an adjustable table. Use a darkened room for practice, play with different images and sizes. This way you will know the limits of this type of projector.
A shap 5x7 image can be blown up to a half wall mural you can go bigger but have to imagine parts. Hope this helps
Yes they have one but I made my own
You must place the projector on someting solid. The Fan IS on the bottom. A pillow or carpet will make it smother and heat up. Leave a clearance under it...It works Great for me. I've been using one for 20 years. I just bought this model and its great...captphrank
The bulb was included with the one I ordered several months ago. Everything that is included should be listed as you scroll down the first page of the listing. The projector is fairly easy to use and I like mine. Good luck and I hope this helps.
no
You don't really need total darkness, but it works best in semi to complete darkness. You're better able to see small detail if you work in a darkened room with your projector.
Yes, buy a stand and you're good to go
Yes
Yes
I believe there is a special stand you can get for this that will project on a wall. I have the stand that only projects downwards on to a canvas, for example.
Just to be sure, I feel I need to tell you that this projector does not connect to a computer. You have to print the picture. Then, open the projector and place the picture in the clamps. When the projector is turned on, then the light inside reflects off of the mirror through the lens. So, if your picture is printed in color, then it will project in color.
This projector is built for 110v power. However, you may be able to purchase an adapter separately which would step your voltage down to be used for 110v devices.
It's 115 volts!
Yes it comes with the post to hold the projector above the table. There is a clamp (also provided) which secures the post to the table edge. Enjoy.
This is only for projecting a photo or drawing onto a table or wall. I use it enlarge my sketches so I can paint or mix medium art.
I haven't projected anything that small with my Artograph so, sorry, I cannot help.
it extends pretty high but you can also dial in to focus on your 16 x 20. I had no problem at all with 11 x 14.
Yes, with the right chair it is comfortable for anyone. The height in the flat position is 30 inch.
Maybe for cutting material, and if machine is not to heavy. Hope this helps
No. There are no adjustments. I personally find that the height is fine. I am 5'8".
Not sure if I can help. I bought it to do my cutting for quilts. So far I have had school books piled on it. It is a sturdy table and well designed. I know I am very pleased with it thus far. You wont be disappointed.
No, the height of the frame is fixed. You might be able to drop it two inches or so by removing the wheels.
46" is when you extend the table up for drawing.
Yes, they can.
I don't know, I just use it to emboss
I dont see why not try it
In general no, but if you fold up aluminum foil about 4 thicknesses it will emboss it and it will stay. I hope that helps.
Hi, I just looked up the Eclips machine and from what I can tell these embossing folders likely won't work with it. It looks like the Eclips is a shape cutting machine, not an embossing machine. I hope that answers your question.Thank you and good luck!
This package contains twenty-five identical sheets of 8-1/2x11 inch solid-colored cardstock
It's true white and very smooth. Don't know about acid free, I don't worry about that so much. Once you touch it it's not acid free anymore ;)
Yes, absolutely. With beautiful results!!
It feels the same as the marshmallow white which is 110 lb but it doesn't say On my package.
It runs a 220v...And the temperature depends on art work material. Tem. 320 for 15s or 375 for 5s.
I sent mine back because it was nothing like the advertised.
Only one plate was included - but thanks for asking as I need to see about other plates - there are a few I could use...
The ease of free motion quilting it provides is well worth any necessary actions. My quilting has improved greatly since having the slider on my machine.
Yes they can, I bought one a few months back and I love it. It makes quilting on a home machine a lot easier, when quilting on a home machine.
It sure will -- it's a "slip-n-slide" for quilting -- whether you have backing and batting or not
From what I understand of your question, no. A Teflon foot would accomplish this. Or is PUL came packed with tissue paper, keep the tissue paper under it except when it approaches the needle. The supreme slider reduces the friction between the fabric and and machine surface, letting you more easily free motion quilt.
I am not at home - when I get home on Wed, I can measure and answer.
I LOVE my queen slider!! It depends if you have room for it in the throat of your machine bed. I have a Bernina and it fits fine. The larger the slider the easier it is to move your quilt in the machine!
I'm using it with my Viking Platinum 16 sitdown quilter and it has been a tremendous help.
it is one 18inch loom that you can add extenders to (2 5 peg extenders come with it) - one of them can slide to make adjustments - you can make socks, bags, hats & scarves using this - also I make tops and shawls
A knitting loom is just that. It encompasses round looms, long looms, sock n mitten looms,etc... A knitting board is usually.-but not always- associated with a long loom- use. Wood n a smaller gauge than a basic plastic long loom. I have been loom knitting for many years n have used most out there. The all-in-one loom is really neat but keep in mind it has a very small gauge. I feel the longer long boards are a bit easier to work with due to the slightly larger gauge. Just my opinion for what its worth. Kb and Knifty Knitted are my favorite brands. Hope this helps. Susan
In the web page of KB ar mantener information about socks. To make a sock you need to adjust the loom and use a tutorial , you can access free tutorial in YouTube. Also in amazon you can buy knitting loom sock books, for example : Sock loom basis and Loom knitting sock a beginner guide to knitting loom.
yes it is the only loom i use anymore when it calls for a long loom it is the best loom i have ever found . hope this helps Norma
Yes, the hook is included.
This is the smallest gauge in the larger looms. They do have a 10-inch loom with metal pegs that's a smaller gauge, and the sock loom, also.
On the package it states the contents: written instructions, 4 projects, (2) 48 peg rails, (2)5 peg spacers, 2 small spacers, 2 sets of bolts, 1 knit hook and 108 pegs. Pictures on the box show different ways it can be configured.
Yes, a couple of different patterns, and basic instruction. Additionally, Knitting Board has several good videos online for various stitches, as well as free patterns on their website.
As of 3/11/2014, Amazon price is 38.29 with free shipping. Knittingboard.com price is 46.99 with probable extra shipping charges. You may be looking at two different items.
It depends on the gauge of the loom. This particular loom handles 1 strand of worsted just fine.
Hi. Yes it is sold by the yard. Whatever yardage your order it will comen in one piece.
24"
It's 60"wide.
I would definitely say so! It held paint and glue perfectly for me.
We are not an Amazon Prime Fulfillment member. Amazon Prime 2 or 1 shipping offers are only available with certain sellers on Amazon.
I don't recall.. I ordered this for my daughters "Big", but I have to say, this was a large paddle.
Red Arrow is almost out of stock, but B and A Computer has plenty of stock on hand and ready to ship. Order today from B and A Computer and you will have them with time to spare. --Jerry, B and A Computer
I doubt that they would give you a discount based on the fact that they are already selling them for as cheaply as they can, at basically wholesale price. It might be worth it to give the company a call though.
Yes, I use it on the Chalkboard Sticker labels all the time and it works perfectly!
All the package says is "1mm chalk ink pen"...strange but not even on the pen itself does it say how many grams. Hope this helps :-/
It does wash off well, but I don't know how well it will do on a chalkboard. I used this pen to help detail hairlines. The pen does dry out fast.
hmm, i would get two or three at least. better safe than sorry for something like that.
Yes, but you'll need to buy a separate needle for that. Get a universal one or one for singer. Just make sure it will fit into this machine and you're good.
Yes. I sew denim, but have not used canvas as a material on this machine.
I'm so sorry. I can't answer your question. I don't know what free hand embroidery is.
No. The bobbin is first placed into a holder, then inserted vertically into the machine under the needle.
This machine was a gift for my daughter but from handling it during the holidays I assume it weighs eight to twelve pounds. Not hard to put up and down or tuck away if that is what you need to do.
I think it can if you get the correct adaptor for the plug so you can plug it in.
The SINGER 3232 Simple sewing machine can be used to sew a whole variety of fabric thicknesses. When sewing something like a patch, be sure to use a sewing machine needle that is appropriately sized for the weight and thickness of the fabrics, such as a SINGER style 2020 needle, in at least size 16.
Yes, my wife says it's very easy to use. When we have a hem, pillow case, underwear, towel, just about anything but canvas to sew or mend, she can fix it in a few short minutes!
Yes there is.
Yes
The standard accessories include two presser feet, the standard serger foot and the coverstitch foot as well as a chain/cover stitch extension plate, oiler. foot control, thread stand and spool holder. In addition there are the onboard tools which you find in the door: the threader, the two thread converter, tweezers, a screwdriver for the needle set screws, a needle inserter with a brush tip and a package of needles. It also comes with nets, cones and spool caps, a larger screw driver, an extra lower knife, extra needle packet, an accessoriy bag the size of a pencil pouch for holding the extra stuff and a clear vinyl dust cover and a waste collector that attaches to the door.
It took me a few hours over a couple of days to really get comfortable with the threading of this machine. I ended up watching a You Tube video to figure out a problem that I couldn't figure out with the manual alone. Now after a couple of months I would say it takes less than five minutes max for me to change the threading. Even though the threading is a bit fiddly, I am very happy to own this machine and use it regularly.
It came with the disk but i did not find the disk particularly helpful. There is a training document you can find online which I found to be much more helpful.
The model available here is 120V as it is the US model. Other versions (ie 220V) may be available in other parts of the world (ie England). You may also be able to use a voltage converter, but you may want to contact Juki directly to verify this is safe (www.jukihome.com).
We have diif packages to offer. Please let me know waht you need. Thanks Sammt sewingmachineoutlet
Lori M, Yes, the Juki MO-735 has differential feed. Thank you,
manually, but this is one of the easiest 5 thread servers that does thread manually. It is a workhorse.
This one is a 2 needle. Thanks, Oren
Yes it is a good heavy duty serger. It is not commercial but has metal gears and will work well. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet.com
Dear Elsa, the Juki MO-735 5 thread serger uses standard regular household needles. We recommend the brand Schmetz as most dependable and it is best to always use sizes #11/75 or #14/90. Thread to be used with sergers come on cones, usually in 3000 yard and 6000 yard putups. We have had very good luck using serger thread brands of MaxiLock and Venus. Thank you - shopjoya.com
It should. The Bible I put in it was 11x8 and it fits perfectly. Hope this helps.
Yes the case will fit. My Bible is a little less than 10x7 and it fits with room to spare, room for pamphlets ,prayer cards and pens.
Yes, it does have a zipper closure.
The cover slides into sleeves. I don't use it. I did not like the way it fit.
7.5 W x 10.5 H x 2 D
Handsome yet demure, this leather cover preserves the condition of your Bible in tasteful simplicity. Features zippered main compartment and cross zipper-pull. Measures 11" x 8" x 2".
11x8x2.
I use lithium batteries and I'm still on my initial set after several months of use.
It does not appear to have one but wait, Yes it does. Pulls out of the center.
It's 2-3/4 x 4 x 1 inches. And a nice durable little radio.
SAME stands for Specific Area Message Encoding. This radio does not have SAME encoding.
NO YOU CANNOT
I have never used rechargeable. But it seems to work very well with the normal batteries and last a long time. I put batteries in my radio in Jan and they still are good at the end of March. I've been putting the radio on a little bit almost daily.
No. You have to provide your own earbuds.
No, we just use battery power.
No it is weather on whenever you turn on.you can tune into different frequencies manually.
The measurements are . The length is 4" not counting the antenna, 2.5" width,by 1/2 Antenna is 3/4"
This machine is compact, yet powerful. It delivers all the basic needs of a larger machine in a small, affordable Singer
13.6 Pounds
Yes
One step but I have not used it yet.
Yes it does, also includes an inexpensive cover.
It's the one to change the foot for different items to sew. There is an instruction manual that came with it. Read it
I may not have the exact same model (mine is Tradition 2259) and I can't find the lever you are referring to.
YES, the switchin button is above the connecting cord on the machine.
hi..I dont think so.
It can for a limited time, but is not permanent. I definitely wouldn't suggest using a dish washer, but handing washing holds up well for a while.
I got 2 of each color.
they can go on cups .but are not good in the dishwasher..
The brand is not printed on the back but in comparison it is very similiar.
The colors are exactly what the picture show. It does not come with the name of each color in the package if that is what you need to know but they are very nice vibrant colors.
I am not familiar with easyweed. I am sure you could contact the supplier with any questions. Sorry I didn't have an answer for you.
silhouette cameo and cricut cutters for there pre cut vinyl
No, I searched and tried to find a way and there is none.
Hi. There are deficits in every working part in the Bernina 830. I have one and my two friends got one at the same time. They have been to and fro to Bernina for repairs that often that we have lost count. Bernina never admit that there are faults and usually accuse us of mis using them but mysteriously carry out repairs free of charge. I would never buy another machine from them. Ever. Liz
You have to have the designs in your computer, then you plug a USB stick into the computer, transfer them on and plug it into the sewing machine. But first you plug the new (blank) USB stick into the sewing machine, turn the machine on & the machine will format the stick properly for the tranfer. I don't do it that way, however, I have my machine plugged right into my computer using the cable that came with it.
You can download it for free from the Bernina website, assuming it is the newer model and not the very old model.
No, you're not!! When the 830 behaves good - she is very, very good. When she is bad she is horrid!!! There were quite a few issues with the machine when it first hit the shops however, I can say quite honestly after a few trips to Bernina for upgraded parts mine is working the way it should and I am happy with it. My only gripe with it is the size of the hoops-from small to gigantic with no decent in between size like a 150 x 150 square or. 200 x 200 square and there are thousands of other people who would like this size of hoop but Bernina doesn't respond. If you are having trouble with your 830 you can always send it directly to Bernina in Cardiff and they will service/repair it for you.
Yes
Bernina Hoops are not interchangeable with Brother or any other brand of embroidery machine
Although not as vibrant, yes. I have used them on glass projects (vases and candy dishes) and was pleased with the results.
No, this is for vinyl sticker decals for cars and such. For t-shirt iron ons, you want to look for heat transfer vinyl. I highly recommend Siser Easyweed brand HTV for shirts.
Yes
At the time I ordered, (March 2014) silver was not in the description, nor was it included.
Yes - that's what I use it with. Don't use the cutting mat, just put the vinyl sheet in by itself and make sure your cutting settings say vinyl. I set mine to Silhouette brand and haven't had any problems,
No there aren't.
As it says in the description, it's not for use on interior walls. I have not tried it, but it seems likely that it would take paints off upon removal. There is vinyl available for that purpose (do a search for indoor vinyl). I know Cricut brand is used for wall decals, but you'll probably be able to find something cheaper.
It has no brand name printed anywhere
This sheets I received were 12 x 12. I don't think the photo is accurate either.
This vinyl is not used for that. In order to do that you would need to buy vinyl specifically stating heat transfer on it.
This appears to be the regular snap hoop. The other one says Snap-Hoop Monster and has "4X the power" on the front of the box. And it does have lots more power. So much so that you have to be very careful how you use it!
I don't really know, but if you check the company website there is a chart. Also, call the company and they will tell you.
If you read the reviews someone has answered that question for you , I have this large hoop but I do not recommend it have a brother embrodiery machine not happy too large and bulky to use I would not recommend.
Which Quattro machine do you have?
I prefer the largest. That way, you can do any design size.
I works on Ellegante
Hi Stephanie! The base is chrome.
about 6 feet tall
Waist: 25"
It's plain. No logo :-)
Color is off white. Yes you can pin to it.
I got mine with all the nuts and bolts. Contact Amazon and send it back. I love it.
20 1/4"
approximately 10" across
The form does snap together. Put together it is approximately 4 1/2 feet tall. I have an old 1800 s black dress on it and that is a perfect fit. I hope this gives you an idea.
53 inches
There are 6 small bolts with nuts, three on each side. I'm talking very small nuts & bolts, more like screws. I don't know if this form would be sturdy enough to use in a shop or store setting. My 12 year old daughter uses it in her room just to see what clothes look like together. Of course, this is just my opinion. I don't own a shop or store. I personally think it is more for home use.
Yes, however waist is narrow. Teen size I'd say.
I have no idea, but it's pretty lightweight. You can carry it easily with one hand.
Yes. In fact you can adjust the height. It come with two rods you can use them both for full height or just one it you want to use it for the top of a dresser.
Yes! I do recommend it! I bought the fabric to make pillows to my sofa. And sometimes we do sleep on them. Enjoy their beautiful color.
I believe it's a medium weight cotton duck. The colors are beautiful! I bought some material from this same company last year and covered a rocker that is on my back deck so it has been in the sun and elements for almost a year now and I made some pillows with the leftovers last week and you cannot tell a difference in the colors of the two.
54" wide. I used it to cover outdoor cushions.
I love this product I was able to cover two dining room chairs with this the width I received was 39" by 53".
It is blue; exactly as it appears in the sample.
Yes it does.
Hi Kate, I am very sorry for the delay of my response, I was so busy working in the city, anyhow the width on this material is 57 inches. I bought this material a couple of months ago and I have not got the time to seat on my machine yet, to cover my dining chairs. But the material is nice and thick perfect for chairs and drapes. Analie
No its a blank spot, the pictures are examples but a piece of paper that can be removed.
Yes there is :)
The book does offer a page called Our little sprout and it has lines for the date, age, head circumference, length, and height.
Yes, it does, inside the book.
It does have a small pocket on the inside front cover, you could put newspaper clippings in, but no large storage pockets.
No, It does not come with anything for prints except a blank page in the book. I asked my nurse at the hospital and she put them in the book for me.
Absolutely!!!
You can download different letters from different websites. A lot of websites have a thing where you get 3 free patterns per week. Some of the great websites are annthegran.com, and embroiderydesigns.com...along with letters and numbers there are tons of other patterns.
No, this is an embroidery only machine. I think Brother has the SE 400 that does regular sewing as well as embroidery
I've used my Brother PE500 for applique and loved the results! Many machine embroidery designs are made to include applique. Just about any design can be appliqued to a background using a shaped frame design from those pre-installed in the PE500. Design websites have excellent tutorials to guide you.
I noticed that. I think the normal price for this machine is $299 and amazon has it listed wrong. I bought it elsewhere on sale for $199 and the original price listed for it from that place was $299. Amazon has some great prices on machines but I don't think this is one of them.
A USB memory stick will not fit on this machine. I usually connect directly to my laptop using the cable that came with the machine to transfer files for embroidery. The instructions are on pages 69-71 in the manual.
You can, but you will have to rehoop it, as this machines embroidery area is 4x4.
It just depends on what all u want to embroider. I have it and love it don't have any issues with kids names at all
Not unless your design is bigger than 4x4.
This machine is not shipped outside the United States, it is NOT a dual voltage machine.
You have to use the USB cord to transfer the design from your computer to your Brother PE500 Embroidery machine. Once the design is saved to the machine, you can unplug the USB cord. When you start stitching, you don't need the USB cord plugged in...the design will be in the machine memory. You can have up to 12 designs saved to the machine. If you wish to delete a design and download different ones, then you will have to plug the USB cord in again and download the new designs to the machine.
Yes, I have it and this was a huge selling point for me to order it!
The platform that comes with this machine is not magnetic, however the Genius magnetic platform does work with this machine.
Hello, it's 6 inches wide by 13 inches long. Measurements are only for the cutting plate that comes with machine.
I believe 90 days? You can look on their web site
There are no numbers or a dial. Just the crank. The Evolution comes with different sized plates to make up the differences in thicknesses.
I'm sorry, but I don't know that answer. I don't have a sizzix type machine.
Hi Angela, The one that I bought is being used for display. It's proportions have been very consistent with a woman's size small throughout a few different brand names and clothing styles, so I feel like it's probably a pretty good model for sewing. I don't sew, but I could imagine that you'd need an average and proportional model that you can stick pins in, and this lady is that!
Mine is foam and then material. I am not sure whats under the foam. I think its sturdy. I use it for jewelry display. I really like mine. Its light enough for me to lift and I think great quality for the price
Hello, Yes. The white base and cap are available. Please send us a request after you make your order. Thank you. Fashion Display
The jersey color is more of a creamy white ivory. It's not a yellow ivory. It looks great in pictures, and provides a nice, neutral image for displaying items. I'm glad I purchased this form.
Yes, easily. It twists off.
When I was researching before purchase, I remember one commenter mentioning that this particular form was better for display, rather than sewing, pinning, etc. That may be the case for the professional seamstress. I've pinned and done light repair on some vintage items and have no complaints. It is attractive and easy to work with. Good luck!
Yes, we do, please visit our Amazon store "Fashion Display" Or you can take a look this link:
Hi Angela, Just send us a message after you place an order, and we will switch the base for you. Thank you!
That is what i use it for, however the stool is a bit uneven, so i had to use a piece of paper to even out it out.
yes, please send us a message, and we will guide you how to do. Thank you, John
All I know is that the product I've purchased, Red Crown High Test Lye, performs perfectly in my soap recipes. If it was not all lye, then that would throw off the delicate ratio of oils to lye that is required for the saponification process. I get a perfect PH balance with the finished bar. For the specific ingredients, I recommend you contact the manufacturer of the lye product.
It comes in the forms of pellets.
Correction to my answer- mix lye water and oil at 100degF
This is not food Grade being sold on this listing
Sodium hydroxide
I should certainly hope not!!! I use it for cleaning rust and crud off iron skillets and cast iron products. No animals. Jennie Seymour
Yes but it is like dust and not much. I didn't have any large piece hanging on. I was just using it for drain so it didn't matter much for me just rinsed spoon at time of pouring in drain. I have used in past for soap making and didn't have problem then either as spoon was large stainless and used it for mixing and then again to mix in to fats so wasn't a problem their either. Idk how it would work for bio-diesel applications.
Thank you for asking but unfortunately no, not at this point in time.
To be honest I'm not sure of the Shelf life of this brand, however the basic lye within the product has a indefinite shelf life. Because there are other additives which may somewhat dilute the shelf life, I would recommend you contact the company to obtain the actual shelf life of this product. I only had the lye for about 5 days after it arrived and my wife used it all making homemade soap from our used grease stash.
yes there are ten of each..
You can create your charm and insert an eye pin or eye screw or buy a charm that has one already inside. You pull the strap through the ring of the plug and pull it back in between the strap (this will secure the strap and plug together. do NOT pull it back out of the plug's ring), and finally, hook the strap's ring onto the hole of the eye pin.
it connects in the earphone hole.
yes
the plastic plug fits in the headphone jack of almost any phone,tablet that needs a stylis.you do need to hook the plug and stylis to the charm (cable).
You can use both to attach you phone. Just make sure the stylus has the appropriate hole to loop ring.
It is a sturdy machine it sews very well and I feel it will sew almost all fabrics. I know it will sew denim.
Mine came with 3 additional feet in small white boxes. A blind hem foot, a gathering foot and a elasticator foot.
Have you tried to push the round wheel in and turn it at the same time? That's if I'm understanding you correctly.If not please let me know .my serger is out in my sewing shop. If you still need help I will gladly go and recheck it and let you now what I find.
Vietnam
I just got this machine and set it up last night. It was delivered with 4 regular-sized spools of thread with not much thread on the spools. Already threaded. I will tie new threads on to each as suggested and use the hand wheel to advance them through the needles. I was forewarned not to let the thread run out so I don't have to rethread. (Though looking at it, it's clear where the threads go and perhaps it's not that difficult on this machine? Time will tell, I'm sure.) I'm a little worried the delivered spools will run out quickly, so haven't run the serger yet -- will install new spools before trying. Order thread or buy it before the serger is delivered. (Someone on a diff question suggested one site to buy. Hancock's has Maxi-lock on sale these two weeks.) Remember you need 4 spools to run full - that will be 4 white spools at a time, for instance! Even on sale it adds up! I did read that one can even use a bobbin for small jobs; that a bobbin would hold enough thread for perhaps one small tee? There's something called a Bob'n Serge - a little tray with small pins for 5 bobbins that fits on one of the pins. Mixed reviews, found 2 who really love it, some who said why bother. If you're only serging a little, makes sense. I also saw an expert who piggy backs sequential bobbins without cutting the thread between? Lots to explore. HTH.
Machine is per threaded with white. Needles included. You will need to purchase more spools of the colors you need. The machine is prethreaded so you can tie your new thread on and it feeds through - no need to thread yourself. Joanne's fabrics has two different quality of threads ranging from $1.00 to a better quality 3-4$. Hope this helps!
Yes it does. I love my machine.
You can see that in page 39 from manual (http://www.manualowl.com/m/Singer/14J250-Stylist-II-Serger/Manual/331696?page=39). I hope help you.
No.
The foot pedal indicates 110-125 VAC. Please try this site for starters. I know nothing of their products. http://www.babylock.com/sergers/
Yes, the 2" is exterior. I used this little box as a gift so don't have it to give exact measurement but I believe that the interior depth is about 1 1/2". Hope this helps.
No. It is for small trinkets.
It is 12 1/2" tall.
I think it would be a tight fit.
I think yes, I added hooks for mine, but hang it vertically
Hi, I haven't actually used mine yet, but it appears to be sturdy, and yes, it should hold small seashells. Good luck! :)
Yes Lauren. This is a set of three unfinished wooden trays that nest one inside the other. Thank you for asking.
10 inches is the length, 3 inches is the height.
yes the 10 x 6 is the biggest one. the small one is probably twice the size of a coaster.
No, they are three different sizes -- one smaller than the other. They arrive "nested", but all three are very cute.
smallest to largest fro outside to outside 4 1/4 "x 7 1/2 " ,5 1/4 "x 8 3/4 " ,6 "x 9 3/4" was happy with them
Yes- work very well on chalkboard paint as long as its indoors. These do not hold up to any kind of weather.
Yep! So long as you use windex and let sit for awhile. Might take a cpl times but it comes off my distressed wood with blackboard paint on it.
I imagine they would. I've used them on chalkboard, black dry erase board, black painted boards, pretty much any black surface (other than paper) and it works great! A side note, for intricate work use a white colored pencil first and then go over it with the chalk pen because the colored pencil is easy to erase if you make a mistake and the chalk pen is a bit harder to erase small mistakes. If you want to erase all of it, wipe with water and if there's a white residue then wipe with Windex. Hope this helps! :-)
We use on chalkboard painted menus. It wipes off fairly cleanly. Over time, a residue builds. If the surface is very shiny, you've got a good chance.
The smoother the surface, the less residue will be left behind. It certainly holds on better than dry chalk, but cleans up much easier than other brands.
Angled chisel tip
Yes! I've used them on black chalk paint, black paper and on cardboard. Good luck with your project!
Yes.
This equipment is best suited for making garments in quantities greater than 10 all exactly the same. If you're looking to print names and numbers (different for each jersey) this will take some effort.
I recommend aluminum frame and the silk mesh depends on what type of ink u plan to use. Wood frame works also but tends to warp over time if low quality wood is used.
it's a pretty large work area... Even with a standard nylon screen that you would purchase a your local craft store there is plenty of work space on all four sides. I'm currently away from home but will get an exact measurement for you later. Hope this helps!
Yes, a magnet on the back holds it in the up position. It works very well.
You need to screw the frame to a big piece of wood or a tabletop so that it doesn't flip over as you are printing. Make sure that you burn your screen in such a way that you are able to print it on the shirt properly. I use a little bit of spray glue on the platen to hold the shirt in place.
No screens. Just the base and the screen holder. You will need to buy 2 small clamps and clamp it to a table.
No, it is already assembled. Any screen printing Questions would be totally separate
The press is about 30 to 40 lbs.
How large is the printing area?
1 spray bottle should be more than enough.
Yes. I try to wipe it as quickly as possible, but water does bead. I've found that stains wipe off easily.
I didn't find that to be the case. I used it on sunbrella fabric and it worked well.
22 ounces
22oz bottle
I bought it for someone else who needed it. I own a different brand but haven't used it on anything as hard as a seashell. But the drill and bits are good for making holes and haven't heard complaints yet. If the seashell was thin enough I could see it working but I can't speak for thicker ones. Best!
It may but the plastic will likely clog the burr and will end up taking a long time. The burr is more like a file than a drill. You'd be better off with a small drill bit on an inexpensive rotary tool like a dremel.
I only use it on gemstone beads and pearls (with water).
It will, but you will go through reamer tips pretty quickly and replace a lot.
I used it to open rose quartz beads
I would recommend finding another alternative to this tool. Perhaps a Dremel.
I'm not sure- I havent tried it on any man made beads and not sure what would work- a Dremel? possibly?
If you are talking about the "big shot" then yes, I have used it in mine.
Yes, it will work with both the Big Kick and the Big Shot. The sandwich configuration (stacked from the bottom up, of course) included with the folder for the Big Kick is: A, base plate, M-Bossabilities folder with paper inserted between two sides of chosen design, then the Big Kick black plate. For the Big Shot, the sandwich configuration is: Big Shot multi-purpose platform, 2 pieces of 65 lb card stock to shim, M-Bossabilities folder with paper inserted between the two sides of chosen design, then the Big Shot cutting plate. Hope this helps. Happy crafting! : )
It does not cut just embossed. It's really pretty.
I have used several brands of embossing folders in the Boutique and not had any problems. Follow the instructions for inserting the folder into the Boutique. You will be happy with the convenience of having the Boutique as well as a Big Short or similar device.
Yes very well. Good luck
BIGKICK?? I am not sure what this is.
No, it will not much to my disappointment because it is gorgeous. I'm going to try making some cardboard spacers to see if I can get it to work but it will not work using the usual spacers.
It should, although I don't personally have one, but I've never had any issues with my other machines. Like with any embossing folder, you may have to adjust the thickness with different plates.
The November 2012 Cardmaker Magazine (p. 46) has instructions for making a card using this embossing folder. They use Spellbinders Jewel Tones Premium Craft Foil Assortment (#F-013). They say to place the foil into the folder on the bow side and run through the Grand Calibur machine (am sure Big Shot or Cuttlebug would work, also) to emboss. Then, sand embossed areas of foil panel using sanding block. They trimmed the foil panel to fit on a white card. I haven't tried it yet. Hope this helps.
I don't have a big shot, so I'm not sure. It's a folder that you put the paper into. It only embossed a 5 x 7 area. If you can use the cuttlebug folders, you can use this. See the spellbinder website for more info.
No, it doesn't because it is to wide to fit in the width of the mouth of the Sizzix boutique unfortunately. It is a beautiful embossing folder.
Yes, the Folder is 5 inches wide by 7 inches long, and I love them. They work best with a very light mist on them if you are using heavy card stock so the paper is more pliable.
The needles are hooked, but do not have the movable latch like a latch hook. They are itty-bitty. The beads are strung on your thread first and the thread is what is hooked. Takes practice! Hope this helps.
I do not see any difference -- same function, just different manufacturers!
3 Needles come with in the package. The Sizes are# 70 fine, # 90 medium and # 120 Large
The tambour needle set comes with instructions on how to replace needles and get other sizes also. Lacis.com is my choice to buy replacement needles!
yes it is -- check out youtube videos on "tambour beading" -- there are some very good intros by professionals like Robert Haven who show the methods of doing this. There are two ways to do tambour beading: either reverse side as is done by the incredible Broderie Lesage in Paris, or the right-side-up beading done by Indian and Pakistan.
We're are, indeed, using it for dice games and shakers. Have fun!
It would be exactly 6' x 6'.
I ordered 3 yards. It all came as one large piece.
Yes, it will be one piece, 2 yards long.
The felt is about an 1/8" thick and fairly soft and pliable
Only stands up
Dear Dorik-0246, sorry for not answering earlier, please contact me via amazon messages with your order number so i can look that up as to why you didnt receive your order. If you contact me via amazon messages you should receive an update within 24 hours!
Yes she can.
The foot is about 10 inches in length. It is hard for it to wear shoes/heels correctly unless you find the right height of the heel (I just use socks or stockings)
I don't have any issues with the stand. Works good for me.
Hello, Dear! I am the same like you are, a customer. I have placed my order on November, 7th, never heard anything from this seller regarding the shipping. For how long should we be waiting for our orders? I am ready to write a complaint since, as I can see, the mannequins are back in stock, but they are not going to ship them to us. That is ridiculous! Did you get any answer on your question? I guess that they are ignoring all the customers
Dear dorik-0246, sorry for not answering earlier, please contact me via amazon messages with your order number so i can look that up as to why you didnt receive your order. If you contact me via amazon messages you should receive an update within 24 hours!
This specific listing the arms and wrists do in fact rotate and the fingers are webbed.
No they are not.
This model is back in stock!
You definetly have to iron the canvas first, set into the frame and then when it is all tightened down start the painting.
No
I bought two for my mom and have not done them myself but by the looks of them they are way too complex for kids. I know my 11-year old would not have the patience.
I had a friend help me because it was beyond my ability. You have to stretch it over the frame and tack it down. Maybe you could try YouTube if you don't know anyone who is handy..
Choosing another seller who have enough inventory.
I have only used on a mosaic project, so I can't tell if it will dent or not, but from observing it on this project it seems very hard. It dries very fast, and has absolutely no odor. You can use it on furniture, craft projects, cement, terra cotta, brick etc. inside or outside, so it must be quite hard when dry. You can also lightly sand it, if needed. It is water-based and non-toxic. You can apply it with a brush or sponge. Use a good brush or it will show the brush marks. Hope this helps.
I used it for wood and it definitely works for a waterproof layer...so happy to have found something that works and it non toxic...hope it works for your spoons
Yes you can seal paper onto glass.
Our purpose for using this product was to seal paper labels on kiln flattened bottles. For that the product was successful.
I would say semi gloss
Best to ask the manufacturer, Moonpie.
I don't think it will hold up over time, but then again I don't know that there is anything that will hold up to what you are asking.
I would contact the manufacturer for that. I have only used it on wood.
I don't know. This is the first time I have used this product. I bought it to seal paper clay dolls. It seems to do a good job of sealing. It is a slightly shiny finish and stays sticky for a short while.
The product claims it completely seals watertight but I honestly have not tried submerging anything in water
There are a couple of different types the company sells. But I'm not sure if the arms are interchangeable. They have mannequins with bendable arms but this model isn't it. What you see is what you get. The arms do not bend on this model. I hope I've helped!
Only the pinky and thumb on her left hand are separated. The rest of her fingers are molded together.
No flexible at all. The torso swivels as does the arms at the shoulder but 1 leg remains stationary and the bent leg moves only a little. You can not bend mannequin into a seated position. The head pivots a little but nothing dramatic. Elbows do not bend. 1 arm is straight and the other is bent as in the picture. She is made out of hard plastic. There is no give. I hope that helps you.
No she does not and the wig is very cheap looking so I advise you to buy your own
Hi, about 1,70 cm
Yes
I am not sure of the age of these manaquins. However I did order one for Christmas. The one I received just like this one was in excelent shape. This was a gift for my daughter who loves to sew and can display her work and uses the manaquin for measuring and so forth. The company this comes from is very good answers questions and in my case got me my package at last minute. Hope this info helps.
Its not a person so it dosent really have an age but I would say its modeld after someone in the mid 20s cuse it is tall
It doesn't tilt. It can be turn d left or right.
The head is the same skin tone as the rest of the body . Over all a great value for the price .
Skull pops off the neck. Easy to assemble, no tools.
Left leg is removable, right leg is part of molded waist. I find the the leg and arms are loosely joined..so when I finished dressing them.. I contact cements joints together, making them permanenty
arms do move to an extent and the head turns, just keep in mind that you get what you pay for. the head is tiny and the arms usually fall of of mine. I just gave up on trying to keep them on.
This doll is awsome and the head is about the size of a 13 year olds head so small wigs are in order how ever the doll is TALL! it easily eaches about 7.9 feet tall
I have no idea sorry
If you are refferng to the torso and legs being separate so you can rotate each part (top and bottom), then yes.
Med shirt, 30 waist
Hi, The arms are not flexible for posing. Please see below link of our store of other mannequins
glass base was very sturdy, the head, arms, hands all separate from the body as well as one leg and the chest separate from each other.
Sorry, this item is shipped in a large box, if you buy 2 there will be packed and shipped in separated boxes. Thank you!
NO, it needs a wig
I think 6'5. I'm 5'7 and have to look up at it.
No. It can only stand as there are no joints in the legs/hips.
Yes you can.
Yes, we've had coveralls on him before.
The arms rotate but they do not bend.
I measured 22 1/4 inches above the ears and brow
yes .. however - be aware the hand is small - made from hard plastic - so fingers do not bend. a stretchy type glove would work best.
Yes, it stands via a glass plate and an aluminum rod in the right calf.
from head to waiste 28 inches . The rest is measure 50 inches. Total 78inches. I hope this helps
12" x 16"
Yes, not a problem. I just slipped a women's size M and it was just a little tight. Remember - the elbows do not bend.
Nope.
I would say about 6 feet
Yes, they are.
It's assembled. just folded into carry configuration. Just loosen the wing nuts that let the legs slide out. the side legs are held in by a clamp, pull firmly at the bottom of the leg and it will pop out. then position everything as it lets you. there are cutouts for the top of the back legs to show you where they are supposed to go. the front leg simply unfolds. tighten everything back up after positioning it as you want it. apologize for typos. dr put dilating drops in my eyes to day and stuff is still fuzz
They fold up!
It does, but it's still bulky due to the legs. I've had this easel for over a year now, and about 3 months after buying it, the legs went lopsided so I could only use it as a desk top easel.
I just measured mine and it extends to 35 inches.
It's pretty self explanatory, we got it for our eight year old and she can easily adjust it.
i don't do pastels, but you could i suppose, but I doubt it would stay that way. I bought this about a year ago, and at this point the part that you put the canvas in doesn't like to stay in place no matter how tight I make it. You can angle the whole thing back or stand it straight up when using it as a table top easel, but i can no longer use it standing up as the legs have become tilted. i didn't actually pay any $$ for it, and i honestly wouldn't get another one if i did have to pay $$.
It does have a light colored finish on it. It could easily be sanded and re-stained dark if you wish..
110
My machine is a Brother DB2-B737-413 (Excedra E-40). This motor not only worked, but bolted up to the table without drilling holes (already pre-drilled). I even reused the old belt. It was a great way to swap the machine over from 230v 3-phase to 115v.
Yes, it slows the stitches per minute, but increases the torque (penetrating power). If you plan on sewing leather or anything thick, get the 50 mm pulley!
unit made to reverse . listed in manual
If you Google, k-leg industrial sewing machine stand, you should find many vendors for it. I have seen them on ebay. I found mine on ebay, and it turned out they were in Chicago so I was able to pick mine up from them.
Your sewing machine will make more noise than this motor, it's super quiet.
I'm not sure if 7/8 inch is really what you mean, that's just shy of an inch and there are not to many sewing machines that an inch will fit under the foot of. But I know I sew two pieces of leather with two layers of double sided tap and a thin piece of plastic in-between and it goes through it great. But 7/8" I don't think it is going to work.
No have to order
This motor is designed for industrial sewing machines which have a treddle/pedal to control the speed. It is wired for 120 Volt AC current. Don't try to use this on any other sewing machine unless it's an industrial heavy duty with a table and pedal.
To answer your question, YES. It will sew through leather without a problem. I have 2 of these electric motors, one on my single needle Consew and the other on my double needle Singer. It makes sewing on an industrial machine just as easy as sewing on a home light duty machine. Use the pulley provided and the machine will sew one stitch at a time or at full speed if you can work that fast.
This spandex material does not look metallic at all the surface appears to have rubberized white material overtop however it does not Sparkel or shimmer the talent
I don't know how dense you need a projection screen to be, this material does not look metallic at all; instead it appears to have a plastic sheen over the top.
no but i'm not a good person to ask...After purchasing, I have not cut the fabric or used it at all. It's in incredible condition but once you cut it, I would imagine that it woould not fray as it's very tightly knit (its a composite material and sturdy). But again I have no cut it so can't tell if it would fray after.
Clay is cone 5-10 according to the box package.
Yes
The clay that arrived at my door was gray.
Yes....but you will have to let it get bone dry. The thinner you make it the quicker it will slake down into mud. You could mix in some tp...look up paper clay. Paper clay will help stiffen your models
pretty sure it's cone 5
The user manual has English translation and also comes with a DVD in English. There are also Juki tutorials on YouTube in English.
Yes, there is a speed slider over the reverse button. Please let us know if you have any other questions or comments. 757-588-1300, 1-877-4-FABHUT, or info@fabrichut.com. Thanks, Oren
It's not huge but it's not really light but the stitches and usability are nice.
Yes.
Martha, No, it does not come with a hard cover.
No it is not. I do have the walking foot attachment. Please let me know if I can help you. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Metal internal. Thanks Sammy
It is called a 15 Class Plastic bobbin. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Push button electronics
10 double sided pages, and then a sticker sheet, and a Letter sheet and then a "tag" sheet- It's very nice.
one design per sheet, double sided (so different designs on each side)
Just paper and stickers.
It came with 10-12 pages. My daughter has used some of them so that's an estimate.
Yes it is
It would be perfect for that application. Thick pile and washable. Seemed very durable so ideal in ybopinion.
It is pretty strong. I think if it isn't too heavily used, this fabric would work. It doesn't look that great, but it's soft and comfortable. It will do the job, but whether it'll look good is a different story.
I think this would work. One side is smooth and the other like a soft faux fur. There's nothing that would scratch the frames and there should be adequate cushioning to prevent rubbing.
I would say yes. It has a very tight weave and washes up nicely.
It is washable, I wash before I sew, it may shed some on the edges before it is sewn.
Believe it to be 5/8" deep...........
Depends on how blue you want it. I used 1 pound for 3 cubic feet of concrete. I used white cement and got a nice sky blue color. I used about 20 lbs of cement. So for 80 lbs of cement that would be around 12 cubic feet. 4 pounds would give a nice color. I noticed the blue dilutes quickly not like the greens and browns.
yes, it works with any grout. Since you would not be mixing all of the grout at once what I do is measure out the amount I want to mix for the time(say 6 cups of grout) then I color that amount by adding the colorant at a measuring spoon amount until I reach the color I want. Only you can tell how deep you want the grout color. (It will also dry a bit lighter) So If you start mixing and added a teaspoon and it's too light, add another measure until it looks right. I have done some large projects (table tops) and this works great. you might make yourself a note as you add the color. I have never done this by the pound measuring. Seems to me that a little color goes a long way! Just depends on how intense a color you need to achieve. hope this helps. Relax and have fun.
I can't say for sure. I used it on white grout and it is super intense and awesome. But as I have not used it in cement I can't say for sure
I never got the blue; they sent brown by mistake and then were out of stock on blue. Good luck
I use my color on the front of garden stones I make. Some have been in my yard for about 4 yrs in florida and the color is still looking good. I ask my customers if there stones still look good and have had no complaints with any of the pigment colors.
Approximately 3 inches in diameter at widest inside points. Depth is about one to one and a half inches depending on the rose level or just the heart. Love this mold for ease of removal of soap. It makes a lovely soap but the message limits the application for, say, a gift.
for all the detail in this mold to really show it really needs to be all liquid going in to the mold ..
Just one, but I love the design and bought a couple more.
No it is too big
The mold is high grade silicone and can certainly handle the high temps however, the manufacture is the one that must certify whether the silicone is food grade or not. This is from China and there is just no way to determine from the data provided whether it is food grade or not. Best to go with the ones that say "Food Grade" Silicone, or to purchase where you can talk to the vendor, like on the ETSY web site.
Hello, It generally takes 7 to 15 days to be delivered. thanks :
2 1/2 x 2 3/4 inches...I used it for chocolate and it is Outstanding.....looks very professional
Ok, I looked it up & here is your answer: http://gbcraft.com/shop/silicone-mold/praying-mold?mode=list so, YES, u can!
I have never dealt with fondant or gum paste but the angel mold is flexible. I used it for hot soap and when the soap cooled I was able to pull the mold from around the soap to make the perfect angel. It is also good for chocolate making so if fondant and gum paste is anything like chocolate making you should be good with this mold.
Yes. Don't worry, of you use them to make soap, don't worry that this is not felxable.
I use this mold for soap (cold process), but any type of soaping will work. The mold is silicone so all you have to do is place mold upside down after soap is ready to unmold. (cold process: 24 to 48 hours; melt and pour: about three hours) Once mold is upside down, gently press with heel of your hand to release air pocket. Then you can switch to thumbs to continue removing. It's simple and quick.
yes
A little smaller than a tennis ball
Yes it worked fine Ellen.
You can, using the software that comes with it but it is not as easy as it sounds. The computer takes the image and adjusts the color itself along with the kind of stitches needed. It takes practice and trial and error to take the image and stitch it. If you have lots of small color areas it will be difficult to have it transferred accurately.
I have rarely had thread bunching up at the pressure plate--unless it was something I did (wrong fabric stabilizer combination or need of new needle) make sure you are using a standing thread guide with a net on the spool--adjust your speed to the project(this singer model messes up if to fast for project) I use it at around p letter in Speed for heavy projects if your doing light fills for light stitching you can speed up a bit(and works better for that and may solve any loops on top when your light stitching----make sure your machine is threaded correctly and the bobbin is in correctly --that could also cause the bunching problem-----hope this helps--pat
A computer is required. Just a flash drive won't work.
OK this is actually what I was wanting to know so I dug into features pages offered by singer and this is what I came up with. The 550 comes with all the software (you can buy it separately for the 400), also it has 6 buttonholes and endless button hole instead of 2, 215 built in stitches instead of 30, Automatic Tension and thread cutter.
I ordered Polyester Thread Sets - 40 Spools - 1000M - 40 wt. by Threadart on Amazon and it is great for embroidery. Cost is $39.99. The only problem I have is that the thread gets tangled on spool holder but I put the spool of thread on the table and it works fine. I'm still in the learning curve as I've only had the machine about 3 months and haven't had much time to spend learning it. Hope this helps.
Yes it is
On Amazon.com, Brother offers an embroidery-only machine.
Any type of polyester/rayon embroidery thread. A common brand is Sulky, Exquisite, or Gutermann (not sure I have that spelled correctly). Embroidery thread is typically 40weight (wt.). You also need bobbin thread for the bobbin. It usually comes in black or white and has a different weight, but is actually called bobbin thread.
I think it could do a twin sized quilt without any problems. Probably bigger as well. I will try to get the dimensions when I get home and update.
I had the same question. I just looked at the singer website and it says it will. It requires a software update at Futera-Support.com to run with windows 8 is the only thing.
YES! These are the ones you want. Gotta press down on the tip to get the color flowing for the first time. Then shake each time and get the tip primed before your final draft. (:
Absolutely.
Yes
No, they do not.
I don't know because I don't have anything covered in chalkboard paint. Sorry.
Yes you can. Think of it as a conductive sheet. So taping wire to it anywhere will alow you to ground it.
Yes
You probably could make socks, but bear in mind that the material is a bit abrasive and also won't take much in the way of movement before tearing.
Hello, ArgenMesh is 59 inches wide and is being sold by linear foot. Therefore, quantity 1 will equal 1 feet long x 59inches wide. Quantity 5 will equal to 5 feet long by 59inches wide. Sincerely, FilterEMF
Like 6 ft long and like 2 feet wide
You will have to use a grounding cord I used old computer cord broke the prongs off left the ground prong on plugged the ground in cut the other end off taped it to the argenmesh I just lay it across my fitted sheet sleep without shirt your skin has to touch it or it won't work hope this helped
I'm not an expert, but I think it is supposed to block wifi. It's best to turn off WiFi while you're sleeping. Also, it's very helpful to drink distilled water since it doesn't conduct electricity. That's one of the most important things I've done to shield myself.
I am not sure if it would block everything. A Lead liner is the only thing that would do it for sure and I don't know how it would be done safely. Should you try the conductive shielding (ArgenMesh), I would double the layers&gt; This is just my thoughts, I could be wrong!
Yes, that is what I use with excellent results.
The picture is not to scale. You are ordering cloth fabric that is aprox 60" wide. If you order "1" you will receive a piece 1 foot (12") x 60". I ordered "3" and received 3' (36") x 60".
Yes, that's what I bought them for. I have a chicken wire frame that I use these hooks to hang my necklaces on! These work perfectly
They will bend using pliers, a nice size for dog tags too.
The wire diameter is .078" which is 1.98MM
No, you'll want something a bit thicker for a purse. Even toward the pot and pan holder size
I do not know I didn't close them
These tags sit very loosely on the wire. I use them with clips to hang my daughter's drawings. They slip off easily, even if they are gently nudged. I am going to try using pliers to close the openings a bit, but if the metal is too hard, they will likely snap in the process. They are definitely too large for a dog collar. You'd likely be better off using a small key ring. That is what we use for our Yorkie :)
I used these for a craft project connecting one inch hearts. It worked great for that. If they have smaller, I would go smaller depending on how small your dogs are
All the same, open type 's' hook. Easy to bend to make closed hook.
it's small. Approximately 2.3 mm
Yes, I use them to hang artwork.
Yes. They are thin enough to cut with tile nippers. They are actually 3/8 inch, though, as opposed to some I'd bought elsewhere which were nominally 3/8 inch but slightly bigger. They'd be very small pieces if cut.
I don't know exactly but there were about 30-50 maybe?
They have a white glaze on them.
It measures 15" in diameter. I love this clock. I have a very large one (36") in my living room. The 15" works well in any room.
Did not stick well.
Sorry to hear about that you middle section is broken. I know how easy it is to break, it's pretty delicate. I haven't seen it anywhere to get replacement parts, but try to contact the vendor, perhaps they can help you out.
It's not reusable
You could place the numbers in any arrangement you wanted if you are crafty enough. Perhaps cut each number off and place it then rub it off. But it comes premade for a circle. You could do it but you would have to be pretty crafty to get it just right!
Yes it peels off very easily.
The size of the entire clock is 15" in diameter. Each individual number is about 2-1/8" high. If you wanted to space the numbers out so that the clock's diameter was bigger or smaller, you would have to cut them out and space them individually though. They do not come as 12 separate numbers. They come on a single backer sheet, laid out as a 15" diameter clock. Hope that helps answer your question.
Is not loud, I hang up in my bedroom and I really like it.
We have it only in black.
The Aluminum center piece which houses the movement is 3.5 inches.
It measures 15" in diameter. I love this clock. I have a very large one (36") in my living room. The 15" works well in any room.
Did not stick well.
Sorry to hear about that you middle section is broken. I know how easy it is to break, it's pretty delicate. I haven't seen it anywhere to get replacement parts, but try to contact the vendor, perhaps they can help you out.
It's not reusable
You could place the numbers in any arrangement you wanted if you are crafty enough. Perhaps cut each number off and place it then rub it off. But it comes premade for a circle. You could do it but you would have to be pretty crafty to get it just right!
Yes it does
No, it's a front load. There's a little door on the front and it goes in vertically.
I have successfully sewn and hemmed jeans with this sewing machine.
Yes
Yes
Yes
not
yes.
I haven't tried it personally, but I believe this machine is plenty strong enough to handle quilting. It has a few quilt-specific stitches, but depending on the results you're looking for, it may not have all the quilting stitches that you'd get on a higher-end or quilt-specific machine.
Sorry, I purchased 2259,
Yes. A Big Shot, Vagabond, Cuttlebug, or one of many other brands of die cutting machine
I use a metal adapter to help cut it. Also it helps to keep it as far left or right in the the grand caliber. If it doesn't cut all the first time around, turn the die around so the opposite side is near one side or the other.
You need to put an extra piece of thin cardboard in when running it through the cuddle bug. It feels like you are going to brake the cuddle bug but it does not break and it does work.
Hi, We sell them per piece .31/ea Thank you.
very small the size for a wedding dress. the ones that go down the back of dress
Hi, We sell them by 24 pcs. You will need appx. 18 btns.
24 pcs.
Yes they were beautiful
The diameter is about 1/2 inch.
No
I got her a size 8 at the thrift store
the arms rotate around but the shoulder doesn't move
Sorry, this one don't have a wig. We do have other mannequins on promotions for free wigs give away. Thank you, John
Normally, we will ship out an order within 2 business days, unless it's out of stock or due to weather reasons. Thank you, John
Hi Mike, This mannequin can be weared high heels, but I would suggest you not to put those really tall high heels. Thank you, John
.68
Yes it does
Shots as fast as you can pull the trigger,
It is a great set for beginners.
Two finger trigger responsive. Good entry level marker - best at the price IMO. We've moved on to Tipman but this gun was fast and reliable.
Its free for the shipping
Should b refillable,just have find a place . is dicks or a archery store . just call around to places where you live.
I think its a great marker for starting out or to just go out and have fun with. As for rating it against another brand or the high dollar pro guns I cant. But this gun works fine, haven't had any problems with them - I have 2 of them.
No. CO2 is highly explosive ( source: my local paintball field burns trash and some idiot threw his tank in), so for safety reasons they come empty.
.68 caliber
Yes I have used it to make beeswax candles.take a hot needle and poke a hole in middle and insert wick after released from mold
I have used my mold a lot. I don't smell anything
This is just a single mold. I have seen a 6 cavity version in hard plastic but silicone is definitely easier to unmold
The mold is fantastic, but used it only for soap, so I can not give you a real answer
Im sorry, I don't know if they are lead free. They are nice thou very lite weight so I don"t think they would have lead in them.
I bought them year ago, used for my necklace and they look in it as good as year ago. I actually plan to reorder them again.
No, they are very small with a small hole in the center to fit the stretchy string.
The hole is a bit larger than 1mm. I used 1mm stretch cord to measure and had room of approximately a quarter or half a mm left. I was not able to run the cord through a second time. I hope this helps.
There are no pull strings or any similar way to close the bags. However, you could gather them at the top and tie them with string or rope. I use them to cover my plants in the winter. They are terrific for that use.
There is usually some duplicates, but they will not be all the same.
Yes
Look at the overall price of the bags and the shipping cost as it's most likely the same or cheaper than our competitors.
Bob, The ones that I received were about 30"x42". All of the bags are cut when opened. The first batch I received were cut length wise making them unusable for storage. However, the seller was excellent about replacing them with ones cut at the top. Again, the bags are cut open when the contents are removed. Hope that is helpful! Mark
WE sell that bag in a set of 3. They are a little better quality when buying this way instead of just the random assortment of 10. Put this number B007RZ8MD8 in the search box or you can just look for 3 packs of burlap bags and you will find our listing for this bag.
The shipping cost is built into the price as shipping costs can be prohibitive.
We only sell it in groups of 10 bags.
I don't have exact measurements, but they are pretty large... much larger than a king-sized pillow case. I stretched mine on a canvas that I would guess is about 2' x 3'.
We do not ship these internationally. The weight of these bags make shipping expensive and to ship to another country would not be worth the price. Thanks!
Potentially, depending on your skill level with doing wall stenciling. As with any wall stencil, the key is making sure you have it secured/taped in the right place and that the stencil cut is exact. I've found a heat tool like a wood burner doesn't cut/melt the exact line I want so I went back to using an Exacto knife to make sure I got the design I wanted.
Mylar which of this variety is see through, rigid, thin plastic is actually much stiffer than construction paper. You will need at least a very sharp #11 Exacto knife to cut it.
Yes definitely. That's exactly what I do and I feel mylar holds up best after a wash.
I had to use the Mat (carrier sheet) for a cutter.
It should work, if worry about heat transfer if the bulb is to close unless it led or cfl.
Thank you for your question. This material is too thick and not flexible for your project. You would be better with 4mil material which is thin and will cut with razor, but you may find since you have curves to cut looking at the gyro cutters they cut much easier than razor and produce cleaner curves. Hope this helps. Stencilease Customer Service.
Yes
Order 1 and it is 12" wide. Order 2 and you get a full 24" wide by 72". Good quality.
I am sorry but I do not use this material for that purpose. I am not familiar with what you are asking. Sorry
Gigi, You can absolutely use the stencil cutting tool to cut the 14 mil material. With the 14 mil material you will need to pass over the material a few times for it to cut completely through. This would be a perfect material for quilting. Our 14 mil material is about double the thickness of X-ray film. Please let us know if you have any further questions. Thank you, The StencilEase Team
Al, Unfortunately our material is not normally compatible with vinyl cutters. We use this material on laser tables, but have not had much luck with other cutters. Please let us know if you have any further questions. Thank you, The StencilEase Team
no, it isnt
The punch has a little hole with a pin in it, squize handles and pull pin out, opens right up replace pin to store.
Yes they do. On the top (or rather outer edge, as the orientation you hold them in would change that a bit) there is a locking pin which is positioned through the hole punch. Hold the handles together, slide the pin out (don't lose it though! Or you won't be able to lock the pliers up again) and a small cylinder will fall when the pliers open, that's the punch. The hole is punched with the same movement the eyelets are set with so it's a very smooth and assisted motion, and there is even a small rule there to let you know how deep the hole will be punched. I have only tried this with cardstock so I can't vouch for its ability to cut through much more than that, but it seems as if it could handle thin to medium leather as well.
yes. we used it for our wedding programs and it punched together 4 pieces of 100 lb card stock.
You can get them from same place this item was shipped from:
That is what I used them on. Granted it was not thick leather, but leather
This mangled my eyelets. I was using it for fabric not paper, but it's kinda crappy. I even took it to a crafting store and had an associate help me see if I was just not using it right...it broke in her hands. Would not recommend.
So sorry that we dont have taht size in our inventory at present.
I don't know. It broke on the 2nd punch.
Don't know, but I just used it, I didn't use any screwbits
I believe they're 3/16" eyelets, and the style is called "self-backing" (in reference to the scoring on the back end that makes it fan out when installed) One example: http://www.amazon.com/100pc-Metal-Eyelets-Clothes-Crafts/dp/B00B84NRMU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411777989&sr=8-1&keywords=eyelets+3%2F16%22
Bought this machine for my wife. She loves the options it came with. In answer to your question, yes & yes. The part #s you will need 1) 1/4" Quilting foot-SA 185 2) Even Feed walking foot-SA 140 3) When buying the Even Feed WF you will also want the Guide for it-SA132. Some dealers sell a combo package including both. 4) This machine uses the SA 156 Bobbins. Hope this helps.
No, it does not.
The sewing machine does really well sewing through multiple layers of denim or other heavy fabrics.
I checked everywhere and the letters cannot be made any bigger. I would have loved to make them bigger myself.
I have sewn both leather and denim on this, however, I have noticed that more than 3 layers of heavy denim is pretty difficult for it to get through. This holds true for almost all current machines. If you really want something that can handle heavy denim, you will need either an old industrial Necchi or an old treadle machine. For lighter denims and leathers, however, this machine works just fine. Remember also that the right needle can make all the difference in the world!! I cannot stress this enough ~ using leather needles for leather allows the needle to cut through the leather, and doesn't put any extra strain on the machine, because the motor isn't taxed by trying to push through a dull point. This is also true with denim ~ you need a needle made specifically FOR stitching denim. It has a different point and will pierce the fabric with less stress on the machine motor.
For the price, look at the Brother CS6000i. That one has all the quilting feet and the extension table. And a lot less money. Hope this helps.
No sewing machine will stitch through crystals and rhinestones . . .those will need to be added by hand or a special tool designed for that purpose. An experienced user will have no problem using this machine to stitch the garments.
Possibly, however it would be small and I am not sure that it would be a decorative look...however if you are just monograming for "ownership" for you child in college or something like that it would work... the letters are about an inch in height and are block style... hope this helps
Yes. There is a button to put the needle up and down automatically.
The free arm is for use on sleeves etc. The table attaches to the machine and gives a wider place to place the fabric and room for your hand to guide fabrics. The free arm will slide into a sleeve or tight spot for top stitching on the outside to give a finished look to the exterior of the garment especially in places where you want to have an outside ease for better, more natural fit. The table attachment makes it easier to do long straight stitch lines or stitch lines that require guidance over a longer distance like down the length of a skirt or when you have to use both hands to guide quilt peices through the machine. Does that help you any? I learned to sew on a treadle machine. You haven't lived until you see an old Singer in action!! I still use it when I want a softer stitch for quilts.
500 degree's
Only the top platen heats. The clamping pressure is as much as you want, you adjust the pressure mechanically with the hand screw.
That's what it's for...
You should have received a 2 fold instruction manual on how to get started. But if you didn't , it's no big deal. Just common sense. The transfers you purchase will have the temp and time that your machine should be set to. Hope this helps.
Press timer, the arrow up/down to set how long and then timer again.
It shows in both.
Fahrenheit. At least mine is.
There should be a sticker on the top with a plus and a minus. Turn the knob toward the plus to increase pressure or towards the minus for less pressure. When i got mine i turned it all the way to the right and then while turning it back to the right i counted the number of turns divided the total number of turns by 2 then i knew where "medium" pressure was. Hope this helps!
Yes it does.
not a swing away
Yes it has start and stop button and Free arm. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Not one that comes with it but one for my old machine works just fine on this.
4.5 inches high and 8 inches from needle to side I just finished a crib quilt with plenty of room so I think you'll be fine.
It will run the letters in a continuous string for you, bear in mind that these are sewn letters - not truly embroidered so the stitch quality would not be what you would want for say a monogram. The letter height is around 3/8" tall.
It has Snap-on feet
Yes it does
Sliding speed..
I don't see why not. I haven't done that particular task, but I haven't found something it can't tackle yet, and I put mine through a lot.
Any low shank darning (free motion quilting) foot should work with the machine. I have used the small, plastic one sold under the Distinctive name and it fits wells. To clarify a previous answer, the machine does not ship with a darning foot.
It includes the following: General Purpose Foot Overcasting Foot Sensor Buttonhole Foot Manual Button Hole Foot 4 Bobbins Hard Shell Cover Spool Cap (L) Spool Cap (S) Special Screw Driver Twin Needle Set Seam Ripper/Lint Brush Power Cord Foot Control Instruction Manual Warranty Card
not sure but 100% but I think that it means that you can insert the pins sideways to hold the fabric.
Yes it is.
You can click the shoulders of the dress form "in" and the move them about 2-3 inches on each side where they stay. You can get bodices and dresses on and off of the form without a closure/while you're working on the closure. It's very helpful. Sometimes the shoulders are hard to click in and out but it's manageable. I would recommend getting a collapsible shoulder dress form.
B: 34 1/2". W: 25 3/8". H: 35 1/2". S: 4 7/8"
Bust-36, Waist-28, and Hip-37 1/2
9.5" on a size 10.
It is so easy. I just step on the pedal and lift the body up or down. I can lift mine to a height of 80" (at the top of the filial) and maybe a bit more and it is still stable.
Yes
Im sorry but my supplier does not ship to the UK.
Depends on what you consider a "flat bottom". I measured it from hip to hip across the backside and it was 19.5". Then I measured myself and I was 21". It's definitely not as full as most humans but isn't totally flat either. I wish I could be of more help. I purchased this because the measurements seem to equate to my own but I am now finding that my torso, from beneath the breasts to the waist, is much narrower than this form. So once I take the garment in to my specifications, I can no longer get it on the form. I guess we're all built differently and this approximates what is considered an ideal.
Yes. it does
The mannequin is covered in a muslin type fabric and some padding, but there is a hard shell underneath, so you cannot stick pins in perpendicularly, because they hit the shell. But you can easily insert pins in such a way that they are parallel to the surface of the form. I hope that makes sense. I have not found this to be too much of a problem, especially considering the amount of money saved.
Yes i most definitely do! Here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/Female-Professional-Dress-Collapsible-Shoulders/dp/B008GIE8D8/ref=sr_1_1?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1391959374&sr=1-1&keywords=B008GIE8D8
Yes, I believe it would. I find it to be more durable than synthetic variety.
Hmmmm....not convinced it's the best solution. The weight of the wraphia is not heavy enough to hang down as a skirt and not wide enough! You'd need a lot to fill the waistband. I'd suggest tearing strips of muslin or cutting up strips of burlap. You could alternate each piece with thick yarn to add color and fit the theme of the party! Good luck!
I `have never tried using it for that, I use it for making baskets only.
No, and it's not durable enough. Sorry.
1/4" wide. :)
One piece of leather cut to a size of 12 inches by 24 inches
2.04-2.44 mm thick. 5/6 weight
Sorry, but I don't know
Yes , but needs patience with extracting .
Cannot see why not, it works very well for soaps which is heated to 120-140 degrees Fahrenheit. The mold itself is very soft and pliable which makes popping the final product out extremely easy.
No, it is one piece. The opening at the top of the mold is the bottom of the sheep.
It certainly is tough enough for fondant and chocolate, but the mold has an odd chemical smell and greasiness that does not go away even after soap and hot water. I would be weary of putting something in this mold that will be eaten by anyone. I would say you can use it but let people know not to EAT the sheep. For non edibles this mold is awesome.
Sorry, I don't know, I used it for soap. It is absolutely adorable, I can tell you that much
I don't see why you couldn't. As long as it will set up..you should be able to pop it right out.
IT`S FROM cHINA&#65292; USUALLY IT WILL TAKES ABOUT 10-20DAYS
No
Hand specifications: A. Minute hand-2 1/16" Hour hand-1 9/16" B. Minute hand-3" Hour hand-2 1/4" C. Minute hand-3 1/8" Hour hand-2 1/4" D. Minute hand-3" Hour hand-2 3/8" After check out be sure to let me know which hands you want A, B, C, OR ,D i will ship as soon as you let me know. This info is in the product description.. You must notify seller which you you want.....
The unit is a little over 2" square and about 5/8" thick. It has worked well for me.
My clock face is 4 1/2 inches and it is a perfect fit. It would probably work on a 4 inch clock face as long as the it is an open clock. If you have a clear cover over the face might be tight.
I would think the minute hand should be longer than the hour hand and if you need hands longer than 3" you need to look for another option. As best I can tell the longest set for this clock has a 3 1/8 inch minute hand. Good Luck!
I believe you would need B as shown in the second picture or J depending on the color you like. Hope this helps.
You have to email the seller after you place the order and let them know which hands. If you go under your account, and then orders, next to the order where you can track shipments one of the buttons says contact seller. Click on that, follow through and let them know which hands you want. I have ordered a few times and they always email back confirming that they got my message.
It comes with the kit.
first of all I don't sell these. I did buy one and had to cut the minute hand down to fit the area I needed to replace the one that went bad on mine. You might have to contact the seller for more information sorry I can;t help more
I didn't measure the shaft but my clock face is about 1/4" deep, if that helps. It did come with a second hand. Just repaired my clock today. It was easy and works perfectly
It comes unassembled in a box. I don't have the box any longer but the longest piece on it is 18 inches. I hope this helps.
Yes, in fact it is made to hang on the wall. I have two of them hanging side by side.
Hey are about 1 3/4" apart, but the nice thing about the pegs is that you can remove them if you have larger cones etc. I have small spools about 1 1/2" base and I can stack two on each peg. Then I have a row if pegs removed on one side to put larger cones. Each peg is about 3 1/2" long.
Yes! I have 2, hung side by side.
Yes. It attaches to the wall with screws so you can attach it to a peg board the same way.
I put 2 on plastic pegboard-just hung them from some pegboard hooks.
It has to be hung on the wall or propped up against something.
Plastic
I think it would work great. The pins that the spools go over are completely adjustable. There are holes that they snap into and you can space them how ever you want. The pins Are about 3". My rack is nearly full and I'll be getting another one of these
This is just the actual rack for sell. Not the thread.
When you are in Windows Explorer looking at your list of embroidery designs purchased, you will see a generic icon next to the file. This is not helpful. The Thumbnailer gives you a thumbnail picture of the design rather than a generic icon. This makes it very easy to quickly look through your designs to find what you need. Beware, however, the colors shown in the thumbnail can be bizarre and not representative of the actual colors of the design thus making it hard to discern what it is a picture of. I don't know what Essentials has; perhaps the thumbnailer is included. Work with what you for a while. If it gets irritating that all you see in Windows Explorer is a generic icon then purchase the thumbnailer. It does not do anything other than render a design. It is not software that you open; it just works once you install it. I like it except for the bizarre colors. It seems to be all my designs from Embroidery Library web site are shown with the wrong colors. (Simplicity SE3 machine and PC with Windows 8.1)
Yes it will. Thanks
Neither YES or NO Yosemite is part of Apple and works with the Web Browser I believe. I thought it was for mobile devices. Guess I am old fashioned but it does not seem like a mobile device is conducive to embroidery sorting. Embrillance thumbnailer helps you see the PICTURE of the embroidery design. Can you install on Apple? I think so. Read the box. Is the simple job of displaying the PICTURES worth yet? OH my YES!
I have the Embrilliance essentials, as well as the Thumbnailer installed on my Mac.
Yes, you can download to a usb stick from your library folder with design. Just right click design-send to-removable disk. Its also allows you to view designs without having to open any program, without it your computer is not set up to read these files. I can just go to my library, click my embroidery folder and see what I have and don't have. Makes life a little easier in planing a design before hand. Buy it, its worth it.
Embrilliance has some great easy user software, but their thumbnailer is JUST that and does not have any organizing tools. I do believe that Embird does, however.
This is stand-alone software, easy to install, easy to use.
No. It just shows you what the design is. Not necessary but nice to have.
No. I do not have embrillance basic and the thumbnailer works. (Windows 8.1 laptop; worked on my XP computer too). Very helpful but a lot of times the colors in the thumbnail were off which apparently is the design not the Thumbnailer because my software Edit Express Lite would also show wonky colors.
It works with both Mac and Windows!
Absolutely! I did some of those myself.
No, the pages are not perforated.
It does fine with Sharpie no-bleed markers, Pitt pens, Tombows and Micron Pigma pens. I don't know about Copic markers or other alcohol types.
Yes, mine was! Beautiful book.
The copic markers bleed through, good for acrylics, collage....light water coloring
64 pages.
White.
It's hardbound.
Here are the measurements of this listing, i also have many other sizes: Size12: Height of torso : 36 Inches Neck: 14.3 Shoulder to shoulder width: 21 Inches Chest/Bust: 38.1 Inches Waist: 29.5 Inches Hips: 39 Inches.
Yes is have this model in sizes 0 through 20, here are a few of the larger sizes: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DZUE3BO http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DZUD3F6 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DZUC654 http://www.amazon.com/Pinnable-Mannequin-Magnetic-Shoulders-Rolling/dp/B00DZU8G9O
This listing is for a size 12, i sell this model in all different sizes from 0 through 20!
Hello Maria , I don't have a chart to determine the size to buy. But what I did was look at the size of the dress form and compare it with my size. The forms to me are not always true to our size. That's my belief, hope it works out for you. Diana
Size12 Height of torso : 36 Inches Neck: 14.3 Shoulder to shoulder width: 21 Inches Chest/Bust: 38.1 Inches Waist: 29.5 Inches Hips: 39 Inches.
I sell a similar model with arms: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FEF7KY0
Size12 Height of torso : 36 Inches Neck: 14.3 Shoulder to shoulder width: 21 Inches Chest/Bust: 38.1 Inches Waist: 29.5 Inches Hips: 39 Inches.
Size 12. You would need to adjust by padding out the areas to meet your measurements. Hope that helps.
16.93
This model is only adjustable for the height, i also have other size in this model and i also carry the collapsible models as well, the measurements for this listing is: Size12 Height of torso : 36 Inches Neck: 14.3 Shoulder to shoulder width: 21 Inches Chest/Bust: 38.1 Inches Waist: 29.5 Inches Hips: 39 Inches.
yes it works . i have a brother sewing machine too. it works well with these threads.
Not for hand embroidery. Machine embroidery may be okay for small jobs, not enough thread for larger jobs.
I'm sorry I can't give you a d you to know approximately how much thread you get so I used one spool of black which I really don't need,and I put it on about 5 bobbins,a little l I figured its about 5 bobbins full,a little less. worth,for the price,I think its good.
It is not 5 inches tall. It's a normal spool size that fits on my Singer sewing machine just fine!
24 Spools
I really can't answer as I don't quilt. I bought this for my 8 yr old granddaughter to learn to sew, the spools are quiet small but the thread is sturdy.
the spool itself is 1/2 " by about 2 "...it is very strong thread and does not fray..just like regular thread on normal bobbins...I consider it a very good buy because you get many colors and unless you plan to sew a full garment where you might need a couple of same color bobbins, this is a very good buy..I am very pleased with the assortment to fix a hem,. a loose button, etc etc....
Hopefully it will be back in stock in a month or 2.
Foam
Raised all the way up, the shoulder is about 67 inches from the floor
It's 14 and 1/2 inches at the top of the shoulders narrowing slightly to 14 inches at base of arm. Hope this helps
Did your dress form Come with instructions? there's a white paper (if I'm not wrong) inside the dress form box that explains how to put the wheels, metals together I think it's a three step process it shouldn't be too hard make sure you put the bottom first then attach the top dress form to the middle metal and then to the wheels good luck!
Yes i do here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008I3KJI4
I need size 10
Sure here are the links: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A3FVGDM http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A3FUMZK
Yes i sell this in all sizes. Here are some links: http://www.amazon.com/Mannequin-Pinnable-Magnetic-Removable-Shoulders/dp/B00A3FVGDM/ref=sr_1_cc_1?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1393137015&sr=1-1-catcorr&keywords=B00A3FVGDM Mannequinmaven
Measurements: Height of torso only: 34.3 Inches Neck: 13 Inches Shoulder to shoulder width: 19.6 Inches Chest/Bust: 35 Inches Waist: 26.5 Inches Hips: 36.9 Inches. I also sell this model in many different sizes as well!
No, it's odorless
Most noticeable difference is the melt temperature. 444 is 5-10 degrees higher than 344.
Yes. Just keep stirring on medium or low. Only problem is clean up might be difficult. This wax didn't want to come off anything we used.
I have never melted this in the microwave, I've only used a double boiler. But, it seems like you should be able to.
It melts very easily and will work well with molds. It seems like a lot of wax, but it doesn't go far. Also, I tried wax that came in a block and that is extrely difficult to melt. These chips work way better!
I was scratching my head at that as well...I thought maybe it was a wax additive, but nothing came up in my search as well...Well if it was a typo on their part they should fix it cause I'm not going to purchase it because of it. who knows what sort of wax it could be if it really is a 334 soy wax cause I couldn't find anything in my search of many reputable outlets i use for candle making and ordering.
I know you can microwave this but, use a proper container that microwave safe.
After it's melted compleatly it should pour into whatever you want. Just be sure to give it plenary of time to cool
I was able to get 12 jars of the 8oz
Yes, when I make candles I also use 8oz jars. So far I have found that one 5lb bag works well. Sometimes I may still have some wax left over.
444 makes a firmer candle and has a higher melting point, while 464 has a better fragrance throw, but makes softer candles that might melt on a hot summer day. both are great for making container candles, but if you are planning on shipping your candles you might want to choose the 444. for making candles for your personal use i would choose the 464. there are many websites that contain info like this and MUCH more, try searching "how to make soy candles" or "tips on making soy candles". i hope this helps and good luck!
There is no scent at all to this wax. It's really incredible!
Yes
You have to fill one of those containers with water, and then pour it into a measuring cup to see how many ounces it holds. Then you can estimate how many ounces of wax you will need, as in my experience the volume equals the weight. So, for example, when you measure out the weight of one pound of wax, it will fill 16 ounces worth of container space in volume. Does that make sense? So if my containers hold four ounces, for example, I can fill four of them with 16 ounces/or one pound of wax measured dry, and then melted. So a 10 pound bag will fill 160 ounces of container volume. Please write again if I haven't made it clear.
Yes
It will be a very light cream, almost white, but not a pure bright white. Unless you buy some UV inhibitor separately to add, it will turn a bright yellow when exposed to any kind of sunlight for a while (meaning weeks, not hours.)
Please keep in mind, I'm new to candle making. However I have found it can vary from 1 oz per pound to 4 oz per pound. The scents I use are from candle science. I make 2-4 candles per pound. I try them out and make notes for future reference.
I have a candle making book that recommends 1 tablespoon of essential oil per pound of soy wax. I have been using that ratio, but it does not produce a strong smelling candle. Some oils smell stronger than others.
You would have to use a very light touch. They are not cut very deeply. I think you would have to experiment a bit.
The letters are 1/4 of an inch and it's hard to get a clean stamp image because they are somewhat awkward to handle. The little wooden box is cute however.
They are VERY tiny. MAYBE a centimeter by a centimeter. Too tiny to use. But adorable for decoration.
Sorry ,we don
Hi! Soft pastels are quite different from pastel chalk. Chalk has only a fraction of the pigment of soft pastels and is comprised of a lot of binder, only a small amount of pigment. I'm guessing by "compressed" you mean hard pastels, which are much harder to break and require more pressure to leave a mark on the surface. Typically, one would sketch their painting with a hard pastel, or use it for finer details. Half-soft pastel brands are used for blocking in color after you have completed the drawing. Finally, after applying several thin layers of the half-soft pastels, you would use the soft pastels to finish the painting. The hard pastels are used for drawing, the half-soft are used to build up layers of colors, the soft pastels are used for the final layer of color. A good hard pastel is Conte, a good half-soft brand is Rembrandt or Unison and a good soft pastel is Sennelier, Ferrario, or Holbein. Mungyo brand for artists is a good half-soft brand.
They're approximately 1 inch long by 1/4 inch wide. They may be small but the quality is great for the price, very beautiful colors.
They do but I would not recommend it they break easily and you would have to apply more pressure on a blackboard then you would a canvas
no, doesn't.
No there isn't anything like that.
As thes material pastel, It might be easily washable out of clothes.
They actually work very well, but you'll need to build up layers to get a really strong color
No
Mungyo - Not bad for using to color my greeting cards. I use them with stencil brushes. They don't smear or rub off.
It can use the Sizzix Pro dies that measure 12" wide x 12 3/4" length (or longer). The width of the Pro die must be 12" or less, though. I use the Pro cutting pads and that is all they need to go through the Fiskars Fuse. I have about 20 Pro dies and all of them work. However, the width of the Fuse is 12", so at least one side -must- be 12" or less. The dies can be any length, though, as long as your cutting pad is long enough.
The unit will work with Accuquilt GO! and Go Baby! dies BUT do not waste your money on their adapter plate kit, or your time calling the company for assistance. In order to use Accuquilt dies, in addition to using an Accuquilt cutting mat, you must use a LEXAN acrylic sheet to raise the die to the right thickness.I bought mine at a local glass cutting shop for @ $10 and got it cut to be 12" by 26" so that it was long enough to be used with any die I may purchase in the future. ( I say it must be a lexan sheet because typical plexiglass will break very quickly under the force of the rollers. Lexan is much more durable) FYI This machine also accepts dies from Sizzix, who also manufacture specific quilt dies that Accuquilt does not.
Yes -- they do work really well -- I like it better than the big shot on my spellbinders the fiskars seems to have more even pressure and I don't have to do multiple passes with the die, the only negative is that you do tear thro the rubber sheets fairly often. You need to purchase the adapter kit.
Yes, absolutely, but ONLY if the lino material is not mounted on the standard wood block or if you cut down the block; you will probably need to use the sold-separately adapter plates to find the right height and pressure for unmounted blocks. You also cannot use with old wooden/copper/lead mounted letterpress blocks, unless you carefully remove them from the wood or cut down the height of the block. Also will also not accept the large wooden Accuquilt dies.
Yes you can cut fabric with the Fiskars for appliques. You can cut multiple layers at the same time. I purchased the Adapter plates so that I can use other dies like, Cuttlebug, Sizzix, Spellbinders and Lifestyle. You might want to see a online video of cutting through fabrics. It is so easy to cut anything with Fiskars but just follow the directions or have fun and experiment. Hope this helps.
No sorry, I haven't any problems
Yes it can.
The number of layers you can cut depends on which manufacturers die you are using. Sizzix brand will cut up to eight layers, and Accuquilt Go! will cut up to six. It's determined by the the exposed depth of the die blade when the die is compressed in the machine, not the machine used to compress the die. Hope I was clear enough!
not if u dont have adapter kit
12 in across and as long as you want.....
They are very smooth, no need to worry about splinters they would work well for your project. The unfinished in this case refers to the fact that they do not have a finish coat of paint or stain but they are ready to finish.
They are a bit think so it depends on how wide the piggy bank slot it.
I am not a wood expert, but they appear to be a birch variety? It is a fairly hard wood.... Not soft like Balsa or pine
I had some breakage drilling a small hole for a key chain, I needed 80 and 6 or 7 broke along the grain when I drilled them using a drill press. Hope this helps some even if it doesn't fully answer your question
Width is 1.5 inches... All the way around...
They are unfinished wood so I imagine you could add anything that would adhere to such a surface.
They are smooth and easy to paint. No finish just means no lacquer
The disks are about 1/8" in thickness. I no longer have them and am unable to make an exact measurement.
She will love this loom. It is much simpler than traditional looms. The thread typically used for beading is Nymo, which comes in a variety of colors. Size 10 or twelve beading needles will be fine, twelve being the thinner of the two and the one I personally would use. You can get the needles at Jo-Ann's or Michael's and probably also the Nymo but the Nymo colors will be limited. You will need to go to a specific bead store or online for a better Nymo color range. A lot of people recommend size D Nymo, but I prefer size B, which is a little bit thinner. The best beads for looming are Japanese, either Miyuki or Toho. Japanese beads are more cylindrical and more uniform in size than Czech or other beads. I prefer Toho. For a beginner, I would recommend either size 11 Toho seed beads or Toho Treasures. The colors are amazing and the bead sizes are very consistent. My favorite online site for beads is General Bead in San Francisco. They have very good prices, free shipping over $50.00 and some deals right now on Toho Treasures and Mikuki Delicas in some really beautiful colors. A lot of other stores have have them, too; I just prefer General Bead. Michaels does (I think) carry small amounts of Tohos but I think they will be a lot cheaper if you buy online. You could also google on Amazon and compare prices. I would also recommend a thread conditioner called Thread Heaven which I think you can get either at JoAnn's or Michael's and definitely online. Another good place to buy supplied is Beadaholique, which has its own online store and also sells through Amazon. I also love Beaducation, which has great customer service and very good prices, though they are a little bit more focused on metalworking. Both Beadaholique and Beaducation have GREAT free teaching videos on You Tube, many of which focus on beading. I know Beadaholique has a video on the Ricks Loom. It's the best loom I've ever used and your granddaughter will love it!
I have not tried what you are describing but, as far as I can tell, you can do everything with the Ricks loom that you can with a regular loom. The one thing I have noticed is that when you take the piece off the loom the ends are very week and will quickly lose their shape. However, I have been able to prevent this by reinforcing the ends by weaving back and forth a few times on the last five or six rows on each end before I take the piece off the loom. This stabilizes the ends. All in all, I feel this slight problem is greatly outweighed by the elimination of the many threads that have to be woven in once a piece is taken off a regular loom. I have stopped using my other looms now that I have the Ricks. Once you follow the directions (and they are easy), it really work likes a regular loom and, in my opinion, you would be able to weave with different size beads.
If you want something wider or longer than the loom's size you make it in sections & sew together.
Hi. I really think it is a great loom and would be perfect for her. It is easy to learn how to use and I think the quality of the pieces is very good. The big difference between this and other looms is that there are only a couple of warp threads (per each end of the piece) that need to be woven in when the piece is finished. This is a MAJOR improvement over a regular loom. The one thing I would say is that before the piece is removed from the loom the weaver should weave additional weft threads back and forth through the last four or five rows of the piece on each end. This is because the ends need added firmness so that they will not be weak or unstable when the piece is taken off the loom. But, in my opinion, this is a small price to pay for not having to weave back through all the warp threads, which is necessary on a regular loom. This really is a great loom. The company Beadaholique (which is an Amazon vendor) also has an online store and I have seen this loom there for $50. They also have free shipping for purchases over $25. I think your daughter would love this loom.
You're very limited with size with this loom. No bigger than 8 inches or so.
If it were my child I would purchase something less expensive for them to try beading on . That way if they do not like to bead you haven't lost a lot of monies.
You can easily do three and a half. I would say you could even go as small as one inch. It is pretty amazing.
Sure you can. You can use fibers with ANY loom. Mirrix has a shedding device like looms made strictly for fibers, but you don't need a shedding device for bead weaving and you can weave fibers on a bead loom by taking the fibers over and under the warp threads manually. Mirrix has nice information on their website about different weave styles you can do and ways to change between fibers and beaded sections of a piece.
Since the back part is adjustable, you do not need to know the size. Really nice for beading since it slants. The hardest part for me was getting the thread on but it gets easier each time. Getting ready to make another bracelet shortly. I make the bracelets from Beadshop.com. If you look at the new videos there is one that talks about looming.
Yes it does. I have made a couple of hat bands using size 11 beads. They look beautiful.
....I need to know this question too as i might move to the UK at some point and they use 220!
Yes
Hi on the Silhouette blog it will show you what it comes with ahead of time. I will tell you that mostof them are really basic.
Yes. Just pick out your object then save to pics. Name it and go to file in silhouette. Choose import to my library. Type in file name then ok. That hopefully answered your question.
yes but you must change it to svg through the silhouette program and you must have silhouette's studio designer edition.
No it does not you would have to upgrade the software to the Silhouette Designer Edition. And you can do that from the Silhouette website. I brought that same bundle very pleased with it
Duel voltage, so it will run 220v
Either is okay. It comes with a tacky mat that you can use to cut from small sheets or just feed the roll in
Without the roll feeder, it works best on single sheets of media. I recommend the cutting mat for most media, the rollers can't be trusted to hold all things firmly enough. Definitely research cutting mat care and preservation as this can become one of the more expensive aspects using the Silhouette.
No, it does not cut mylar well. Unless it is super thin it will just score the top .
Hi. It will take 2 to 7 days.
it is white.
This is a really heavy material and the fur is quite long. I was sewing two layers together and it required a very sturdy needle. It is also a very sheddy material. If anyone sits on it they will have white fur on them.
I've washed mine on the gentle cycle with no problems.
I dont have it near me but I believe it was around 3 to 4 inches
I got a continuous piece myself.
I'm sorry, I didn't notice on the original packaging if it listed it or not. Perhaps the seller will be able to help.
Yes, it would work well for that.
I ordered one yard, it was 39" by 57" when I measured. My measurements may be off though... Hope I helped!
I ordered a two yard piece and a one yard piece and it came as one 3 yard piece.
No. The limited edition has a fine tip on one end (like an original marker) and the brush end on the other end (like a ciao or sketch marker). Airbrush systems work best with copic sketch markers because they have the chisel tip on one end which inserts into the system. These markers are the right size for airbrushing but don't have the chisel end you need. I really like this limited edition for the fine tip end on some great colors but it's not useful for airbrushing.
They were made available in September 2012. I asked Copic how long they were offering the set and they claimed there was a limited number made and distributed to dealers, once those are gone they wouldn't be made again. But, considering they've been out for over 10 months now, you can take Copic's answer as you wish.
The limited edition markers still use the regular Copic Various Ink refills. The fine nib on these markers can be replaced with any of the nibs meant for the fine nib end of the original Copic (square-bodied) markers. The brush nib is the Super Brush nibs, which is also a standard Copic replacement nib for the Sketch markers.
It really depends on how you use your markers. These markers come with a fine tip nib as opposed to the standard chisel nib. I find that fine tip nib is more useful for illustration(which is what I do). The black casing is nice and I do have to say and these markers still come with a standard brush nib, so it's really up to you if it's worth it.
We are sorry, but this set cannot ship to Egypt. Please contact the Copic Marker distributor in Egypt for your Copic needs. If you need help in finding the nearest source, please email tmp-jpn@toomarker.co.jp. They will be happy to help you.
The brush tip is exactly the same on both sets. The other tip on this set is a fine tip (good for outlining, coloring small images or possibly writing) rather than a chisel tip. I have this set and love it!
This set has the fine nib and brush nib, not a chisel tip
No, you can replace either end with whatever nib you want.
Yes they are :)
The brush is the same, but the chisel end is a fine point not a squared chisel. And there are some limited colors that are really hard to get
Sure, basic easy to use. Noauto threader for needle nor needle downnposition. I got it as a second machine but irs so good I now use it as my everyday machine, cant b go wrong. s
Hi Helen, I suppose it is a regular bobbin that can be purchase most anywhere. I am not sure what the S curved bolt is but the attachments are held by a screw.
I have it. sewingmachineoutlet.com 800-487-7397 Thanks Sammy
Yes it will work it is 14 inch so you will have 2 inch on the right gap. I do have it in stock. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
Linda, You may vary length and width on most stitches. On the stretch stitches the length is pre-set. Thankyou, Stephen
No.
No not with this model.
Yes. My wife makes cloth diapers and bamboo plush inserts with this machine. Works great, she loves it.
No, I didn't. Is it the packing? Also, they note that the serger has been oiled and that you should run some fabric through to clean it before using. Could it be that? Sorry, not too helpful here.
Hi! I've used mine for all kinds of fabric... heavy denims, faux leathers, and home dec fabrics. I'm also not very gentle so have broken a few needles along the way, but never had any problems with the machine itself. It's a good one! Hope that helps.
Yes, it is pre-threaded with spools of white thread.
It sews fast. Cannot really go slow.
I have had my machine for almost a year and usually sew heavy canvas and it handles that with ease. I am very happy with my purchase.
Yes, this machine will gather and ruffle, but you will need to get the gathering foot. It does not come with it. If you buy from us, we can include it. Please feel free to call, 757-588-1300, 1-877-4-FABHUT, or email, info@fabrichut.com, us back. Thanks, Oren
Yes
2 layers would probably be a good idea and I would add a sticky tricot and then add the cut-away and put some water soluble stabilizer on the top of the item. I would also definitely do a couple different samples!
It might but it will totally frustrate you. I have a 5x7 hoop and wish the stabilizer was 1 inch wider. I would not suggest this stabilizer ONLY because of the width.
no mam its not sticky. you willhave to sprayit
It can be used either way, Amy. I do both.
This is my favorite cut away stabilizer! I use it on just about everything I embroider on the machine but it is particularly great at helpling to keep the shape of the fabric when embroidering on knits.
No, a cut-away is meant to be more OF A PERMANENT stabilizer. It does not wash away.
Cut your own size to use as stabilizer. Cheaper to use than precut squares.
It is! Is actually a very soft, medium weight stabilizer. Probably my favorite.
Alot, I have never had it not work with names, are big and small designs
good morning, the pumps dont pump adequeately, sometimes it pumps out soap, other times nothing, they lock up, they come un-screwed from the locking cap. also, i ordered the black pumps with the black locking rings, i received black pumps, white locking rings. i was very diappointed with this product and i have had to go to another source to buy new ones.
About an inch. I had tops with holes already in them, just glue them on
The ones 1 got were too long. They were cut to fit. However, I'm sure you can buy aquarium hose to fit your need.
The cap is threaded but it needs to screw onto the collar. It will lock as well. They are very good - I have had no problems with them.
Not sure about that but I do know that lotion and thicker soap does not pump very well - I had to put thin soap in it
They're pretty thin, doubt you could put anything heavy on them. So I guess it depends what you're using them for. I put beads and tiny charms on them to make wine charms. Maybe you could find charms with names? I bought little hearts that said "Grandmother" on etsy.com. I saw someone drilled holes in scrabble tiles, could work for short names. Or get small metal pieces engraved.
They are a little thick, I use 6mm. But I straighten it out with jewelry pliers.
It is a 1" ring. It came with a card that converts Bead sizes in millimeters. Hope this helped. Have fun with them.
I've made several sets of wine charms and the hoops have held up beautifully. They seem pretty sturdy - you'll definitely need a pair of craft pliers to straighten our the hook (when threading the beads on). I made my charms for gifting purposes, so I'm not familiar with the ins and outs of marketing and selling these things. When gifting, I pack my set of 8 in a little drawstring bag that I found at Michael's Art and Crafts store. The bags came in a pack of 10 (and of course I used a 40% off coupon to pay for them) and can be found in the wedding favors supplies aisle. Sometimes, I'll add a little stamped gift tag (hole punched in the corner and attach it to the drawstring with a large jump ring).
Hi, thanks for your question. Amazon.com does ship to Canada and there shouldn't be a problem when you check out if you have used that shipping address before. In this situation, I'd suggest contacting Amazon Customer Service, as they will be able to better assist. Here's a link to our Contact Us page:
The feet are blind stitch, gathering, piping, elastic tape sewing, curve/pearl, beading, cording, and blind hem.
The Juki does have a prresser foot lift.
When looking at a serger you have to decide what features are you going to need. I recommend this serger highly. Juki is an excellent brand producing both home use and industrial use machines. The reason I bought the serger with the 8 piece foot kit was primarily for the piping foot, the cording foot and the gathering foot. Because the feet do not seem to be available separately, I thought the bonus package was a good deal. The value of the items included far exceed the extra charge.
I have the Juki MO-654 and I love it! I do have some experience with sewing and I think this machine is very easy to use. I've only had it a few months but it's already proved itself with many sweater coats and armwarmers. =)
It's the telescoping thread guide bar.
Yes, it will drive you crazy! It is very difficult to thread!!! I am a professional seamstress and have had many sergers before this one! I sold it to a friend who has worked with these machines before. Go with the one that air threads itself, and you should be fine!
I believe there was white, cream and black.
It has done well with several layers but I have not tried canvas. I am also making bags and I find it works very well with Home Dec. fabric. Hope this helps.
It does not.
Do you have the dvd to watch? http://www.juki.co.jp/household_en/serger/ has pdf files with diagrams of the threading. The thread underneath has to be pulled through with a tweezer. That was the hardest part to learn. I was overwhelmed but once I threaded the machine a couple of times it really wasn't so bad. I follow the color dots. I got really frustrated with the tension then realized I had to pull on of the threads up into the silver thread holder under the yellow tension dial. Once I got that thread held correctly the tension was fine. Hang in there! The machine is awesome! If you don't have the dvd try to find a used copy or call Juki. It has helped me with doing the different stitches as well.
Yes, I used it in a cricut and silhouette. The product is not good though. it's very thin and comes with minimal direction. I would steer you towards siser easy weed htv.
So far this heat transfer vinyl is holding up for me. Most of the time items are washed on cold, gentle cycle & low heat dry but they have survived regular washing & high heat drying.
The colors included in the pack are White, Black, Blue, Red and Green. Two sheets of each.
Wash it normal and air dry. You should have Noel issues ifit was ironed on correcrly.
So far so good
As best I can recall, no. This product is junk. Buy some siser easy weed heat transfer vinyl instead!
Yes you can but you have to go SLOW and STEADY! Take your time and it should be fine.
There are 2 sheets each of black, white, green, blue, & red. Like it shows in the corner of the package in the picture.
My machines both have drop in bobbins and these make them run more smoothly.
Yes, that's how my machine is too. I just drop in the Genie before I drop in the bobbin. Works great!
Yes they will. I use them in my Bernina which is an "oldie" and they work like a charm!
Yes
They say they do. They just make the bobbin spin easier, my thought is yes. I do know for sure they will work on Phaff and Janome, as I have used them on both. Seem to do their job pretty well, not perfect, but do see improvement, so I'll keep using them.
The genie goes in first...bobbin on top. Jan
My wife believes her sister-in-law is using them on her long arm quilting machine which has a front leading bobbin. As I understand they go behind the bobbin so I would guess it would not matter if it is front leading.
Yes, absolutely works on my Pfaff Creative Performance, I have them installed on a Brother, a Singer and a Janome too. Works great!
This machine is very sturdy. I went to test out the new ovation with "all the fancy features" and this machine did not pass my test. When I put the paddle all the way down to the floor it vibrated like crazy and started bouncing around on the table. The Juki MO 735 did not vibrate and move on the table whatsoever! I was pretty impressed so I ordered the Juki from Amazon and was not disappointed. That being said upholstery fabric with welting is very heavy duty and if that is your only purpose for buying a serger I would suggest an industrial Juki model that has a bit more muscle than a home serger. The industrial models are twice if not three times as fast and bigger knives to cut through the fabric it will have no problem cutting through and sewing whatever you throw at it. The Juki-MO 735 as you know also converts to a cover stitch and has a 2 thread overstitch function. Many, many different stitches and they all turn out beautiful. I sew every day and I love this serger.
3 needles - the first and second are for serger and the third is when you switch to cover stitch feature.
Yes, it does the cover stitch.
No
yes it does do a cover stitch. Also if you buy this machine you will find that the DVD is not in English but between watching it and reading the booklet of instructions on how to thread it and obtain the different stitches it is fairly easy to operate and does make a very nice stitch.
It comes with a cording presser foot,blind hem/universal guide foot,curve/ pearl foot,beading presser foot, gathering presser foot, blind stitch presser foot, piping presser foot, elastic tape sewing presser foot and the reg presser foot. I haven't tried any of the other presser feet but they look sturdy and should work well. I have loved working with this machine. It is great.
My favorite way to adjust the width along the edge is to use the small white slider button in front of the loopers. It is VERY sensitive and you will have to play with it to get it exactly where you want it. Use this in conjunction with your tension to get the look you desire.
no.
Mine has a 120V.
I haven't had any problems, however, I'm very careful when sewing with fabrics such as heavy denim, using extra caution when sewing over the multi-layered seams. The machine does not skip stitches and I am very happy with the quality of the stitching.
Yes! It's very easy to setup and works well, but I think that is better if you buy an charger too.
Yes it will fit. It is a tight squeeze but you can do it...I Think. I put the 240ma in my 109 and it is the same size as the 108. It won't hurt to try. You could put 2 150ma in parallel and do it that way. GOOD LUCK!
I carry the original with a universal charger for cell phones, as long as you of the voltage
I don't know. Sorry
I don't know .
No, it did not work
I believe that by law any bird feathers for sale have to be sterilized, Im sure the millinery industry wouldn't tolerate anything else. That's all they'd need is bird mites!!
the birds naturally loose their feathers at the end of the mating season or thereabouts..they do not have to be killed to get the feathers
8-9 inches
There were 10 in a pack and the eye sizes were consistent. Nice quality.
5 per pack. Nice feathers!
If no 110v you will need a transformer that will convert 220v to 110v
No it does not.
I can't find one either, but I take off the left part and fit the machine into a rolling (scrapbookers) craft bag. I bought a regular cover (hard plastic) at first, but I don't like it. (you have to take of that part anyway. The rolling cart is better, even though you have to take off the left side of the machine. Hope this helps?
Yes, it is listed as a compatible accessory on the Singer website. http://www.singerco.com/products/2251/1-one/presser-feet I hope that helps!
The only stated voltage in the documentation is for the European version Rated Voltage: 230 V ~ Rated Frequency: 50 Hz Rated input: 75 W
21 long x 14 tall x 10 for the width (all inches of course) if you want the entire machine to fit in the case. Remember, the arm does come off so then you are about 16 x 14 then. Hope that helps ;o)
The SINGER One sewing machine does not come with the Even Feed Foot, however, the foot is available for purchase on Amazon
It is for 110 only. It says only US and Canada.
the model number of the Singer One is "1"
Yes 1/2 inch foot
I am not sure. These feet fit machines with a low shank. They also are made to snap on.
It fits my HD-110 which is about 20 years old. It is a low shank machine.
I don't know, I got them for my Brother machine. sorry.
I'm sorry,I don't know. The set is beautiful, I've purchase quite a few Distinctive for my 6600 Janome and they are all high quality feet. Judith
I'm not sure. I haven't been able to master this product for my purposes.
I have two Brother sewing machines. One is the Innovis 1700 the other one is a JX-2517. All of the Distinctive feet fit both machines.
yes they will work just fine
Yes that is what it is in inches.
If your machine takes standard snap-on feet, then they should. I am not familiar with your maching. They work on my Juki and my Brother.
I have mine on a dimmer!!!
yes
advise That you check with the manufacturer. The lamp we ordered came with 40 watt bulbs, which created the perfect light in the areas we are using them, which is a yoga studio. i love the lightening produced and would repurchase. good luck
no, but it is a nice soft light
You could but the base of the bulbs is very small. It's definitely meant to be used as a back light. Very easy on the easy. The perfect amount of light IMO
Hi there. Mine has a switch on the cord.
the lamp is officially 57 and 3/4inches tall which would make it 2 and 1/4inches short of 5 feet tall..if you would like to see pictures of it in our home setting compared next to some things feel free to let me know you can email me at jeremybcalnan@gmail.com
Carbonized bamboo is darker in color because it has undergone a change, not a stain. During the manufacturing of the product, the strips of bamboo are boiled and change color (becoming browner in tone). This process also softens the material.
I put mine out in the sun. That seemed to help.
I had one crack at the where it joins with the base of the hook and I just cut through the rest of the tube to separate it, removed the small plastic that remained on the base of the hook then simply pushed the tube back on to the base of the hook and finished the rest of the blanket I was working on with no problem. No need for glue or anything special to be done. :)
The largest is a 10mm, or a "N"...down to quite small. I actually purchased FOR the large hook, to make blankets, SO VERY HAPPY with this purchase!
these are for use for projects using the tunesian stitch or also known as afghan stitch.
1 layer, but as many as you can get on your matt. so either a 12x24 or 12x12 square
Some machine embroidery designers are making their designs with some intricate appliques. These would be tedious to cut out in the usual manner, so cutting them out with the Silhouette would be immensely helpful.
It will cut cotton. I have also been successful cutting acrylic felt but forget about wool felt or other types of fabric. Also be aware that to cut any fabric you have to back it with fairly heavy iron on adhesive. This isn't always ideal for things like appliqu since it will create a very stiff quilt.
Yes, but you need a stabilizer and a cutting mat
No, this blade is only for Silhouette machines. You would have to find a Cricut brand blade for their products.
No, you can use Heat N Bond Lite
Yes, the blades can be used on any Silhouette machine, even the older Silhouette SD. I have the Cameo and can't recommend it strongly enough. The full-size 12"x12" cutting area is so handy for so many projects and you can always cut small items, too.
I just recently ventured into this feature myself....(there's so much to do with this machine....I LOVE IT!!!!).....I've only cut common cotton and cotton-blended fabric so far....but I can tell you that it cut those perfectly for me. I used a tip I found online that suggested you iron it to something like freezer paper or "Heat N Bond lite" which is what I use. Place it onto the mat with the paper facing up....the fabric will be directly on the sticky mat......KEEP IN MIND to FLIP YOUR IMAGE BEFORE CUTTING....OR IT WILL come out BACKWARDS. Make sure to do this with letters. I wish I had some to try so I could tell you but I can tell you this....I LOVE this machine!!!!.....there's so much you can do with it and I am so happy I bought one.
I once asked Silhouette about a special material and this is part of their reply, maybe this helps with your question: "The Silhouette has a cutting force of 210gf and includes a blade that can extend to approximately 1 mm in depth to accommodate thicker material types. However, there is still a limitation depending on the material type's density and make up. Certain materials that are overly dense (such as thin metals or acetate, for example) may not be able to be cut well or at all and can impair the blade. Certain materials that have abrasive natures (such as thicker chipboard or sandpaper) may also impair the blade or dull it very quickly. On the other side of the spectrum, certain fibrous materials (such as select felt materials or handmade papers) may not be held together densely enough for successful cutting."
Yes it works with the portrait and the cameo. This is a quote from the Silhouette site: "This replacement blade is compatible with all Silhouette electronic cutting tools".
No, this will not work for that. The sticky part is between two pieces of paper that you have to peal off
No
No. I use the low tack cutting mat and have not any any problems with the backing sheet sticking to the cutting mat.
If you put it through a printer as you describe, your design would print onto the protective paper. When you peel off the protective layer, there is no design left. Why would you want do that? I'm not sure there is any advantage to doing that. Better to use something with adhesive on only one side, so that your printed design remains. Example: full sheet ink jet or laser label paper from Avery or Silhouette.
Yes. The instructions suggest using the side with the yellow paper first. Remove the protective yellow paper and apply the double sided adhesive to your target surface. Once applied you remove the white protective paper. That can sometimes be a challenge. If the item you have applied the double sided adhesive will allow, use a piece of masking tape to pull and edge of the white paper up off the double sided adhesive. Once you get an edge started the white paper is easy to remove.
I don't know I bought this to make paper beads. It seems to unwrap quickly but maybe on a less sounded surface it may work well. Hope this helps a little. Heliena
I think it would work too well. The adhesive is very strong so if you plan to put it on a car, you might not get it off safely. But other than that issue this adhesive Will stick really well to the item you want to stick.
I doubt it, but have no way to test it.
You should be able to as this was designed to be cut with the tiny blade. I just tested this with my whale punch with no problems ;-)
I don't know. I use it on paper. If you want permanent, perhaps a strong glue. Sorry I'm not able to be of more help
Just use any program, like iBooth that uses a Camera. Just plug it into an USB port, start the program an tell it to use the alternate camera. Hope it works.
I was able to install it on Windows 7 with no problem. However, even though I had selected English as the language, it all came up in Chinese (I think). Even in Chinese though I went over to the 3rd or 4th tab over and clicked on it which brought up the various languages and I again selected English which at that point converted everything to English. Hopefully that will help.
The diameter at the lens end, as measured with a micrometer, is .4366 inches. It is that diameter for about 3.75 inches along the barrel. Then it increases to .4578. Total length of the barrel is aprox. 5.25 inches
It is made for plugging into a USB port. The port can be on any electronic device, computer, Ipad, TV etc
titanium white, lemon yellow, medium yellow, deep yellow, orange, flesh tint, vermillon, brilliant red, crimson, violet, blue lake, cerulean blue hue, phthalo blue, ultramarine, light green, phthalo green, grass green, viridian hue, yellow ochre, raw unber, burnt umber, paynes gray, mars black. these are great acrylic paints.
No
Acrylics are NOT the type of paint to use. Go to Walmart and buy craft paint that can be used on material. It can be washed and retains it's vibrancy....acrylics are blotchy, if adhering at all. Do not recommend.
I use these paints on anything! I don't however expect that it would hold up well outside in the weather. I have painted on paper, canvas, wood and even glass. Very versatile!
Either postal or UPS depending on ship to location.
Since the manufacturer does list that the paints can be heated in an oven at low temperature I would assume that it is not a good idea.
Yes, it certainly can be used on air dried clay. It will adhere nicely and dry the same color as is on the tube. HOWEVER, if it is exposed to moisture, say placed in a steamy bathroom, or the item is washed it will bubble and peel off because it doesn't get absorbed into the clay rather adheres to the surface of the clay. Hope this answers your question. :)
No there is not.
Yup
10 mil or 0.34US fl oz
The one I have is Class 2 Transformer - Model: SH-DC060300 INPUT: 120V AC 60 Hz OUTPUT: 6V DC 300mA
I wouldn't use them for that. At first they were great.....but broke after about a month. Spend the extra money for a better pair.
No but I use my electric knife to cut foam rubber.
I'm not sure. The most I've cut through is four layers and had no problem.
I have not used on card board
Very good question...I don't know..hadn't thought much about that. I am having a hard time using the scissors.
They are sold by the pair.
Yes. I ordered this and it is two tan colored boot zippers. The material has a suede-like finish. The zipper is very good. I use it on my daily wear work boots and absolutely no issues in the couple of months I have had them.
Personal preference, really. The boots i use these on have 8 eyelets, and they match up pretty well. I have had no issues with these and have had them on for a number of months. They are actually smoother operating than my other boot zips - those are 11 eyelet zips on a 12 eyelet boot. i like the little velcro tab at the top that holds the zip pulls down - they don't click when i walk...
Yes. The quality is more than good enough.
2.25 wide. 7.50 long
These will work with any eight hole boots if a little common sense is included in the project. The length of the laces can be problematic if you have a wide foot and thick ankles. Good product.
One pair of boot laces works just fine. You'll end up with a fair amount left over, as you just knot the ends at the top of the laces.
The spacing of my pair is somewhat irregular, but it varries between 2,3 cm and 2,5 cm. (Sorry about the metric size: for your reference 2,54 cm is 1 inch.)
Made by "Magnum", at least that's the brand name. magnumboots.com
Magnum these work great
The description says 8 sheets that are 8.5 x 11
The side that gets printed and cut on is super smooth. But you can test a little corner and re-stick it down to the backing, whichever side is sticky, thats the one that gets printed and cut. I usually just print and cut on the smooth side. The really cool thing is that if you use the sticker paper setting in Silhouette Studio and adjust the blade as it says, it doesn't cut the backer, so you end up with a really nice sheet of stickers. Hope this helps!
Hi, no, it's not repositionable. It's a pretty sticky material.
No, it's not waterproof and isn't suitable for outdoor use.
Yes I did without any problems!
Yes, but not very well. It's just plain sticker material. Vinyl would stick great, though
The paper is a little thick and got stuck in my printer once (I have a Canon) but before that I've used it many many times and it went through fine with no problems.
no its a mattte finish
This sticker paper is just like any stickers you get. You peel them off the paper. There is no need for transfer paper. I do not know if the transfer paper would work in this case. I've used transfers paper for vinyls before, but I do not see why you would need transfer paper for this sticker paper.
I'm not sure about acid free. The paper did not work very well for me but it may be that I'm still so new to using the Silhoutte.
The printer that they are using is a called a Silhouette --- which basically, instead of housing ink, it houses a small blade that it uses to cut out different shapes --- so without the special printer, you would end up with just sheets of gold foil -- unless of course, you could possibly buy the foil and use handheld punches that could be found at a craft store like Michaels.
I have a Cuttlebug and just tested it, and am sorry to say I did not get great results in the Cuttlebug. The foil is pretty thick, so although it looked beautifully embossed, it did not cut cleanly through all the edges. I didn't try any extra shims, but ran it through forward and backward for that test.
I used inkjet printer and it worked very well
Yes, I think it will work, but make sure that the letter size does not exceed A4 size.
Yes you can!
I haven't ever had that happen. It should not have a layer that peels off, and I would say that is the printable surface. You may want to contact Silhouette Support via email, because they will usually replace defective products. (support at silhouetteamerica dot com)
I'm not sure how thick you want, but this is definitely thicker than a regular sheet of paper. I haven't used mine yet, but it seems like foil coated paper or plastic. Its pretty rigid but bendable/foldable. It's definitely thicker than gold leaf, and is a bit thicker than regular printer paper.
It should I use it in the Silhouette and it works great.
I use this in my Cuttlebug so I would think it's a safe bet that it would world with any die cutting machines.
Never tried.
There were 20 in the package. I've only used a couple so far but good quality and good value for the $. Something I would certainly recommend :)
These are very solid not chintzy bails; I make very heavy glass jewelry and they work fine. I do use a good quality jewelry glue.
Amazing "Household GOOP" is my favorite or E6000. With either one, put small amount on both sides to be glued together and let airdry for about 10 min. Then press together without moving around for about 10 sec. Now let cure for 24 hours.
These are quite large, too big for 1" round or square glass tiles.
I have not tried to glue these to shells. If you have the correct glue it should work. I use Beadalon "Bead Fix". Cut it to shape and after 24 hours it is perament.
Regular Silhouette blade-- there is a setting in Silhouette Studio that will be best for cutting the magnet paper.
Yes it would! However, it really is not strong enough to hold several papers behind it. The magnet sheets are very easy to cut with a pair of scissors or by using a cutting machine (but it is not necessary).
I don't print directly on adhesive magnet... I usually use a adhesive photo paper. Silhouette cut them with a magnet configuration.
No, not at all.
Yes, but it may not be visible
You can cut this with regular scissors. Also with an exacto knife, paper cutter--I don't know what a silhouette machine is. You would need a good pair of scissors, like you would use for sewing.
yes they will stick together. When you make the doll clothes just turn them around so that black to black side are together.
No, it is basically a thin sheet of magnet with a sticky back. You can print your picture on photo paper and then adhere it to the magnet. Then your photo will be magnetic. It is made thin enough to be cut by a die cutting machine to use for other projects.
About 1/16th of an inch. It is thin but strong enough. I have made refridgerator magnets that stay in place and hold notes and photos very well. It cuts easily and with good detail on the Silhouette.
Yes
I don't know, I've never done it. It sounds like a great idea. I looked on the glitter container itself and there is no mention of what it's made out of and I only have the containers. I didn't find anything at their website, but Walmart.com had a question/answer section and it asked if you could use the glitter on fabrics, which is the kind that you can heat from what little I understand, lol. And the very vague answer that was given was "This can be used on any craft product." Also found this older glitter how to... http://www.beadsandbeading.com/blog/glitter-how-to-polymer-clay-supplies-for-bead-and-jewelry-making/494/ Hopefully others will have your info.
Hi there Amanda, well, I researched your question on Wiki, lots of history on where glitter came from, what it is used in and some of it is even made from plastic, however, on American Crafts.com you can research info there, for instance, their glitter glue is non toxic, nothing is mentioned regarding this particular glitter you are asking about. So my answer is I do not know. I would probably ask this question of the company before purchasing. I love this glitter, very fine and lovely effects on paper etc, so little is actually used I am not worried about it myself, my opinion. Good luck! I hope this helped a little. Regards, Kat
Not sure what a bath bomb is or why you want glitter in your bath, but the glitter is very fine. Really beautiful glitter.
Funny-I was holding my glitter when this question popped up on my tablet. Yes, I think this glitter is very sparkly and it's very fine. I think you will be happy with it.
Yes. There are two lift up tabs on the lids. One is for pouring, and the other has little holes for shaking. This is very, very fine glitter.
My guess would be probably not. This glitter is very, very fine, and I don't know if you would get the effect you want. It might look more like a solid color. It is sooooo fine that it is difficult to get off areas you don't want it. I only work on it when I can take my craft work outside because I don't want the fine glitter all over everywhere. It's beautiful on handmade cards however!
There are .34oz each color.
I don't know what kind of metal they are made of, but they're a nice gold color and work well as jump rings.
Yes the y hold wall. There are some that are thiicker than others and hold more weight
Not sure how many there are but there is a good quantity for each size.
Its not HUGE but its around medium size tub. you can scult a head hands free, but you have to heat it up. it comes in a tub and right out of the box it is hard but not dried out hard, just hard. microwave for 20 seconds and it will be moldable like air dry clay. leaving it out will just get hard like before, a little heat will soften it up again. yes it is brown.
No it has to be warmed up. Go on YouTube plenty of instructional videos.
Plastilina stays very very soft and can be difficult when casting with plaster because of the heat it generates while drying. This modeling clay is much harder to start with but can be softened in the oven which I personally really like. Also if you are making something which will be two or more molds, I would recommend the monster clay as the plastilina is just too soft.
it doesn't really "dry" when it's cool or cold it takes on the consistency of wax almost like a candle. You can still dent it with a finger nail or a good push. When its warm its slightly tougher than taffy. To use as a guide you may have to use it as a master to recast a resin replica then it would probably be ok to use as a guide. I think if you used a router against it, the router would probably just dig into it too much..
I found that if you are not careful when using it, reused clay may have particulates but only the ones you have introduced yourself...other wise it is very smooth...you can even get a decent polish on the surface.
The dimensions of the tub are 8.3 x 6.2 x 4 inches. If memory serves, you can get the volume by multiplying the 3 sides (the tub is a rough approximation of a cube), which is 205.84 cubic inches of clay. Hope that helps.
I don't understand your question, but here's the process. You sculpt a toy out of monster clay, then you buy silicone rubber for molding, THEN you use plastic resin to make toys out of the silicone rubber MOLDS.
I've successfully molded Monster Clay with Smooth On platinum silicones (specifically Mold Star 16 Fast). Because it's not a sulfur based clay you should be fine to mold it with pretty much any kind of silicone, though. Hope that helps!
I actually don't use it for pouring into mold type of work, but I have seeing and read people do this to make lifecast "masks" out of molds. Maybe this tutorial might be of help: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLD3uA9UEOM
Yeah, there should be plenty if you are doing just the face. Not sure there would be enough to do a whole head, though. https://www.facebook.com/reeveart
when i got the set, i tried to lay in a sky mass with the golden leaf 1 1/2 " brush and it left a lot of loose hairs on the painting,,,but this was brand new,,,haven't used it enough to see if it would stop shedding,,,,,,it may be best for foliage, etc. rather than open sky areas. all the other brushes are great for landscapes.
You can view his Brush Tutorials at terryharrisonart.com to see how Terry uses each of these brushes. Great tutorials there.
These are stiffer brushes , I used with acrylics and worked fine. But just search under acrylic paint brush sets
Yes, the watercolor brushes do have his name on them, as well as the specific brush name, i.e.; TERRY HARRISON GOLDEN LEAF, or TERRY HARRISON FAN GOGH... and they are that mauve color shown in the photos.
It is a short handled brush. I like it. It really does make nice foliage!
Good morning, this set includes: Fan Gogh, Fan Stippler, Golden Wizard, Foliage, Golden Leaf. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to ask the Society for All Artists.
I ordered these for my husband, but I do not understand the question.
This doesn't. I have twins too. My son thinks it's good fun to stand on one side and hasn't tipped it yet but I don't let him stay too long
It holds others as well :)
No
No problems...was easy to put together.
Yes, it comes brand new in box.
My son is 2.5 and 36 inches. So it's perffct for him but I want to say my daughter is only 26 inches and although she doesn't like it i think it's appropriate for her too
Not easy to fold up at all...Still stand in the bedroom
Crayola chalk works great. My 3 year old son finds it easier to hold thick sidewalk chalk. And EXPO white board markers are also very thick and easy to clean. :) Hope that helps!
Even though it SAYS two, it only comes with one. I haven't tried to move it from side to side yet.
8
sorry I don't know I just took the info out of my book. I would call brother and ask them They probably know or call the sales department of a supplier of thread. You an always buy from Amazon to get the best price
I've used them on my s e-425 and they work perfectly!! I'm not familiar with the pe-500
I cannot tell you for sure whether these are 90wt or not. What I can tell you, is my machine is a very finicky Brother that would only allow me to use 90wt thread. I decided to order these just to see if my machine would accept prewounds. To my surprise, I have had no problems with these bobbins. I hope I have been somewhat helpful.
They are designed for use with embroidery machines. But I have used on my sewing machine too.
40wt
I'm sorry I used the larger hooks size c-j and I absolutely love them. In fact I wish they came in larger sizes. I haven't been crocheting with hooks this small but I imagine they would be great. I know I would have trouble with those super skinny hooks. You can make the picture larger and look up sizes of crochet hooks. Since I started using the Clover hooks I cannot use other kinds of hooks. I got my set for $32 I would have a problem spending more. Seperately the larger ones go for around $7 a piece. I started a blanket the other day and tried to use the bamboo h hook. It felt very uncomfortable and I was glad to go back to the Clover. But I lose hooks all the time So I always have to buy extras. In conclusion If you like these size Steel hooks I would definately buy them. I'd love to hear if you like them
I am not home right now. I can tell you that they are appropriate for iris crochet
Its been a while since I ordered these. They are awesome! I can't exactly say what sizes are in the set since I bought so many and they are mixed now. Please, know that they are not exactly consistent with other needle sizes. I think that is the norm from brand to brand though. They are great needles and very comfortable to use for long periods of time. I use size charts as "suggestions" then pick which needle give me what I want for the yarn I am using.
0,5mm; 0,6mm; 0,75mm; 0,9mm; 1,0mm; 1.25mm; 1,5mm; 1,75mm.
Hi it is acrylic and polyester.
The fabric is 160cm (63 inches) wide so 1yard by 63 inches for $27. Quite generous really.
The coloured spikes about 2 & a half inches. the black underfur is nearly an inch
This would be a toddler size 5, I would guess your child would be smaller in size at the age of 15 months, not knowing your childs height or weight I could only guess that the size you will be interested in would be more in the area of the 24 - 36 month model.
It is adjustable, but the max height is 36 inches. Hope this helps!
Yes
The ones I purchased were about 2 feet tall.
Manzanitashop branches are 100% natural and completely free of chemicals like herbicides and pesticides. These branches are not sandblasted so I recommend soaking them in water before use in an aquarium. You may want to research this procedure to get more specific advise before purchasing.
Yes but I would think you would have to cut them in half they are big
It was a fairly large box. As close as I can remember it was approximately 20" x 20" x 30h".
At this point it is not possible for me personally. My apology.
Yes I do but I would have to figure out some way to ship them, and a price for them. How many do you need?
They are only sold in a two pack. Other companies sell individually, but you pay just about the same price. If your only buying one to see if they are nice enough (like I originally wanted to do) These are VERY nice. I actually came back a bought more,
Hi, please contact Manzanitashop directly for a price quote. Thank you!
It comes with 2 individual trees. They are beautiful quality, what I got. You shoiuld be very happy!
To my knowledge they do not rot. I have had mine since September and it looks like the day it arrived. Hope this helps.
No, but it has a long neck, wonderful for quilting, etc... It is a great machine. I sew every night after work. I sew all kinds of things, crafts, baby blankets, quilts. It has worked well with everything I have done. I will tell you this, if my house was on fire and I had to grab something, it would be this machine. I am totally in love with it. Also, very easy to use.
Not sure about the top-stitch, although it's advertised to be used for quilting. As for the memory chips/USB, I don't believe it has that feature.
135 stiches 2 modes yes to fonts
Definitely does buttonholes - comes with a nifty attachment that you put the button in to determine the correct size of the buttonhole. And yes, you can sew on buttons with this machine.
You can definitely do queen size. I haven't tried, but I suspect you could even manage a king size. This is a great machine!
nope, no warrenty from this seller
Yes, the machine came with an instruction book. I also found it online.
Yes, it has a foot pedal.
Janome MC 7700 we have it on special.If you need anything else please feel free to call 800-487-7397. Thanks Sammy
Grandma Vic, More stitches, more feet, more comes with it. Thank you,
it is white
If these are for Dark Clothing you print just like you would for a regular document and peel the backing off and press on to the garment, if for light clothing, print reverse and iron the printed on side down...But I was not happy with this product, the transform down not stay on the garment when washed and the transform does not hold the ink when washed.
You have to reverse the letters on your design using a function in Microsoft Word.
You would have to use them on a dark colored shirt
You can wash them but just know that the more you wash the more if will wear, they do have instructions on how to care for them
Its always good to have a calibration weight just in case its jarred or dropped during shipping, as this will throw the calibration way off. Or if you want, use an american dollar bill or a jefferson nickel as these will weigh 1.0 and 0.5 respectively. I own one of these, bought it about 5 months ago. Its a lot smaller than it looks but the calibration was dead on accurate despite its cheap price and small size.
1st you must have a standard 100g weight. You cannot do it without it. Turn on scale, wait for 0.00 Then hold down the ON button until it reads 0. It will then flash 100.00, meaning that it wants the 100g weight. Put it on a flat stable surface, then place the weight on it and wait until it stops flashing. Done!
Push the mode button u will see the small g pop up in the corner
Yes, it will cut through, as long as you take into account: 1) You have to have the hand strength to compress the punch to cut through a thicker material. If you can't squeeze the punch hard enough, the blades can't do the work. 2) The blades will be initially sharp enough, but will dull a tiny bit with each use. To sharpen the blades, cut through a very fine sandpaper a few times. You will feel the difference. 3) If the contact paper has a sticky adhesive, it will get on the blades and you will need to stop and clean them. You could try one of the label removing solvents, like Glue Gone, on a cotton ball or rag.
Yes, you can. When you use it, the under side will be your top side, where there is a window/punching hole with which you can see what you are punching. When storing, you lock it and it looks like the photo.
Just tried - sorry, it didn't work.
Sorry, but no. I pushed the paper all the way in and it's under an inch from the edge of the paper to the edge of the circle.
If you don't put the paper in all the way you can make it cut half circles. I like to use the punch upside down so I can see what/how much I am pinching out. Hope this helps.
Thank you for your interest in this punch. This punch will punch a 1 1/4" diameter so you would have to measure the bottle cap to see if it would work for you. As for the magnet crafts that would also depend on the size you are wanting to cover.
I love this punch; however I have not had success in punching through craft foam. The product is a little too thick to fit into the punch.
It cuts regular cardstock easily (about 65 lb paper). Is that what you meant? The kind used for card-making and scrapbooking? If that's what you meant,no problem! And if it starts to get "dull", but fold over some tin foil and punch a few circles; it should sharpen it up again.
It would depend on how thick. My guess would be not very well.
Hi There, This question had me curious, so I just tried it, and it works. Parchment paper is a little more fibrous than scrapbook paper, so it's best to use a quick snap-like punching motion to get a nice clean circle punch out, worked great for me. Hope you find this information helpful. September ~ AlteredAttic ;-)
I think this size would be sufficient. I used it to make cupcake toppers and was able to fit a legible font (16) of Happy Birthday, Isabel! (in 3 rows of course). But if you want it to cover the majority of lid surface space I would probably go larger (especially if using a wide mouth jar).
I can't imagine why it wouldn't.
Yes, I'm fairly sure it would, maybe more than one.
I have used it on 110 lb paper with ease, even when I doubled up the sheets.
I have only tried one at a time, but it was a very heavy paper and it cut really good!
I think it will.
No I don't think so. I have not tried it of course but I'm confident it's not sharp enough for that kind of cutting. Thick paper is fine.
No. I have not had success using it to cut stickers with a plastic coating or to cut plastic lighting materials.
I wouldn't think so
Yes, you can see the image and where you position the circle, by turning it over. Then you can place it just where you need it. I love mine. It is a great punch.
I have the 1/4 in and it does punch through but not well. It's most likely because the hole is too small.
Yes, it's the diameter.
Mine was a smooth circle.
From the edge of the paper to the beginning of the circle is 7/16" of an inch.
The one I received in June was not scalloped, just a plain circle. All the other sizes listed under this item say they are a plain circle, I don't know why only the 1/2" description now says scalloped. I don't remember it saying scalloped when I ordered it.
The punch I have is a circle, not scalloped. They come is various sizes
Scalloped edge - not a smooth circle but has little half circles all the way around - decoratice.
If it thicker than 3 to 4 sheets of paper, then it proably will not do a good job.
Yes
I love these punches because you can flip them upside down to center printed words on paper or stamp art. You simply turn the punch with the opening pointing up, insert the paper, center your image or place in the right location and punch. It's that simple. I know you will love using it.
Well, I just happened to have my punch and some scrap felt here, so I tried it. The answer is no, it will not go through felt at all. The felt lodged up in the punch and it took me nearly five minutes to rip it all out. I thought I'd broken the punch for a minute there.
I have only used the 1/2 inch punch and it only reaches about an inch or so into the sheet. I assume the 3/8 inch punch is larger, but it only reaches as far as the end of the punch, which looks to be about 2 or so inches. I hope that helps.
Thank you for your interest in this item. This punch would not work well with foam tape.
Thank you for your question. Sandpaper is similar to a card stock so as long it is not coated with something there should be no problem with this going through it.
Mine works very well on 1-4 sheets of regular 20 or 24# bond (copy paper). After that the cut isn't precise and the edges aren't crisp. I don't imaging it would cut poster board at all. Good Luck.
You would have to center it by yourself
You turn it over and work using the bottom you can clearly see what you're punching and line it up perfectly
This tool is all you need...and it works great!!!
Shouldn't be a problem. But just thinking of your project makes my thumb ache.
I just tried it and it cuts it easily.
About an inch and a quarter
I don't quilt, so I don't know how to answer you.
I would call an authorized repair center and ask them how it should be handled before packing it up and taking it in.
Yes ! !
You can adjust the left/right needle position (details are on page 21 of the manual). I've not found any information on adjusting the presser foot pressure.
it does have a free arm and the throat size is a standard size.
I make 200-300 headbands at a time out of 12 and 13 ounce baby rib knit. I also sew lace of all types on tutus. I make hundreds of keyfobs where I sew grosgrain ribbon to 1.25 inch wide x 2.5mm thick heavy duty cotton webbing/belt material. I hope this helps you.
Hi Yes it does. If you have any further questions feel free to call us toll free at 800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. Thanks, Scott
No, just a little blade fixed on the left side of the machine that you can manually pass the threads over.
Yes
When the needle is in the default start-up position, I measure approximately 6.5 inches from the needle to the right side of the casing and approx 4.75 inches from the opening top to bottom.
Janome gives a limited 25 year warranty but you will need to message the seller to find out what they cover.
Sorry - the machine does not have that feature.
Hi Cathy, these are the accessories that are included: Included Accessories Set of Needles Blind Hem Foot Hemmer Foot Overedge Foot Zipper Foot Zigzag Foot Even Feed Foot Satin Stitch Foot Cording Foot Overcasting Foot Basting Foot Automatic Buttonhole Foot Free motion quilting and darning foot Screwdriver Lint Brush Bobbins Seam Ripper Large/Small Spool Holder Additional Spool Pin Felt Spool Base Twin needle Additional spool pin Quilt guide bar Large and small spool caps with spool stand Screwdriver Seam ripper Power cord with Foot Control Instruction Manual Instructional DVD Video Hard Protective Case Cover
I use my Sizzix Big shot. but I believe it is compatible with other systems. You would need some sort of die cut machine.
The largest feather is about 5 1/2 inches. This is a really nice set. The stamps stamp beautifully and clean up very well too. I LOVE feather stamps. This set is a winner!
No- you need something like a cuttlebug or big shot die cutter.
It will cut wool blend felt but the littler ones don't come out perfectly clean. It's not sharp enough to cut craft felt.
They range from 1 1/4 to 3 3/4
You set each step. You use one of the dials, you turn it to 1 and it stitches across the top, turn it to 2 and it stitches one of the sides, turn it to 3 it stitches the other side, turn it to 4 and it stitches across the bottom.
Hi Gayle, The warranty is 5 years on the electronic parts and 1 year on labor
It Weighs about 20 pounds
Yes
Yes, this machine does have a free arm. The base pulls off on the end by the needle and the removable part is also a container for extra bobbins.
You might find something on YouTube.
Consumer Report, The machine comes with a Foot Control, to run the machine, if that is what you mean by foot pad. Thank you,
This is a free arm slight slope. I do have flat bed if interested phoneme. Thakns Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
No, it doesn't.
With out taking it apart, all research says only the case is plastic. I have used for heavy duty sewing of canvas for over a year now with no problems.
Made in Taiwan.....and made well.
I have 3 different machines... This motor just feels stronger. All of the feet that came with this machine are metal and fit tight.... Not like any of my other machines. I can sew through 10 layers of jean fabric and go straight into 2 layers of silk without missing a stitch! :) I love it!!!
There is no mention of using a double pointed needle in the instruction book of this machine. There is both a ZigZag Width control from zero to 6.5mm with zigzag and a Stitch Length control of Zero to 4mm.
YES IT DOES
No, it is not. It only works with 110v. However, there is a different version of this exact same sewing machine that is 220v compatible. It is called the MW3018LE. I emailed Janome about it, and they confirm that it is the same machine (other than the voltage difference).
yes, it's noisy. Mine started growling at me and I discovered that I needed to oil the bobbin case. I took the plate off, lifted out the black bobbin case, turned it over and oiled the edge where it makes contact with metal (that would be the top of the bobbin case) Oil it lightly and wipe off excess oil. I sew many hours so I have to oil it about once a week. Hope this helps. Also, it's a mechanical machine rather than electronic so it will be a bit noisier.
If you look at the Amazon page and scroll down, you will see "Product Details." This has a list of the items that are included, like buttonhole foot, hammer foot, zipper foot, quilting foot, screwdriver, seam ripper, bobbins, needles, etc. it really has everything you would need plus the bonus package has additional needles and bobbins. It's a great deal!
Mine came with one.
I don't know what u r planning to sew. I wanted to sew leather & I bought HD machine. It works great & I love it. I do sew fabric too but I bought it to sew leather & it was perfect for my projects.
ALOT.. I didn't count them but would say at least 20 no more than 50
Hello, these 12" long and 3/16" in diameter
the dowels are 12 inches long
They seem to be thicker than what I remember of typical military dog tags. I have no way to measure a precise thickness. But if you're thinking of stamping/punching the tags with a letter/number punch set, I won't say it doesn't work, but I wasn't exactly impressed with the results. They seem to be very sturdy, and hold up reasonably well to use and abuse from children.
Yes I bought them and they did work
I believe so I had very good experience with this product I will order from them again the company satisfies the customers request
Hi, You can order by this order page as they are at the same price. But please ensure to send us an message by Amazon Message System for the tags you prefer. Thank you! Amazon Seller: DogCollars
Hi, Yes, we carry anodized aluminum military dog tags in Black, Blue, Green, Gold, Pink, Purple, Red, and Silver. If you prefer colored aluminum dog tags instead of stainless steel ones, you may email us after placing an order. Thank you! Amazon Seller: DogCollars
I'm not sure what you mean?
Dura-Lar Clear will not generally take inkjet printer ink very well. It can bead up and smear very easily, as this is a slick, non-porous surface. Grafix does make Computer Film, which will take inkjet prints very well, and this would be more apt to produce a better end product when transferring with hand sanitizer.
Unfortunately, the Grafix Dura-Lar Clear film is not compatible with inkjet ink. While you can run it through the printer, the ink will bead up and/or smear on the film. In order to run in through the printer you will need to get the Grafix Computer Film. However, this product is not FDA approved for food because of the coating. You may need to look for a baking or cooking specific product for this application. Thank you.
Yes, it is the thickness. The .003 is the thinnest.
Basically the pitcher acts as a double boiler. You can use a smaller pot instead, but the pitcher makes it easier and cleaner as it has the pouring spout and a handle (that doesn't seem to get hot either, so far). You fill a larger pot about 1/2 way with water, place it on a stove burner (or whatever heating element you choose), and the put the pitcher inside the pot with water, slowly melting the wax (stir frequently). I use approx med-hi heat to start and then adjust up or down accordingly. Then you just pour from the pitcher into your decided containers and there ya go. Hope that helps. :)
I have not used a hot plate, but it should work just fine. I've melted wax with the pitcher directly on the stove (I have the smooth surface, glass-top burners) and have had no problems. You are only heating to 150-180 degrees (water boils at 212) and that does not require a lot of source heat to accomplish. Just keep the element temp on a low setting (3-4 on a 10 scale) and be patient with a watchful eye.
I just use paper towels to clean up the pitcher. I do make sure it's not too hot. So be careful!
I've been using mine for quite sometime now and haven't noticed anything melting off .... weird !
The handle is able to withstand low to medium heat. However, to be safe you can remove the handle to avoid having any issues before placing it in the oven. It's very easy to remove the screw and then replace. This is a very nice pitcher.
No, no no no. It would ignite.
CS says not to use soap and water to clean out their pitchers as they will rust. Instead use rubbing alcohol in a spray bottle while the wax is still in a semi-liquid state and use paper towels to wipe out the excess wax.
The metal on the pitcher is too thin to place directly on the burner. Plus, it's dangerous to directly heat the wax because it can catch fire at a relatively low temperature.
Yes if you want. ...
Our candle tins are food safe for dry goods.
6 oz. the large tin is 8 oz
These are made of steel and coated on both sides.
I don't see why not....they are great tins
I use the #2 square braid cotton wick with beeswax. Good luck!
You'd do better on the top. Side can fit 1" tall label
exactly what it says. 2.6 x 2.6 x 1.8 inches . for the top (for putting on a label), 2.5 inch circle label fits perfectly.
Yes it is magnetic.
6 oz
they are regular mouth jars
12 jars with lids.
Details: Height: 3.75" Diameter: 2.75" http://www.candlescience.com/containers/8oz-jelly-jar/
I don't know if their safe for canning. I didn't use them for canning.
I have not tried them in gel candles, but I don't see why not. Just be sure to use more than called for.
Yes, essential oils added to paraffin oil can add a very pleasant fragrance to the burning. Use between 10 and 25 drops to start depending upon the size of the reservoir and add or subtract depending upon the effect. A little goes a long way. Have fun experimenting.
I used 1oz per 1lb. of wax. Which is the normal amount for candlemaking. These oils suck. I will never buy scent from this company again. I only used 2 out of 4 of the pack because I didn't want to waste anymore jars, wicks,wax...
I have no idea if they can be used for that application, sorry!
Yes.
There is one ounce per bottle.
Never tried it in that application before, so I do not know. I have heard of some ppl using it in ceramic fragrance rings above lightbulbs though. Not sure if that works either. Wish I could help more, but haven't tried it myself.
I use them that way and have never had a problem! They leave a little more residue than traditional wax for burners though. But it's easy enough to clean when changing scents.
I used it in some lotion bars I made..however it was too strong...I recommend using the scented body oils for potions and soaps...
Of course, I use a mixture- have done coconut wax, paraffin , etc.
Yep! I would say so, no grease, leaves no residue, very soft wax, never used it this way just own mushroom culture, get it all over hands thick, wipes right off and leaves hands much cleaner after wards
I sent an e-mail to CandleScience support, and they told me it is GB464 wax. You can find more information (pour temps, FO max load, etc.) on their website.
This is GB 464 wax. I don't know what the word "FROST" means in your question, since "464 FROST" is not a type of wax they sell. (If you're asking whether the wax experiences frosting, like most soy wax, it can. I don't find it too extreme and it probably depends a lot on the ambient temperature, your dye, and the container.)
I e-mailed CandleScience support a while back, and they told me this is Golden Brands 464 wax.
1lb melted will make 3 half pint sized jars/candles.
yes, go to candlescience under Arts, Crafts, and Sewing
5 pounds. You get (5) one pound bags.
Currently we are unable to ship internationally. We are looking into it!
I made citronella candles with this material in 16 oz tin cans. The cure time for those candles was 48 hours.
This wax is unscented I used essential oil from sprouts to make it sented.
2" tall 3 1/8" diameter. The lid does not add any extra height to the tin.
Yes I get these all the time, There is 12 tins and 12 lids, they are for 8oz Candles!
I think they would be perfect for that purpose. The covers fit fairly snug so it will probably be air tight
I hadn't tried. With normal use through the creation of one candle the tin looks same as they did when I purchased them. I'll be reusing them so I might know if that changes with more time.
Depends on what you use them for, the smaller ones for spices are good.
"Tins" pretty well describes them, really steel pressed into shape. Nice fitting, but tight for spice containers as we do.
I bought the "chalkboard" labels for wide mouth jars, and they fit perfect.
Yes, the lids come with the container.
I can't say for certain, but I've been storing spices in them for the past few months and have had no issues with them. I just washed them throughly when they arrived.
They aren't flexible at all - I can't imagine popping anything out of them. I made candles in a few and put sugar scrub in others. It's easy enough to get the scrub out, but by scooping it.
No.
Yes, but they tarnish slightly when you wash them.
I never noticed any coating. Mine don't appear to have any coating.
The paints may still react with the metal.
Absolutely
the 2" labels cover the whole top perfectly, that's what i use
yes it will hold tea bags. not sure how many. 10+ maybe?
don't know. i used these for salve not candles. sorry.
I would think so. I would not store liquid in these but any kind of dried spices, tea leaves, etc. should work very well. these are a very good price. i have looked around a lot on the internet and use these for storing my homemade salve.
No, organic soy wax currently is not available.
Yes. Although tops sink a little and are not to smooth when dried.
I was able to make 2 small and 2 medium sized mason jars with the wax in this bag!
Sorry. No idea.
No scent, smells like straight wax.i would definitely recommend the candle science scents to use with it
Hi Infinity, although our Soy Wax is All Natural, it has not been tested for cosmetic purposes.
I sent an e-mail to CandleScience support, and they informed me that it is the GB464 wax. You can find more information about it on their website, including recommended pour temps and FO load.
For my emergency candles i chose the medium wicks. I use half pint wide mouth jars which are 8 ounces. I use unscented soy wax which should burn 40 to50 hours. For a pint jar i think either would be ok, but I would probably use a medium. A large wick could burn too fast and just use your candle up quicker.
You initially lit the wick when it was too close to the wax.... Next time don't put as much wax.... Make sure the wick is about 1/2 inch I believe above the wax when you light it.
They are 6 inches long, as stated in the description.
Yes. Some of them are bent and cracked a little bit too.
I see no reason why they would not! The only problem is keeping the wick centered. I am using sticky tacks to keep the wicks attached to the bottom of the glass. Sometimes the wick will 'un-stick' when pouring the wax into the glass. Also keep the wicks in a cool dry place! They seem to absorb moisture.
Hello MotherofAnAngel, I use these wicks in my soy candles in 6oz-8oz mason jars and they are perfect ... I get a nice even burn and it's the best one I have found so far. I use Eco-Soya CB Xcel - soy wax. Hope this helps!
I only used one wick and it didn't smoke when burned.
I'm sorry I don't understand your question. O D?
They are approximately 6 1/4 inches long. Perfect for a 6" pillar candle.
50, as stated in the description.
The colors are concentrated. I am using 3 cups of dry soy wax to melt. That makes 2 8OZ candles. One chip makes a very nice blue (for vanilla) color. That formula gives the colors I like. I haven't done yellow or orange, but all the other colors come out very nice in my opinion (and it is worth just what you paid for it).
About one pound, give or Take Half To A Whole Pound Depending On Desired Intensity Of color. I have used up to 3.5 chips in a 1.5 lb batch.
yes it will work for both soy and parrafin wax
It should work fine with most waxes, or a blended parafin/soy. Do a small candle to see beforehand, however, as the mixture of chips to get the desired color intensity might vary with other wax types.
Soy wax
Do you mean mixed with beeswax. You can mix them together if you like. We use it plain, and it's amazing, burns and slowly no odors, clean. We sometimes add colors and natural essential oils.
IIRC, there was blue, brown, red, orange, and green.
Blue red green yellow orange purple brown
No.
It looks identical to the one I have and the description is the same. I don't see anything different. My wife loves hers.
Honestly, I would measure and make a mark on my paper so that I know where to cut. I double checked the measurement and 5-3/4" is exactly where the clear edge of the trimmer folds.
12" +
Actually, the trimmer making a grinding noise is a GOOD thing, as it is the sound of the blade being sharpened as it cuts. Remember, this is a self-sharpening blade, which means that you do not have to keep replacing the blades as they become dull from prolonged use.
the height when folded is 130mm
Yes, it won't work,for fabric this rotary blade would need to cut on a solid surface and it does not.
It obviously depends on the thickness of the material, but I feel the cutter is only good for 3-4 sheets of paper. After that it's too hard to get the blade through. Hope that helps.
The blade is not replaceable, I was told by a Fiskars Rep that if the blade were to dull or become damaged I would have to replace the whole thing. I don't know if the sticks are replaceable or not.
I have not tried to cut anything other than paper.
Yes. I have found that for a clean cut the blade always has to be pushed down. It is rather annoying that the blade always has to be returned to the same position for a clean cut.
They are the same machine.
This should spray chocolate. Depending on thickness. It sprays butter and oils. Not sure what chocolate velor is.
container and 2 nozzles are included. I only use to coat my pans.
Yes. It's adjustable down to a very fine mist.
I just purchased this 2 weeks ago. However, I use it with an egg wash which is quite viscous. I know that you can use it for chocolate as long as it's not too thick. I would imagine that icing would be a little too thick for this sprayer. Hope this helps.
Once you place your order, please send us an email to let us know this will be for a 220V, Thank you
Yes, no problem just make a note on the order that you want this in 220v
122 F
110
There are 2 nozzles. I'm not familiar with the R designation. One nozzle is a round one, the other has a flat opening and sprays in a flat fan type stream. I hope that answers your question.
Yes the height is adjustable. You can also take the body part of the pole completely.
The height can be adjusted and the arms can move but limited movement.
Yes, the height is adjustable.
no
Only the height and arms are adjustable. Thank you!
Yes it would be !
You can straighten the arms. It's like wire under some foam. I have been able to pin to the form easily. The actual body feels like styrofoam under the material.
Well ... maybe, I mean, the pole that connects the display to the base is in the bottom of the displays left leg. I suppose if you ran the pole up through the pants leg, then it might work.
Normally we don't, because most of our items are oversize packages.
Hi, Susanna! It depends on which sewing table you own...Arrow makes 3 different inserts...which table do you have?
Every one is custommade so they will have it
Yes. These are custom made for your sewing machine. Simply place the order, and e-mail us with your order number and sewing machine type.
I had one made for my table and think it is a Gidget 1 table, it has the lift function in it. My machine has an open arm so I need lift, and I had the Arrow insert made. You just give them your sewing machine make and model and they customize the insert to fit. Unfortunately I have not been able to set up my machine, table or use the insert yet but I did this with my other machine and sewing cabinet and it works great.
My machine has a knee lift, too and the insert doesn't interfere with it at all.
go to the Arrow Cabinets website where you can read: Bernina * Series 7 - 780, 750 QE, 710 The machines will fit the opening and platform of the cabinet but the height of the machine does not allow the top right leaf to close completely when the machine is in storage position. I have a 750 in a Gidget 2 Cabinet. I have not yet replaced the insert because I like the slide-on Bernina tray.
Yes
I bought the Cabinet for my Viking sewing machine. I don't know about your Janome but I bet if you contacted the manufacturer they could tell you.
Hi, Roseanne. You would have to order separate inserts for each of your machines. To order an insert, please go to:
I am sure the answer is yes, however I wonder if there is something unique about the ink in this as I can block my address on slick magazines...most ink doesn't do that job.
It is more than adequate for personal use to cover up ID information on mail items etc. Just know that it works.
I don't sell this item.....I only did a review on it. Sorry
Some are larger, I got the green one, its small. Does the job, but the Guard your ID Stamper is the Best!
I do not think so. I checked and could find no apparent way to reink.
I did not try the regular but was not at all happy with the coverage by the advanced. I don't recommend.
One per package. Not sold in pairs.
The two types of packs are for making two different things. Image packs are for making "rubber" stamps. Embossing packs are for making embossing plates to use with your die cutting machine (if you have a Cuttlebug or similar die cutting machine). You only need both types of packs if you want to make both things. The main film most people use is inkjet film. (It has to be Teresa Collins Stampmaker inkjet film. Other brands of inkjet films are not the same thing, so they won't work.) The reverse film is totally optional. Normally, you just print your negative directly from the computer onto the inkjet film, and that's all you need to make stamps. When you print your negative, you have to reverse all your blacks and whites in the image. If for some reason you can't reverse the blacks and whites, then that is when you could choose to use the reverse film. I've never used it myself, but I just read about it. I believe reverse film is used after printing a POSITIVE (not a negative) with the regular inkjet film - you place the positive over the reverse film and expose it to light. The reverse film will darken in all the areas that receive light, thus creating a negative from your positive film. You can also use reverse film with die cut paper shapes or dried flowers, etc. to make a negative - no computer required. Anyway, hope that helps. I've only been using my TC Stampmaker since last spring, but it's awesome. You really can make store-quality stamps with it. It took me two tries to get the hang of it though - I wasted a couple of imagepacs. Have fun!
There are different versions of the kit, and the most recent version has slightly changed what is included. All of the kits contain everything you need (except for the computer, inkjet printer, sink, and dish soap) to make rubber stamps in two different sizes. All versions of the kit contain a UV light "oven" with UV bulbs, a magnetic clamp that holds everything in place while it's being exposed in the oven, a clamp insert that is used to hold the smaller size stamps within the clamp, a water tray that also fits in the oven (used during the stamp's final exposure), a scrubbing brush and rubber gloves for washing out the uncured portions of photopolymer gel from the stamp, some sheets of film for printing negatives (two sheets in the old kit and I believe four sheets in the new kit), a really nice acrylic block and a cling sheet that are used for temporarily mounting your finished stamps whenever you want to stamp with them, an easy-to-follow instruction booklet that contains photos of every step of the process, a bunch of pre-printed negatives with Teresa Collins artwork on them, software that helps you design stamps on the computer (I prefer to use my own graphics software though), and a starter set of photopolymer pacs (old kit contained four "medium" stamp pacs, four "small" stamp pacs, four pacs for making your own embossing folders, and four pacs for making stencils. I believe the new kit does not include the embossing and stencil pacs, and it may contain more stamp pacs.) You may waste one or two photopolymer pacs before you get the hang of it, but you'll have enough supplies to successfully complete a number of stamps. Tips: Store your image pacs in a very dark location - even trace amounts of light will slowly harden the gel into a solid rubbery block. I made myself a special light-proof box lined in black duct tape with no holes. Be very gentle during the scrubbing-out phase. "Scrubbing" is too strong a word - it's more of a gentle swishing or tapping with the brush. Always hold the stamp under water while scrubbing to help the uncured stuff float away. I do the scrubbing phase in a dark windowless bathroom using only an LED nightlight to see with. It allows me to take my time scrubbing without risking any light prematurely hardening the goo. I can turn on the light for a few seconds whenever I want to check and see how clean the stamp looks. Don't wear the rubber gloves unless you have to because you'll need your sense of touch to feel if there is more goo that needs to be removed. If you find that you keep destroying the image during scrubbing even when you're gentle, try adding more exposure time in the oven to harden the lines a bit more. As long as your negatives are nice and black, you can add quite a bit of exposure time to what is recommended in the book. Don't be afraid of the learning curve - it's worth it. This is the neatest paper crafting tool I've ever bought. Once you get the hang of it, you can make stamps that are just as good as the clear stamps you would buy at a craft store, but yours are personalized! Have fun!
Something like 5 x 7
Some come in the box already to go but I think she had some at her website as well.
at amazon or at teresa collins website. Cost varies. There should be a booklet in the box where it tells also where to buy refills as I believe.
Why are you asking? It's not listed for sale or anything? How did you know I had it?
The time on the directions doesn't work for me either. Does part the crown image wash away when you scrub the gel off under water? If so, then you need more time under the lamp for the first side. I would do 20 seconds instead of 6 and then probably 85 on the back side. Let me know if that works for you. I had to practice a lot to get the right formula and write down everything so you can remember what works.
This machine has a 7" throat and does have a drop in bobbin,I absolutely love this machine.
It comes with the buttonhole foot, zipper foot, spool pin, blindstitch pressure foot, overcasting foot, quilting attachment, 3 plastic bobbins, screw driver, quilt guide, manual buttonhole foot, seam ripper, small, med and lg spool caps, needle pack, & foot pedal. Thanks, Oren
It has a metal chassis and a plastic exterior
I think the feet from the industial machine are different than the ones on this machine. This machine is more home style use. I do not know the difference between the Juki HZL-G110 and the Juki HZL-F300. Take a look at each of their specification pages. That should give you some idea of the differences. There may not be much difference at all.
Its a low shank machine that comes with a variety of presser feet for most sewing needs.
The factory warranty is 5 Years Mechanical, 2 Years Electrical, and 90 Days Labor. We have a full service department that can take care of any issue that may arise. Juki's are workhorses and will last a long time. Please let me know if you have any questions or comments. Thanks, Oren
Low Shank feet
Very well, it feeds fabric very smoothly and precisely.
I have used it to sew several thickness of outdoor plastic mesh fabric for fence panels with no problem using heavy duty outdoor thread. It was four layers with a layer of interface. It should accommodate 2-3 layers of denim or canvas.
Yes it does. And we do have a quilting foot that is for free motion. The part # is 40052013 and here is a link to it: http://www.shopjoya.com/p-36884-juki-quilting-foot-for-hzl-35z-25z-k65-k85.aspx. Just lower your feed teeth when using this foot.
That won't work. Just a little bit of pressure and the wheel greatly slows down. It's definitely not a strong enough motor to handle a cake. I'm actually a pastry chef, so I have just the right experience to answer your question! I would stick to a hand turned cake stand.
Just on and off, no variations . Is not worth it...the clay they provide is too heavy for it.
Ours never worked ... Sorry but it uses 4 AA batteries or a standard AC Adapter
My 6 year old Grandson and his Mom had fun using this item.
Yes
Yes, it does - but anything works: your finger, a q-tip, a knife... We used our hands more than anything else. It takes a try or two to get the hang of it, but it's easy to learn.
It dries on its own.
It comes with 2 lbs of clay. Not sure where to get more.
Alot of pottery suppliers carry clay that you can fire in your oven...much better than air dry clay that came with the wheel... try Continental Clay in Minneapolis...toll free 1-800-432-clay or 612-3318564....they ship to all 50 states and I have been buying from them since 1975...Connors Pottery on face book...tc
Also available via Amazon - http://amzn.com/B00H1FIT9Q
I'm not sure. They work well on my Brother PE500, that supports a 4" x 4" hoop. I could use the larger hoop, I just can't make my machine accept anymore than a 4" design. I've found Brother products to work well, but be kind of picky (especially with bobbins), but I found these to fit my machine well.
I'm not familiar with the SE425 but I have the SE400 and this works well! You may want to check on the Brother.com website under the sewing/embroidery machines for your particular model number. I've done that with multiple items and that site is very informative.
I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with that machine. I do have a Brother PE 500, and they fit very well with my machine. I also found, they are as good a quality as the hoop that came with the machine. If they fit your machine, I would not hesitate to get them.
2by 1.5 and 4by4 and 4by6 they are worth it and the thread was real nice
I haver used it on Plastic and it seems to be fine
It's just a small little bottle, I used it for sponging. Not sure it would "cover" a table. Spray paint would work better
Hi Martha, I have not used this on outdoor products. I imagine the sun will cause the paint to crack over time.
i dunno. would guess it might peel off easily. also, though the paint is a beautiful color, the rose undertone is very subtle, perhaps much lighter than in the jewelry.
I brushed it on patent leather which is has a plastic coating. As long as the plastic will not be bending (as a shoe would) it does work with a few layers
Haven't used on fabric, only resin sconces. Check manufacturer's website. Good Luck!
For most embroidery work the bobbin thread is not seen. Bobbin thread usually only has to match the top thread when doing free standing lace or edging on in the hoop projects. Sometimes when embroidering on black fabric I will use a black bobbin.
They work great on my quattro
The bobbins are just as good quality as any other bobbins I have bought so don't see why not... I personally wouldn't as I had poor success with self wound bobbins. I have made a lot of projects since buying this box about 8 months ago and have only got through about 8 bobbins so far. Great value.
these fit the Brother machine well and run great.
This does have a shine. Not sure why that would be an issue. I can only say that this thread has worked superbly in a machine that has not worked well with ANY other bobbin threads I have tried-shine/no shine, bobbins I have wound/other brands of pre-wound.
I believe they do. I have used them on 3 different Brother embroidery machines. I really like them.
Yes, I believe so they work for my pe770
Read your manual, these are the equivalent to SA156 or 11.5 size. Better to call Brother customer service and ask them.
I honestly don't know which thread it is... I have spoken to several people who say it really doesn't matter which bobbin thread you use as long as its embroidery thread and the bobbin is the correct one for your machine. I have now used at least 60 of these bobbins with NO trouble at all. I have also used the empty to wind my own thread so that the back color matches when stitching lace, with NO problem! Hope this helps!!
Actually I bought these by accident. If you are interested, I will sell them to you for $20 plus shipping. I don' have a Brother, I have a happy commercial machine. The thread size notations are very confusing because there are a number of different systems for describing thread sizes and I am not sure what is in the Brother manual. This having been said, the bobbin thread used for embroider is usually lighter than the top thread. If you are doing basic embroidery with the threads that are advertised as machine embroidery threads, these bobbins will work just fine for you. ferrar@roadrunner.com
It looks like plastic over a magnet. It definitely snaps in with a magnetic pull. Hangs beautifully.
This item only has one nail hole in the middle -- very difficult to get a quilt to hang level (teeter totter effect). I think an expandable curtain rod with a nail (or holder) on each end would work better.
All you need to do is have a nail in the wall at the center of where you want your quilt to hang. Then you put the metal dowel through the sleeve on the back of your quilt, snap on the little clip to the center of the sleeve, and hang it on the wall. This is a great invention! I have 5 of them.
It is stable in that it does not fall down even when wind is blowing quilt. Yes it moves with the wind or if someone bumped it, but it also settles back into place without adjusting if you put clip in center.
They say on the hang it, dang it website that the rod will hold up to 40 lbs. I have a heavy flannel quilt with lots of wool appliqu hanging over my fireplace on a hang it dang it rod. It works great. Love this method of hanging a quilt more than any other, it is easy and the only thing you see is the beautiful quilt.
You pass the hang it dang it device through the prepared quit sleeve. In the center you place the plastic clip on to the hang it dang it and place on wall through hole in the clip. Works best if you leave opening in sleeve large enough for clip in my opinion. I have two of these and have been pleased with them.
Yes!
The "pocket" is material added to a quilt for the purpose of hanging (w/ a rod.) It's usually no more than a few inches wide, opened at both ends and runs longs along the entire "top" of the quilt. The Hang It Dang It rod slides into this sleeve/pocket.
hey will fit most low shank machine. Mine is a CG-590 and they fit. I am not familiar with either of the machines you ask about. Amazon does allow for things to be returned if they do not work.
Yes. Works well too
You can check the singer website and type in your model number to see what heads will fit. But most of the heads are pretty universal to the singer brand.
They work on my wife's model 5532 and appear that they should work on other Singer models as well.
The kit will fit all low shank models. As long as you can change out the presser foot it will fit on to your machine. I took a look at a picture description of yours and it should be fine. So long answer short all of them will work.
The SINGER Accessory Kit contains accessories for machine models that have a low shank. The SINGER 9410 sewing machine is a slant shank model, therefore the accessories in this kit will not fit your model.
I am not sure. I have a Singer 30215 but it did not fit even though it was listed that it would.
it should. i have a pretty basic singer machine with snap on feet and this kit was exactly right.
No. These feet aren't for your machine. Overlock machines use two needles and have very different feet. These feet are for a low shank machine.
These accessories will work with your machine, provided that you also purchase a Universal Shank. The presser foot holder on your model is designed for presser feet with a narrow presser foot pin. The accessories in the kit have a wider presser foot pin and will need a presser foot holder (shank) that accommodates the width of the pin. You can find a universal shank on Amazon, here: http://www.amazon.com/Snap-on-Shank-Low/dp/B004GVMWBE/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1432215356&sr=8-2&keywords=universal+shank+singer
Both sides. Everyone really enjoyed them. Very nice addition to a baby shower. I recommend them.
YES, they do come in pink.
Sorry there are currently no purple versions of this product. Thank you.
Yes
Good question. All my other paintings came with wood stretching frames. I had it professionally stretched and framed, because it is such a beautiful painting when I finish it. Maybe they just forgot or it is a larger painting than I normally purchase from them. Usually I order 16"X20" paintings. This one was larger. colomba d., I wish I could have given you a better answer. It was fun to paint and watching it come to life. I hope this helped somewhat.
Colomba d., it's nice to hear from you again. The canvas does come as you know with some folds and creases due to how it is packaged. Canvas is a fabric, so what I do is iron it from the back side of the canvas on medium heat until the folds and wrinkles are gone. Then I lay the canvas on my paint table flat and paint away. Then I stretch the painting over my framing boards. I like laying my canvas flat especially painting by the numbers, because you can guide your paint brush with better leverage. Myself I always use two coats on each number to cover the number. If you mix your paint correctly, you will have enough paint for the entire painting. You will see a definite difference in your painting when your finished using two coats. I think I have painted at least ten DiyOilPaintings kits so far. I hope this helped you out. If you have any other questions don't hesitate to ask. Don C.
Yes
36"x60"
Mine came attached as one piece.
I think so, I made a coat out of it that flows nicely!
NO CLUE. I love it though.
Yes
It is. I used this for a baby blanket. Many washes and it still looks great!
Yes, same on both sides
It was used for a double thickness throw for my granddaughter. It keeps her warm and is very soft.
yes , correct. 3 units = 3 yds. we send 1 piece continuous
Yes. Ist correct. 2 units = 2 yads. In 1 piece
60" wide
Yes, but it wasn't that hard
The wood is hard wood. I have not had any dents so far. I usually have a large hard sketch board between the table and the paper so maybe thats the reason. All and all its a nice table, I even have a lamp mounted on it.
Suggested stool to go with this would be our Studio Stool White #13178 White / Chrome measurements at 23.5" max. http://www.amazon.com/FANMATS-Chicago-Metal-Alloy-2-Pack-FanBrands/dp/B007J7CTM4/ref=sr_1_2?m=A2RP4VCLOBWX64&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1429911521&sr=1-2&keywords=13178
No, only the angle of the table surface is adjustable, so I guess it is assumed that one could use a shorter or taller stool to accommodate the height of the table?
The color is a light wood grain. In the spec for the table it called it a "maple" top, not wood grain, or laminate or other indication that it was not composed of real solid wood.
Yes, very confortable.
the depth is exactly 24 inches. the width is 41 if the holding cups are used; otherwise it's 36 inches
Yes. They are held in place by tabs and screws but could be removed if desired.
Definitely! I have a 27" iMac on it, and there's still room for my laptop.
Not sure if it would work with a recliner cause it does have supports in the far side?
No they are not. Tannish in color.
Smooth
Yes
Yes Mary I believe so. They come rolled up in a cardord tube. I accidentally ordered 2 sets but my first order only had 2 pieces in the Tube
Yes but its a bit thin I would buy our 5 mil cookie sheetd 15" x 18" on Amazon TY sealersupply on the web
I used the aluminum duct tape to secure it to the bottom and because of the work I do, I just lady the piece on top. You could tape it also.
I bought them for pressing crystals. I don't know the exact thickness other then they are very thin... Thicker than a piece of paper.
I have used then on the cotton setting without any problems
It's very thin like a lightly coated fabric.
No hook marks on the teflon.
These are very difficult to cut in half for this purpose. They are not made of a "soft" foam, it is of a dense compacted foam composed of tiny beads. When the integrity of the shape is compromised, the beads break apart and end up everywhere and they static cling to EVERYTHING!
Just for fake ones. The material for the natural flowers usually is a gren color and the material is softer. This particular item is not for natural flowers
Yes - you get six 8-inch foam balls for $36.00. Hope this helped!
I believe they are in diameter...but it's the largest size I could find. I'm very happy with them though
The ball can support the cupcakes. But think about using another type of stick other than toothpicks. You can use candy apple sticks or Wooden kabob sticks and cut those to length they are more sturdy then tooth picks.
Probably, if you do it carefully so that it doesn't crumble. It's the same type of styrofoam that is using for packing products in boxes.
I don't see why not they are firm.
This was a set of 6 eight inch foam balls when I ordered. We have ordered 6 sets and they have all been 8 inches.
Yes it's 8 inches whide and you can cut it to length
No
No this is not iron on
This machine is not a screen printer, it is a heat press. It will heat press an image you have printed on special heat transfer paper onto shirts, bags, etc.
Silhouette cameo & siser easy weed heY transfer vinyl
this is not a printer, it's a heat press (a big iron)
Mine came with a user manual which is a 9 page booklet talking about safety, how to check for defects, proper ways to use it with ceramics, fabrics, ect, and ways to adjust the machine if the results weren't satisfactory. If I can answer any questions that are in the manual, please feel free to ask.
The owner's manual says 6 months. Have used it about a dozen times and have had no problems.
As long as you press it correctly it last a long time. Sometimes the t-shirt gets worn out faster &#128540;
Try to loosen up the pressure
I hang the collar off the edge when doing kids shirts
I would press shirts only. It is very sturdy so it might work because you can adjust the pressure.
I used cotton shirts as well as polyester zip up. Unfortunately my heat press started having issues after 1-2 months so I'm now returning it :-(
yes
Hi Austin, I am sorry, but I don't know, I haven't used it since I bought it.
No it does not. I ended up making up my own air hose instead of using the one that came with it.
Thanks for your inquiry. The item got half a year warranty. If you have any further questions or comments, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will be happy to respond and try our best to serve you.
sorry, we do not have lager size
There is a different assortment of colors depending on which set you buy; you should be able to view which set comes with which colors before you buy them. I also suggest purchasing the blending pen (0) seperately... it makes a huge difference!
I am not sure I haven't tried it but I think you should be
Dear RoxAnne, Thank you for your Amazon inquiry of Blick Art Materials. The Set B of 60 ShinHan Touch Twin Brush Marker set I have found the following information to help answer your questions: The ink is made from purified ethyl alcohol that is non-toxic and virtually odorless. An ergonomically designed body allows multiple grips, and the innovative, durable nib design ensures maximum firmness over time. If you need any further assistance, please let us know. Thank you, Karen S./Blick Art Materials
Dear RoxAnne, Thank you for your inquiry of Blick Art Material through Amazon website. On this Set B of 60 ShinHan Touch Twin Brush Marker I have found this information for you: The ink is made from purified ethyl alcohol that is non-toxic and virtually odorless. An ergonomically designed body allows multiple grips, and the innovative, durable nib design ensures maximum firmness over time. I hope this has helped but please let us know if you need any further assistance. Thank you, Karen S./Blick Art Materials
Sort of. It has three speed setting.
Yes it does.
I don't think so. According to the manual,this machine should be connected to an AC power source within the range indicated on the rating label. Is approved for use in the country of purchase only. I bought mine at Costco (US), the label says 120V ~ 60Hz 0.65A.
The manual says it is part code SA 156. They are clear plastic and appear to be the standard size you see for sale at JoAnn's. They are not those short bobbins that my mother's Singer took on her 1960's machine. I hope that this is helpful.
Yes
Maybe it needs to be cleaned and oiled.
It will work if you use transformer
Yes, it is a great machine.
It does have a drop feed. It also can be used in a "free feed" mode, which apparently quilters use to develop freehand designs (outside my expertise). There is no cover for it although it fit into my old carrying case so standard size, if you have it, will work. According to Brother, the weight is 13.2 lbs. Not sure on the interchangeability of feet (I had an old New Home before, so wasn't an issue)--if the ones you have are just the foot with a bar across that snaps into the machine, there's a good chance they are usable on this machine.
It's not programmable like a computer, it only has "pre- programmed" stitches The needle movement moves like the ink jet on a printer. It stops and starts immediately. A mechanical machine you have to give the wheel a push to get the machine started and after you let off the pedal, the machine winds down one to two stitches more and stops at a random location in its stroke. This machine always stops with the needle in the down position. In a mechanical machine, you twist a knob which engages a different set of gears to make different stitches. This machine follows a program to move the needle. I hope that answers your question.
If I recall correctly, that container is enough for one quart. I mix it until I get the desired pigment, you can't have to much pigment in it, as it all becomes translucent when it hits the right temperature.
You can use any transparent base. Matte medium or gloss mediums work great. Just be sure to put a uv protectant (such as spar urithane) on the outside if your application will be exposed to the sun at all.
Yes u can. U used this for a mask and was using fabric paint paint underneath as the mask warmed the paint under neather would remain
I only bought this product to finish my halloween costume, and it worked great!
I've read that it can, but I'm sorry I can't be much help. I've only just taken it to home depot and had them mix it with an oil base paint.
As of now, there isn't any top coat that is really great. Pretty much any quality automotive clearcoat already has UV protection. Some has more than others. However, even with the best it won't keep this pigment from fading in the sun. 2-3 layers of clear is the normal. If you start getting too much paint it can/will wrinkle the finish.
You can just about any image scanned or any Google search images. Great machine you won't be disappointed. Go to youtube and look for "cricflix" channel great teacher for new silhouette users.
No it doesn't require either one. The program works on its own. It is very easy to use.
Yes
2 gift cards .. one is already in the box wich is 10$ .. and another one with the boundle is 25$ .. the total is 35$
This will work with PC and Mac devices. It also has the ability to print off of the SD card slot that is on the printer itself.
If you mean clipart, jpeg, png, or other picture format, then yes. Save the illustration as all files to your computer. Then open silhouette. Click the fold icon on the top left. Search the illustration you would like to cut. Make sure to choos all files for file type. Your image will appear. Use the trace tool or icon on the upper right to trace the image. That'll create the cutting path.
All ur computers fonts are linked into machine plus a few it comes with. U can also down load any font I the world and it reads to machine...my sister in Law has cricket and loves it but she as I both love this more! It's amazing!
I have Windows 7, so I cannot be of much help. However, I'm sure you could get an accurate answer here: http://www.silhouetteamerica.com/ I love my Silhouette. It is the best new "toy" I have had in years!
You go to YouTube and there are several videos on how to use it and that's how my wife learned to use it.
Absolutely, you can easily use either. I think they only have 2 machines. I believe the cutting area is just smaller on the one.
No, it's not magnetic.
Actually the dimensions are (HxWxL): 17 x 14 x 16.3 in. (43 x 35.5 x 41.5 cm). Not sure where 4 x 20 comes from, we will try to have that updated.
I think that yes
No.
The cameo comes standard with a $10 card in the box. The bundle adds a $25 card. This is what we received.
No.
I have the Silhouette Studio Software on my MacPro with the OS X system and it works very well. I hope that answers your questions
Do u have prime? If so your shipping is free which is a great deal.
I run mine with my MacBook Pro- no problems!
I tried that very thing and it wouldn't work. I had to pay separate for the designer studio.
No, this bundle does not come the Designer Edition software. That will cost you extra...I think it's about $49.
The roll is 100 feet long.
At 375 no residue.
3.0 inches
No... it's not really an adhesive tape, it's more like saran wrap but thicker so it clings to paper transfers but definitely it'll peal off without hesitation as it's designed to do.
Thanks for the message. Yes it will. These are made for Commercial machines,. Zipperstop was on CNN, Nov 11th Please enjoy the 5 min. interview below: http://edition.cnn.com/videos/business/2014/11/11/pkg-quest-war-invention-zippers.cnn (part 2)http://edition.cnn.com/video/data/2.0/video/business/2014/11/12/qmb-zipper-eddie-feibusch-intv.cnn.html Check out this video featuring zipperstop.com on CBS TV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM1kFhOpUGE Have a nice day . Jeff ZipperStop Wholesale Authorized Distributor YKK
I don't know my is yamata industrial.
i'm not sure, but it fits my singer heavy duty machine
According to Brother Canada, yes. They linked me to these needles for purchasing for that machine.
Hello! This item is for normal size. Sorry that plus size is unavailable.
I'm a size 4/6, and it was a little big on me, I had to take it in so that the extra material didn't bunch. I think it would be okay for an 8 and even a small 10, but not much larger than that. The slip does have elastic, so it will stretch some and may go larger, but I wouldn't vouch for that.
I believe it will support a heavier dress. It held out mine just fine.
I am a size 10 and it fit with extra room. It is very stretchy.
what size is it
Doesn't need to be heat set & for best bond pre-wash fabric without fabric softeners.
That's what I used them for worked great! Dried quick! Hung on clothes line as people finished they were dry by the end of the party.
Hi Penny, From what I know this stuff is pretty safe. But that this doesn't mean you can handle it carelessly. Use common sense regardless. Wear gloves when spread the inks. Have handy paper towels nearby. As for kids, I wouldn't let kids use this without adult supervision. That's the best advice I can give you.
I don't see why they couldn't. The bottles are small so depending on the size of the hands you may be only to get a couple of prints out of each bottle but that is a really cute idea! I would just get a paper plate and squeeze out all the paint.
I did not use these my 12 year old daughter did but I can tell you she made t-shirts (cotton) and there was absolutely no bleeding of colors at all and the washed very well, however they do make the fabric a little stiff after being washed.
I've only tried hand washing and the paint did not come off.
I suppose so since the inks are water based.
We did not use them for that particular function but I am guessing no.
I'm sorry, but I do not know. I use the dies in the Sizzix Big Shot machine.
Hi. You have to use the multiplatform and the cutting pad (a pair of two acrilyc pads). Between the acrylics put the paper and the die facing the platform.
Amanda, I wish I could help you, but I haven't worked with the 3d pop up cards. I can tell you that the thickness of the frame is about 1/8" to 1/16". I'm not sure if this helps or not. I'm sure someone else who has used the pop up cards would be able to tell you more.
It's about 3" wide by 4". It really is a lovely photo book. My daughter loves it.
It comes with 20 but there's room to add more. You can usually get the extras for pretty cheap from a craft store.
Golden
Yes. It's a 12x12 scrapbook
Yes
Satin. It's very nice.
Yes! Most definitely! Most refill pages packs come with the little extenders. Just double check to make sure they come with what you get, as far as refills go. Enjoy! :)
It comes with ten pages (20 layouts) two per sleeve, but is expandable.
What you see in the pic is what you get
I'm sorry I already wrapped this present for a friend!
I think it was twelve or so. Maybe fourteen but no more than that.
Hi Stacy, Below are the specifications of the large molded gems: Glass Gem Size: 40mm - (Approximately 1.5") Thickness: Approximately 7.16" Weight: 1 lb. (16 oz.) Quantity: Approximately 14 to 18 Gems (*Sold by weight; quantity of gems may vary) Finish: Non-Iridized Thanks! Linda
Dear Ashley, We ship using the United States Postal Service's Priority Mail International boxes. The price can range from $19.95 (for 4 lbs) to $53.95 (for up to 20 lbs). Sincerely, Linda
Yes
It is adjustable by 5 to 6 inches.
Measurements are 25.1" chest, 22.5" waist and 24.2" hips. Thank you
I own both of them, and the cameo is larger obviously but I have not incountered anything that the portrait cannot do except for larger sizes. hope this helps!
Yes and no... Yes you can take vector images made in Illustrator. No you can't use .ai files. The solution is to export the file as a .dxf. You have to make sure that the vector art is ungrouped and not using any compound paths. There also shouldn't be any color used on the art. And make sure you're using the most up to date version of Studio when you import your dxf file. Happy cutting!
There are two ways that you can "print and cut". One is by using a special new mat called the PixScan that is available for it, and an app that goes with it on your phone. With that you can cut around anything...it doesn't have to be something you printed from the Silhouette software. It can be a stamped image, or handwriting, or whatever. The other way is by creating the file in Silhouette's Design Studio software and then adding registration marks to your document before printing it. The machine reads these to orient itself on the paper when you feed the paper into the Portrait to cut.
The cutting mat can be used for a 8 1/2" piece of paper, but the machine won't cut into the extra half inch.
Yes, This product comes with blade and mat. I would buy a few more mats. I went through mine in about a month,but I use mine almost everyday for several hours.. It truly is a fantastic machine.. i use this one more than I use my pazzle..
The portrait has a smaller cutting area. It is only 8 inches wide as opposed to 12 and it doesn't have an sd card slot or LCD display.
The short answer is that just about anything you could cut with an XACTO knife. A longer answer is that there are several vinyl and mylar options with or without an adhesive back. I mostly just use transparency film. I have a bunch of it and it works fine.
Yes. You'll need something that can export to dxf format or one of the others that the software tool that comes with the machine supports. There are also some open source options that accept a wide variety of alternatives.
I have had great success cutting very detailed stencils on Yupo. It is a 100% Polypropylene 104 lb sheet that watercolor artist use. You can buy it in an 9x12 pad. I use the translucent.
The system requirements are found in their manual at the following ip address: http://cdn.silhouetteamerica.com/m/d/manual_silhouette-studio_v5.pdf You do not have to have the equipment to download the software and see if it works. Go the the silhouette site to download the version for your pc.
The inside dimension at the bottom is 5/16", the outside dim. is 3/8"
approx 300 pcs
its black enamel coating on metal. If its just cleaned in water it should be ok, but if its going under a vigorous wash then the black enamel may chip off.
Your owners manual, page 39, gives specs on the recommended needles. Embroidery they recommend size 75/11. You can use any brand, as long as they are specifically for home sewing machines (back of the post is flat) These needles are correct, but I did not like the quality, they broke frequently and had rough spots that caused the thread to fray and fabric to pucker and run. Also their ad is misleading, the price is for only 10 needles, even though the picture shows a 500 pack The Organ brand in the gray pack are a much better quality: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0042B9K2C/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
you get 10 needles in one envelope (pack) the big box contains 50 packs and they sell envelopes from the box
No
YES, for my shipment they did.
Yes they will,size 75/11 and they work very well,these are really the best to use too.
I am not sure. Maybe a 75 ballpoint needle?
The larger the needle the better for materials. Often something called a Jean/denim needle might be what you are looking for. But you didn't say what kind of heavy material. Yes it makes a difference. Heavy Pack Cloth nylon but with waterproof backing might infuence. Some nylons do better with a ball point head others need a sharper point. Many microfiber fabrics do best with a sharp point not ball because it can dull the needle quickly. So having mentioned that the 110/18 is the largest among this grouping offered. And the next down would be 100/16. I use the 90/14 pretty much standard across the board for the type of heavy duty sewing I often do. I sew with lots of tapestry fabrics which can be very heavy some with extra backing I would go up one or two sizes. Denim does ok with ballpoints usually if all cotton. Some polyester blends do better with a sharp. Do not use sharps on knits I've had them cut some knits so bad it is like you cut right along with scissors through the fabric as you sewed leaving you with two pieces not a seam. Anyway the rule of thumb is larger for heavy fabric. I actually like a 20 and even larger but these can be hard to find. Hope it helps and good luck with your projects.
they come in 10 or 5 depend on which kind you get .all i can say is try them.
It depends on the weight of the knits -size 9 to 11 for lightweights and sheer knits, 11 or 14 for medium-weight (normal t-shirt jersey), 14 to 16 for heavyweight (dense cotton sweater knit) and 16 to 18 for very heavy knits (thick winter woolens).
4.19 for a pack of 10 needles
I use them in my singer heavy duty 4411, I will never buy another dritz needle again these needles have stood up longer than any other brand I have used, they aren't flimsy like singer needle brand.
Size 11 is the all around size for most things,cotton,quilting but if you have problems quilting use size 14 on heavier items.
When you are working with satin material, it is best to use a cutaway or tear away stabilizer and a 75/15 sharp needle. I hope this will help. If you have need any kind of information go to Embroidery Library Projects, it is free to join, can get a lot of help and also get free embroidery patterns. Good luck
No, I have Brother brand machine and they work great.
I have a Janome 2212 and it fit my machine.
Depending on the thickness of the fabric. If it is very thin a size 10 or 12 needle. If heavier a size16 or 18.
I have a baby lock 6 needle BMP 9 and they work great.
In the description of the Ball Point needles, if it has the name of your sewing machine in it, it will fit. Low Shank or High Shank. If your sewing machine is not in there, it won't work. You should know what kind of shank you have, low or high L. King
It's U.S. 110.
Use the smaller nozzle and lower the pressure and it lays a smooth coat. I haven't been able to add two colors together yet but I'm working on it. hopes this helps
You could use it for baking. I'm not sure the compressor will do that great with very thick liquids so it would have to be made very thin or you could buy a bigger compressor. I ended up getting a bigger compressor from Home Depot that gives me a better more regular pressure.
Few hrs to a day just depends put baby powder on after to help absorb a lil better
I have had them last 3-5 days.
I wouldn't recommend it, the paint is alcohol based and need a rubbing alcohol to remove. Plus it would be very sticky. If you can find a water based paint to use in this system you might have better luck.
Run rubbing alcohol through the machine like it's the paint and no the paint is alcohol based
No, as you are working you just remove the jar, continue to spray out the color to clear the gun, then switch colors. At the end you will need to clean everything really well with alcohol.
Up to 50 to 60 psi, for airbrushing up to 40 is enough.
you can do about 100-150 depends on one color or two. You don't need alot.
Dual action
NPT
you may be able to, I never tried using the jar to see on how big of an area it can spray. the sprayer with the 'cup' on top does not spray that big of an area
it can spray multiple types of paint but i have never tried to use it to paint cakes/faces. I would think i would work
Yes. It sprays it just fine. Just make sure you have to proper cleaning products
Yes when you get some practice it is a good set. Make sure and get the cleaning kit and clean it often
The kit only includes 2 airbrushes, it must be a typo if they said 3 airbrushes.
Let me check with my husband. I think his biggest problem that I have heard him comment on is trying to get the pressure just right for the gun. I know he does like the gravity feed much more than the siphon but has used both. I will ask him tonight and email shortly. Overall he is really happy with it.
The compressor is fully adjustable and works great with everything. You can set it as low or high as you want. You can use everything together and start spraying that day. It is a great little kit.
No, but if it starts to break down then it is time to replace it.
I'm guessing it depends on the type of grill you have. If it's stainless steel, it won't scratch but keeping a stainless steel grill "like new" is almost an impossibility. We have an older Weber 3000, so we weren't so concerned with scratching a new stainless grill pair we purchased.
I have not noticed this concern but I have only used it once since I bought it.
I checked the weber website, they list this as safe for their grates.
They are 4x6
I believe they would stick on plastic forks. They can be cut between the stones to fit what you need. Hope this helps.
About 3mm
Yes
I don't see why not, just with the nails do a top coat to seal it, expect some to fall off. Have fun!
You will need some type of fabric glue. It does not stick well
When you peel them off the plastic sheet it comes off in a strip. But it's fairly easy to pull one or how many ever you need off from the rest of the strip. I absolutely love these.
Yes, they pretty much stick to any surface, just prewash the surface before applying. Have fun!
They are really tiny and I use them only in paper to embellish my cards. They work great.
They are strips. Not sure what kind of invitations you have but for my wedding invites I used a Darice 5mm size but in my case I needed individual rhinestones just as an accent. If your invites just want some sparkle for edging this may be perfect. For this particular item, I used these rhinestones for the cake topper, since they are strips it was super easy to apply instead of individually.
Generally speaking the use of graphite moulds to melt in is not advisable due to the wear on the mould from the flame and the gassing and corrosive action of any fluxes used.Although graphite moulds are used in continuous casting they wear very quickly and the costs starts to mount fairly quickly.
Yes
Yes you can engrave probably 1/16 to 3/32 of an inch, and still have a stable mold.
You will have to get a engraving kit. Look up TEKTON engraving letter and number set. I hope this helps.
have never used it yet ... but it is small only about the size of a 50 cent peace ... we have not found enough gold yet to use it .. so i cannot completely answer your question
Yes they can - but just note you will need special remover to get it off and it takes a lot of muscle grease to get it completely off- in my experience unless your willing to endure the labor of scrubbing it off you will have a ghost image of where the marker was used so I wouldn't recommend using it for say daily menu changes - but design or wording (such as headings) you plan to not change very often.
Yes, but they can also be blended wet-on-wet when you are drawing right on a board. They take a bit of time to get used to, but they work beautifully on any surface. They are the main supply in my classroom every year!!!
They are chiseled
Hi, I don't know, haven't try them on other surface than glass... But don't think they do
yes, very nice and thick with good seal
These bags stink. I had the same issue with them. They break when you try to open them. I think they are making them differently now, I ordered 1000 pack of a smaller bag from someone else and they were great
You could probably FIT over 50 business card into one, maybe 100, but they would probably break. They are very fragile.
These bags are clear on both sides.
China
Apart from the built-in zipper? I wouldn't trust it. If you plan to use them for food, I don't know that I'd trust them to be sterile either.
I'm not sure, that is not what I use them for. It seems like they would be ok to hold good depending on what kind
I believe so....
Yes I do believe they are. They are pretty good ones for the money!!
I honestly don't know....however, I have very sensitive skin and have been able to use these hooks without any skin irritation. Hope this helps.
Not that I know of o.o" I have been using them for months and they r in perfect condition :)
from top of loop to bottom measures 5 mm
they dont have any kind of number what so ever
Yes. Six weeks.
The ones I got are really small, as small as the ones in the picture if not smaller. They fit on some earrings and don't fit on others. They took close to a month to arrive and came from China. I wouldn't re-order.
Yes! They are also very flexible (not rigid) so it's easier to slip them on or off without bending your earwire.
Yes they are, and tight too.
I guess they would be way more comfortable. Although they are for just keeping your Hook earrings in place so you won't loose them. But I have slept with mine on.
Yes, they fit 18 gauge posts. I bought them together with 18G 36 piece multicolor nylon post studs. I tried it on one and it fit quite snugly so should be hard to fall off. However, it's so snug, I wonder if it would fit posts wider than 18G.
They are chrome but dont waste your time, it took 2 months plus to receive them
Yes, I used them on jeans and it worked great keep in mind I used a fabric puncher to get a good hole. Found on Amazon for $8
I personally do not use one, but highly recommend it. I would imagine they would make things easier...
Use a nail to gently poke a hole, put the bottom post through the hole then screw on the stud. :)
4.0 mm across the bottom, 9.5 mm height
I'm not quite sure how thick 12oz leather is, but the widest width the screw can hold with a 180 degree turn is about 3-4mm. I hope this helps!
yes but there small so if you have slippery hands hard to put in
Mine took about a month to receive after the order date.
yes, but you would have pencil mark the gas mask and get a good hole puncher. The reason I say to pencil mark the gas mask is, because the piercing is irreversible. Good luck
It's the same
I ordered 8 yds and it was all in one piece
This fabric is like an everyday tablecloth. You will need some type of hem as it will ravel.
Green lettering.
No,it's cotton.
If you are interested in New England Patriots Cotton Fabric, below is a link to this fabric: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XNWDWU Hopefully this helps.
yes and itis nice made a quilt
Sorry, no I gave it to someone overseas. (A gift)
It stretches a little bit, not as much as some of my other cotton fabrics.
I don't think so. If it were me I would buy bigger containers of just the bright fun colors. This kit did 4 t-shirts and 6 napkin size pieces of cloth.
This set is really just the bottles & powdered dye. You add water to the bottles in order to get the "paint". I would say no, you cannot paint this on with a brush. The dye becomes a loose liquid when water is added.
They stay really well. I've washed mine a dozen times an haven't had any fading.
Yes and no. Just depends on how you die. If you do one or two colors per shirt you'd have plenty! But just a tip. If you're trying to save die. Have a container under your shirt when you're applying the die so it catches the spilled die and you can put it back in the container if this is just you doing the project. But if this is a family or group craft I would buy two just to be safe. I hope this helps! :)
I think my daughter mostly uses the dry method and yes the colour stays vibrant after washing.
Yes it includes everything you need except clothing. However depending on how many shirts you are dyeing and the pattern you might want some more rubber bands.
Depends on the size of the shirt. I used 3 bottles on an XL Men's t-shirt.
We didn't do any of that and the colors came out bright and have stayed well.
No, one package for each bottle
12 or so if you use all the dye. Maybe a few more.
I think they are about an 1 1/2" or slightly larger. They're a nice size....don't have any left to check for sure :/
About the size of a half dollar, not tiny.
There are 13 units left of the ~ 5 Rolls ~ Christmas / Holiday Stickers ~ 100 Stickers Per Roll ~ 500 Stickers Total available at The Goody Bag.
No
The lower case d is 1.5 inches tall
The letters range between 1 1/4 inches up to 2 inches tall. The width is between 1/4 and 1 inch wide.
Sure can! They cut really nice
This die cut will work with standard plates for the BigShot. Try using this site: karenburniston.typepad.com I found it to very useful.
That is exactly correct. Made all my Christmas gifts with this die & the cuttlebug.
No, the die needed to cut the blue pieces is called Sizzix Frame & Label Bracket, Sizzix item #658037. These dies are really fun to work with! Enjoy!
The Sizzix Big Shot is probably my suggestion. Good luck. It's a tricky card to make, but you'll love it when you're done.
I doubt it. Most embossers only dry emboss, not cut.
Small pocket on inside of lid with cloth tape inside. Main compartment- shallow hard plastic container 1" deep w/4 sections varying in size, fits on top of main compartment. Pkg of saftey pins, tiny spools of thread (7+/-), singer stainless steel scissors, sewing gauge (meas. hems, etc), seam ripper, 4(?) needles. Main comp. approx 4 1/2" deep. Smaller than I imagined, but I kept the basket.
Inside 6 1/4" x 9" and depth 4 1/2". Outside about 7 1/2" x 10".
I just measured the inside: 9" wide 4 1/2" deep.
Yes, it is made in China. It is made fairly well and is a good quality basket.
I's a magnetic snap, it holds well. I LOVE my Singer vintage sewing basket!
CHina
I do apologize, but this is a stock picture for this item and we do not have any other pictures available
No. It does come with scissors, a small pin cushion, and a couple of other small items like measuring tape. It is a great little kit in my opinion.
Thread isn't marked re: cotton, nylon?? The spools are tiny though, so if you didn't like the thread you wouldn't have it for very long anyway.
I do know what vintage means and no this is not a "vintage" sewing basket. I bought it because I couldn't find another one that would match my color scheme. This is the only one that even came close. I'm sure they just use the term because of the outside fabric having old sewing machines, etc.. on it.
Yes. A few exaples are, ebay, tcpglobal.com, utrechtart.com and there are many more. To save money I buy acrylic (water based) paint at an arts and crafts like Joann's or Michael's. The liquid kind not paste. BUT IT MUST BE THINED WITH WATER FIRST. Too little water and it splats or won't spray. Too much and it runs and has coverage issues. Get that down and the choices are endless. So many acrylic colors available localy. Gloss, pearls, glow in the dark, etc. The cost is cheaper too, $1-3 for a 2oz bottle generally. Have fun.
I won't know because my hearing is bad but it's not to loud for me lol
Yes this works perfectly for me on 110v
Yes but the cone in the gun itself is super small so it clogs really really easy! The compressor is awesome, but I'm going to invest in a better gun down the road!
yes, this is a silent clock
positively LOVE this clock! ordered it 2x
glass
Hi.it is plastic. Thank you
Hi.Yes They are stones we do have a bigger wall clock. Pleas feel free to ask any other questions. Thank you
Try the harder/firmer tips for the bamboo stylus. I have no problem.
I know that this fits perfectly the 1st generation as listed Bamboo Stylus... I would inquire with Wacom as to the proper nibs as many customers have ended up with the wrong nibs and for the cost it is not really feasible to return due to shipping costs back to Amazon... A little effort will result in you being a happy customer... Might want to compare prices at Wacom as this item is less expensive there than Amazon FYI....
It's fine resting that you asked that. I prefer a stiffer nib. The nib that came with the pen was softer than I live. I ordered replacement nibs and now it's perfect. I forgot who I ordered from but it was 3 nibs to a package and it was through Amazon
I'd say plus or minus 5mm.
I think the stylus I order all come with the regular nibs, which I find are too soft. I also find the firm nibs to be too hard. I would like something in-between.
I have the old style Solo and they fit. If you have the new style Solo you may want to look at ack20501, i can't tell you if they fit. You might check the bamboo site.
The tip ferrul unscrews and you can change the tip nib.
I recently purchased these. I use them for note taking in Penultimate App and I like this tip better than the one that came with the stylus. It is a little bit harder (not as soft as the old one that came with the stylus) but I find it easier to write with, not sure about drawing.
I think the older one is called Generation 1. It has a bigger tip. I like the newer one which has a smaller tip and a cap like a regular pen. The only thing when working with it, the cap is loose if you hold the pen close to the top. I am having to learn how to hold it.
I don't quite understand the question. The nibs are for the Wacom bamboo stylus, I don't think there have been generations of that. But the stylus itself works great with a 3rd generation iPad.
I have washed them inside a couple toys, though not many times yet, and it seems to be fine. They seem pretty watertight, so I'm not too worried about them and mine are still intact from what I can hear, so I would assume it's fine to wash them.
They are very small. Only 3/4 " in diameter and 1/2 " tall. I crochet baby rattles and theses are perfect for my needs. They have a nice soft sound that can be heard inside of a stuffed rattle.
They are 3/4 inch in diameter and about 1/2 inch thick. Also, they look to be sealed well enough that they could go through the wash, though I haven't tried it yet.
I received 15 sets of 5, the sizes being (in mm): 2.0, 2.25, 2.75, 3.25, 3.5, 3.75, 4.0, 4.5, 5.0, 5.5, 6.0, 6.5, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0.
Hello! These will stand up to considerable use. I have Stitchberry single tipped bamboo needles and they are much more fragile than these by Ostart. The latter is a lovely darker "polished" wood, not like the Stitchberry that I have to sand on occasion to keep smooth. Even the US 1 is a sturdy set. I live at the beach and store them in a plastic box inside the little plastic sleeves they were shipped in and mine haven't warped at all. I have been delighted with this set of double pointed needles, I use them very often [I don't have a telly so I craft instead]. I wouldn't be able to knit hats and baby things without them. :-)
I just use a lightly damp cloth, rub them down and dry them right away. My never get "dirty" because I always wash my hands before using my needles. Hope this helps.
You use multiple needles to knit round things in one piece without a seam. It is called "knitting in the round." They are used for the same purpose as attached needles, neither is better, it is just a personal preference. I prefer to use multiple needles for easier storage, but everyone is different.
No, not very sharp, but adequate!
If you want to pay for a full set of Clovers, you will get a bit better quality. But you will pay less for this and if they break you won't loose any sleep over it. I say buy two sets to be safe and stash the others away if you are worried. Shipping is generally fast though.
8" needle shoudl work but you would want a stop on one side.
The tips are about as pointed as most bamboo needles I have seen in the store. Less pointed that most metal knitting needles I have used.
I have not used other clover needles, but is am very happy with this purchase
It is 9 inches by 9 inches by 1.5 inches and weighs approximately 1.2 pounds.
Yes
what are you trying to ask me? short of what?
Awesome!!! best quality???
Can't answer, this was a gift.
I would not pin anything on to this mannequin, it seems too flimsy for that, but I absolutely love it for display purposes
Yes. I have a summer wedding gown on it now. That has a train. The base is well made.
I don,t have a tape measure, but, those measurements appear to be accurate. I think this form would work for you. I purchased the form for display purposes. It is a very nice, sturdy form and I was extremely happy with this purchase.
I just add a picture from the side view, please take a look. Thank you!
Hi. Yes, it is adjustable. From about 5 feet up to 6 feet.
Yes. Ive done two quilting projects one smaller, one large denim and both went very smooth.
No, but there is a machine in this line that also does embroidery.
Go with the CS6000i, for 5 bucks, the features are better. and it has the feet to do quilting with. All of the Brother Project Runway models are more expensive .... and you pay for their free advertising.
No - unfortunately it cannot.
No...not to my knowledge. It comes with a standard thread center and cap.
I think you are asking about the space between the machine and the needle, where material gets pushed up against. This distance to the needle is 6 1/2".
I love my CE7070. It is a reliable machine and it is helping to relearn how to sew. I would recomend to any stage seamstress.
Yes. This machine has made quick work of every fabric I've put through it. I hemmed jeans and it didn't even hiccup.
I looked in the manual. According to p.44 sewing stretch fabrics-First baste the pieces of fabric together, then sew without stretching the fabric.
No
No, the Pixma 5420 takes CLI 251 cartridges and these are CLI 225/226
It will depend on the size of the pictures that you are printing. I printed at least 30-40 full color prints, but they ranged in size from 3x3 to 8x10. This is by far the best edible ink cartridge set I have ever owned as far as the sharpness and depth of color.
Lucy S., the chips are embedded in the cartridges. I used the cartridges right out of the box and put them directly into my Canon PIXMA MG5320 and they worked like a charm.
Yes, perfectly
You could use some refill kit more than likely, but I would not recommend it unless you have.
It's okay for a cheap pipe. Long time pipe smokers, like myself, will probably tire of it. It heats up a bit fast. The bit is not as strong as a pipe in the $30 and above price range. Plus the filter, is not removable. So there is some cleaning involved. I'm old fashioned. I began smoking a pipe when I was 19. Now, 64, I prefer the more solid woods, like briar, or cherry wood. And I don't like filters. So, as I said, for a cheap pipe, it's not bad. But I'm not going to cut costs on my pipes from now on. To get a good pipe, way back when, you would spend about $20. Now, to get a good piece of wood, you spend about $30. Amazon is reliable. It's a good seller. And I plan to purchase some of their $30 and above pipes in the future. But ones that allow me to 'remove' the filter, if choose. Like I said, I'm old fashioned. I don't smoke a pipe. I breathe a pipe. I hope that helps.
The bowl and stem are separate. Just note that the pipe felt awkward in my hand and eventually the stem broke without reason. I cannot recommend this pipe for its quality, only for its price. If you just want a cheap, serviceable pipe that you're willing to replace in 3 or more months, go for it.
No, it takes 9mm filters. I prefer the 9mm Dr peri over the 6 mm Dr Grabow.
Our wooden pipes unscrew or pull apart at mid section. We have over (13) pipes, none have filters. We clean them with pipe cleaners (sold at Amazon) after every time it is used. If the bowl becomes impacted, use a pipe reamer or small pocket knife to scape it out. We also use teak wood oil to keep the wooden pipes polished and looking new. Hope this helps.
I found it really straight forward and easy to use. I think that with practice it would get easier, but out of the box was pretty easy. I recommend looking on youtube for some videos to give you some ideas. I bought it to airbrush some flower cookies, and I was really pleased with the added detail that the airbrush gave - Good luck!
You can set it to different psi depending on what you need to do ! I have found that I keep mine pretty low, around 30 - 35. I don't get as much aerosol of the color I am using. When I had it set higher there was blue everywhere. You can't see it but then when you wipe off your surface the cloth or sponge will be the color you used !
Not really very noisy, the noise level is the same as any other piston type compressor.
Plain water works fine, never used a cleaner on my unit (over a year) since I just use food color and not for paints...
Cant remember exactly but 8 of the basic colors like super black, blue, red, etc...plus a bonus gold shimmer.
Mine came with 8
there were 2 nozzles and I do not know what the difference between the 2 are. This product works quite well!
It would probably work with an adaptor, it is not a heavy duty machine. not sure what voltage you run on in Dubai? It is a great piece of equipment especially for the price!
One was enough for me. But I am also new and I have only airbrushed a four tier tree stump cake so far. I used the gravity feed brush and have not tried the siphon feed brush yet. I am very happy with this purchase and the results I got.
110v only, not auto-volt.
I orderered silver jewelry to make a braclet it tells you if its real on the jewelry. I ordered silvery chains and silver eagle pendents have not had any problems. Also Amozen would see you got a return. I have ordered a lot from amazon and had to return very few productsand always ease of returns. Just read the decscription make sure it does not say filled or plated and you will be fine. carol FiteMy Bracelet is beautiful.
Yes, it is.
Plated I would not purchase again discolored within a month. Find a solid sterling silver .925 this is not a good bracelet
I can scan my manual into a PDF file and send it to you. There not much to this manual. No electrical scematic.
The Gecko heat press has a 1 year warranty.
It opens to almost a 90degree angle. There is an adjustable knob on the top for thickness. Very easy to use
I have one too and the timer doesn't work. I quite working after a couple of months. Other than that, it seems to be holding up ok. I don't have a contact number but wish my timer wouldn't have stopped working.
I do inkjet transfer. Get my supplies from aasps.com. Good quality stuff.
35 - 45 lb
Are you asking me how much does it weigh?
I had to return the one i ordered because the heating element was not distributing heat evenly across the platen.
Yes
There are two other things to check...first is the timer control assy. If this fails to work you will get no heating. And the next and last would be the heating element. Do you use this alot? How old is your unit? Feel free to send me more questions if you need further help as I'm an power plant engineer by trade.
9-1/2" around the neck under the chin and 10-1/2" at the base.
21" around forehead. Let me know if this is the measurement you want. I love this mannequin. MMcC
Hello, and thank you for your question! :) The head measures around 21 inches in the middle and fits all of my hats nicely. The top measures around 19-20 inches. I hope this answer helps! :)
We're sure that was just a typo in response to the April 1 inquiry on the size of the tubes. The Mission Gold are 7 ml, and the Winsor & Newton come in three sizes - 5 ml, 14 ml, and 37 ml.
The colors are Chinese White Transparent, Lemon Yellow, Permanent Yellow Deep, Yellow Orange, Permanent Red, Permanent Rose, Rose Madder, Opera, Permanent Violet, Cerulean Blue, Cobalt Blue No. 1, Peacock Blue, Ultramarine Deep, Indigo, Viridian, Hooker's Green, Sap Green, Yellow Ochre No. 1 Transparent, Raw Sienna, Burnt Sienna, Burnt Umber, Red Brown, Vandyke Brown, and Ivory Black.
The Mijello website does not that silicon dioxide is not used in their watercolors, so there is a typo in the copy entry here.
Each tube us 7ml. For comparison, winsor newton artist grade watercolor tubes are .17ml.
I don't think so. The measurements are approximately 37-27-38.
Yes it does come in black as well, and yes you can sew on it as it is made entirely of foam making it fully pinnable. Here are a few links for the other colors: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00E4R7SQ4 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KC06B4C
Yes the measurements do correspond to an average size medium.
Yes i have this exact model with a black tripod stand as well. Here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KC06B4C
Yes this model is true to size!
Measurements on mine are: 37 x 26.5 x 37. I suppose it depends on where you are holding the measure. I eight 122 pounds and typically wear size 4 or XS or small. High end designer size 6 (old sizing scales). It works for me.
It's only in the middle for skirts. :(
This is a math question, not really an amazon one. 157.5 inches is 4.375 yards. That is just the length, though. Remember that the fabric is 60" wide (1.6 yards).
It's 60" wide as specified. It comes in a roll and is sold by the yard. I have yet to unwrap it as I'm waiting for the weather to cool down but I can tell that the length is as long as what you order. For example, if you order 10 yards, it will be 10 yards long of material.
It is not as thick as the horse blankets I am familiar with, but, that said, it is a strong, rugged material. I bleieve it would hold stitches well. I used fabric glue on my project. The worst part about it was the color....it was red red, not, burgandy red.
No, definitely not. I used it for a diaper bag.
I think it might be too light weight. It is waterproof but it isn't very heavy. It worked great for our wet purposes, but we didn't need for it to have strength to hold up under weight or pressure. Hope that helps. dhw
It is not fire retardant
If you order 6 yards, then it will be one piece that is 6 yards long. That is what I purchased and how it came in the mail to me.
....The poly s a co3ating on the cot ton . The poly is a coating on the cotton making this water repellant. I have used it for art aprons. It is very stiff. great for upholstery. I also made a child's barn that goes over a card table. Washes great, wipes off. Tough.
Yes
No, this would be a great fabric to use. My regular old Brother sewing machine had no problems sewing this material
If you order 3 in the quantity box, you will get 3 yards of fabric that's 60 inches wide. So, your fabric piece would be 108 inches long by 60 inches wide.
I m not sure if the fabric will be good for that. It does look and feel very strong. But I would not order it from the seller, b/c they charges me shipping and handling for each yard of the fabric I ordered , so for one piece of 4 yard they charged me over $19 and still have not refunded me Money. I orded it in May. I called Amazon , they said they will contact the seller and have not heard back since then. So I would not recommend buying from the seller.
It is a thick material but as far as blocking light im not sure. I use mine for outside to keep things dry and it works well. If ur looking for a type of curtain to keep lite out I bought the ones made just for the that, it has a thick liner on the back. Dont know if this helps but good luck!
In testing it means the fabric will shead water and have minimal pass-through. For truly waterproof you need a fabric that has something more than a DWR coating. Silnylon is this. This is what tents are made of. -rpm
It is definitely. green on 1 side, and it looks dark grey on other side.. Hope this helps
Absolutely, done it myself....
It is a thick fabric and rather heavy. Seems like it will be a durable fabric to withstand outdoor conditions.
Hi Peggy, The actual color is olive green. We fabricated outdoor shades with it six months ago and the material looks sound.
I think it would probably work okay for an outdoor cushion. I would probably leave the cover a bit loose, depending on the specific use.
Hi Marylou-Absolutely; I have an outdoor patio shade that is constantly exposed to the weather and, after six plus months it looks perfectly fine. The use for an outdoor tent would certainly be far more benign on the material than my application.
Mine was one piece - I ordered several yards.
I don't know the exact weight, but it is heavy. Our use...kayak cover!
It is a thick waterproof fabric. I used it to cover outdoor furniture cushions.
150 oz
I made a hammock out of mine and have only had it in the weather and sun for 6 months but so far no fading.
At the time I was in a size 3 pants and I'm about 5 3 .it was perfect size for me and it stretched if need be. I don't have measurements or anything hope it help.
Sorry! Only white color is available.
Hi, it is the adjustable size. There is a tie in the waist.
Would fit size 2 to 12
The design and length are different.
I think it would work.
Hi, the waist can be extended into 85- 90 cm.
It has 3 tiers just like the name says. It has hoops that are pretty bendy. I have mine now stuffed in a bag and it comes stuffed in one. Make sure you have time to air it out, it has a smell too it right out of the bag. It took a week for mine to smell better. It helped to make my wedding dress more full and not so close to the ground. I hope this helps.
I dont know what they are but Im a size M and it was small on me if I wore it down on my hips. That didnt look right with my wedding dress, so I moved it up higher and it fit better. Still a bit small, but a better fit. I hope this helps.
Hi, the waist can be extended into 80 cm.
not if it's like the one we purchased
Yes. The fabric in the hip area is very stretchy so it doesn't inhibit movement.
Hi, The waist can be extended into 85 cm.
No
It was easy to walk in until I put my dress on over it. It was not really the right style for my dress so I didn't wear it. I did sell it afterward and had positive comments from the buyer on EBAY
Yes, there's a metal ring in the hem. The fabric bunches, but no biggie since it's under a dress anyways.
The hoop is not designed to be removed but it can be done but with wire cutters after cutting a small hole in the fabric.
Hi, if you can place the order at sunvary online shop, it can be received in time for your wedding. You can contact us at amazon. Thank you!
There was no size on the one I ordered. I am a large size 14 and it fit me fine. I wouldn't get it if you are much larger than that size, but smaller would be fine as you can pull it smaller.
Elastic!
The bride that wore this was also quite petite and the length was fine. This slip was not as pictured as it only had 2 tiers and had overlay that was to the floor that made it less poufy than it looks in the picture. If your dress is made of a heavy material, this slip may not support it. Hope this helps.
Hello! There is a adjustable tie in the waist. So the size is adjustable. What's your normal size for formal dress?
The hoops are flexible, but a good hoop skirt shouldn't bend by an exorbitant amount. The trick to sitting down in a hoop skirt is to raise it up in the back just a little bit before you sit. Here's a link to a video of a woman named Jennifer Rosbrugh. She seems to have a pretty extensive knowledge of historical clothing, like hoop skirts, and some tips for how to maneuver the obstacles you may encounter. http://historicalsewing.com/how-to-sit-in-hoopskirt
We are afraid the size may not be suitable for you.
Nylon
I actually never received after three tries the correct slip however when I accidentally received the hoop it was all one piece. And watch out because once released that baby is like pulling the string on a life raft swoosh out it comes. Looked very well made and nice though. Great price also. Unfortunately, my daughter was Cosset in Les Mis not Scarlet in Gone with The Wind so we couldn't use it.
This slip has hoop.
Hello! This petticoat is size for all. There is a tie in the waist, so it will be adjustable for your waist.
There is only one size for this petticoat. There is a adjustable waist.
This lovely petticoat is 44 inches long measuring from the waistband. You can roll the waist or slid it down your hips to adjust length. The circular hoop is 36 inches across. My daughter wore it under her very full gown to hold the bottom of her gown out and away from her feet. The hoop held the gown out giving her space to walk without stepping on the hem. We saved a small fortune by not having to hem multiple layers of wedding gown.
The whole thing is cloth some tulle and nylon material it is a hoop skirt so it will open the dress/gown up nicely it also makes the gown very full looking it does it's job wonderfully it is very light as well
Yes it does. It works well with a-line dresses.
It is elastic so has some give. But it is probably better suited for smaller sizes...like size 4-8.
Mine doesn't have a size, but I'm around a 10-12 and it fits me fine.
They've got sharp prongs on the back, one on each side. You just punch it straight through the fabric and fold them in with either your thumbs or something harder. Make sure you press them as far up into the back of the stud as you can to make them stay in longer.
There's 4 :)
The color will not strip, just make sure you secure them really well. They have a tendency of falling off if not secure
Not to sure about the caps. They came individual squares so they might actually work if you were wanting to decorate each cap. We used them on pants and other clothes which turned out great.
This is to confirm that we currently mail from China via international airmail , which normally takes 10-20 business days.So your patience will be highly appreciated.
I am not sure it looks exactly like the picture I got it for my sister for Christmas.
I am not sure if it has a waranty, i dont believe so but I could be wrong. I can tell you that it is amazing and so easy to use
Approx. 10L x 8h x 6w (inches). Yes is sits on the table. But it vibrates and can shift, I find stays still better on a tea towel or placemat rather than a hard smooth surface like a counter.
Yes, the speakers are adjustable. If you use an edible paint with a pearl finish add some revellers or vodka to thin it.
You will need a transformer to use 220V, unfortunately.
Everything that was on the picture. The coloring, spray guns, compressor and book.
Waste of time purchase. Not even a quarter inch big or deep
I don't see why not. I used it for soap and they came out perfect. Molds are soft and squishy, meaning they're bendable to get out the object you are molding. Hope this helps.
It's made out of silicone not sure on the heat resistance on it. I use it for fondant and gum paste
Yes, it is possible. Just make sure to put in the freezer for a few minutes, like 10-15 minutes. Enjoy :)
I don't think it would work for jello. It is very small. To get the jello out I believe would be hard. DD
Oops, I am sorry the picture did not load and I thought you were asking about a different product. I used polymer clay in the mold and think the mold was rather too soft for harder clays. The clay would have to be very soft or you would have to use the mold for something like chocolate before it held its shape. I have not spent much time yet with this mold so I might not be the person to ask.
You set the pressure on the machine and set the timer you do not have to hold it down just pull it up when timer go off
I know I'm responding to this later than the others, but don't loosen the screws! You have to lift the handle first; I know, it's really tough, I had to get my dad to help me, but that really is the solution. Once the handle is lifted, you can turn to knob to adjust the pressure.
While I haven't used it with Avery or HP products, I would think that it does have the ability to do so. I currently use it for Rhinestones and Vinyl Transfer Sheets. It works incredibly well and cuts the ironing time to mere seconds.
When I got my machine, I turned it on, and was unable to set both the temp and the timer. It turned out it was simply broken. I ended up returning it and they sent me a replacement that works beautifully. It might just be defective.
No Avery fabric transfer paper will break apart lettering when expanded.
No it isn't Teflon coated but it does come with a separate Teflon sheet.
I use it for baseball. But they are cotton. I would think you could use this press for soccor. You would just have to adjust temp. Of it. Always use a Teflon sheet when pressing.
Not real sure if you can use it for tile I would say no because the heating unit dose not swivel so when you close the press its a possibly it wound not come down flat on the tile.but since I have not Tried it I do not know if it will or won't.
I just followed the instructions in the manual. I have my timer set at 9 seconds and it begins to countdown as soon I pull the handle down.
Yes. I just did a huge order ranging large to 2 xl both tees and Hoodies. Buy a couple of extra Teflon sheets. I have 3 so I can prep my next shirts when I'm doing front and back... but that's just me... and prepare to be a happy HTV addict!! :-)
I used my electric carving knife with no problems. The most difficulty is trying to keep the knife parallel or perpendicular to the foam.
I think it is rather firm. I also noticed that after sitting on it, it would spring back up like a tempurpedic mattress
Hi. The shipping cost is per piece. Actually it is going to be more expensive for us to ship it. Thanks
Hi. We won't charge you for trimming it down. Just order it and we will send your size. Thank you
Hi. You would need to order 5 pieces of 6 x26 x26 because we don't have the listing for those sizes. If you decide to order let us know so we will cut it to the sizes you need.
No there is not. It comes in a plastic wrapper. Once removed, it is just the foam. Hope this helps!
I do not know.
It's water based
Yes
No
The system itself can be used for t-shirts or whatever you wanted to airbrush as for the paint I would think you would want paint specific just for t-shirts etc.
These are hard to keep working. I would not buy another one.....sorry
Yes matt
hi paul. it came with 1 needle size .3 so i brought a .2 for finer detail lines. hope this helps
Yes....the trigger is on the top
Not with the airbrush tip that comes with the system. You would need a different brush that could handle the consistency of the makeup.
The compressor runs good but paint does splatter a little I bought a quick release with pressure adjuster for $2 , but could also be paint clogging , gonna try thinning paint or filtering it with like some kinda pantyhose material
Yes, I used it to replace the back cushions on my ecktorp Ikea sofa. It is very firm. For the seats you will need a thicker piece or double the pieces.
I don't think so. It is firm - for chair pad - but too soft to walk on.
I think 2 inches is not enough for sleeping, especially on plywood. I would recommend possibly 2 or 3 layers of 2" foam for sleeping.
Yes, but the staples do tear it a bit and do not hold super long from my experience. We stapled it to wood to hold it in place while we placed a nice vinal covering over it. We ended up stapling the vinal tight to the wood and the material kept the padding in place.
slotted carpet knife blade is thinner than utility blade or probably scissors will work on 2'' foam. Hope this helps
Hi. We can ship it by tomorrow. It will get there in 5 to 10 days. Maybe sooner.
Yes, This would be good for outdoor chairs, but I might try to get 3" thick for benches or 2 person swings, but that's just a personal preference. I don't think it's water resistant though, so I would use a more water-resistant fabric/scotchgard or bring it in out of the rain.
I used the high density foam on my dining chairs. They feel very firm, which I prefer. They have good support
Unless you seats are 12" wide I seriously doubt this will be long enough. I used the 72" for padding on a storage bench I built and I can't imagine 6 adults sitting comfortably side by side.
a high quality Chinese tool...none better imo
No, I am having the same issue.
Yes I have used this to etch glass and stainless steel and it works great and I would recommend this to any hobbiest
I'm not sure, but don't buy this! It's a piece of crap. It never actually worked and the piece that holds the grain broke off right away. It was barely glued on. Do yourself a favor and buy one from harbor freight tools!!
Some friends on the Internet use it for that. I haven't used mine as yet
Has to look at the compani, sure they have
I did have a hard time finding all the right adapter to connect to the hose I found it at auto zone then the rest I found at the hardware store. It does have a moistee trip in line as well.
220 grit for these..try auto parts store for a bigger bag
it is just the gun, you do need the compressor
Hi danejr, I believe this Airbrush has a 1/4" hose. If not you should be able to find an adapter at your local hardware store.
Hi Hamda, we can ship to dubai, our amazon store:http://www.amazon.com/shops/allforhome, seller: Allforhome
yes very flexable and very tiny when i purchased them i did not look at the size
I got this to work with candles in a similar process, letting the wax almost harden completely then dropping these small flowers unto them. Keep in mind, these flowers are tiny. Half an inch wide at best.
In all of the lots I have purchased, I haven't gotten any that size. There are more smaller size from the size of a pencil eraser and smaller. Raw stones on Amazon do come in larger sizes but need to be worked
Dime size would b roughly 10 carats there were a few but most range from 4&gt;half a carat but they were some nice stones
From the stones I received they have imperfections that only natural stones will have
Hi,yes we have Ravens, Dallas Cowboys and several others.
I'm pretty sure they're just a "run of the mill" rhinestones, but they do the job! The transfer was easy to apply and washes just fine. I was 100% satisfied and you can't beat the price point!
It measure approximately 6 3/4 x 4 1/2 finished. It does come with iron-on directions and was a breeze to apply. I ironed it on a red t-shirt and got tons of compliments. Washes perfectly.
Crafters Choice usually comes in a 2 lb tray, I have bought many varieties and like them all.
It's perfect!
Marilyn, cocoa is the main oil in the soap.
It's continious
cream to light beige, defintely not grey.
No, it does not stretch, it is pretty firm. I am not the distributor, just a customer.
Mediun gloss pear in color.
11/16" (0.6875")
Wow, I didn't count, and I don't remember if the package said. But at least 100, possibly 175. I used 32 right off the bat, and it didn't make much of a dent. I'm a costume designer for a small ballet company: I got one white, one black, and that should do me for a couple of years.
There are 144 suspender buttons per package. Thank you, Kathy
They can be placed in both locations. Depending on the style of clothes you are altering. Kathy
Nape to waist about 16 inches. Shoulder to Shoulder 17. Full top to bottom 27.
No... The width on all sides and the neck .. Shoulders/ chest ,stomach and hips... adjustable
Yes it is adjustable from 36" chest to 44" chest. Waist and hips too. Also has a neck to waist adjustment and a neck adjustment. Little wheels and gears spread the various parts. Having said that, it is difficult to adjust if one measurement is far out of proportion to another. Also I had to make mine as large as possible and the top neck part popped off and the whole thing collapsed. It's put together with clips and I managed to get it back together. Best used for someone who wants to set it to a particular size and then leave it alone, not for someone like me who needs multiple sizes for costuming. Also note that you get large gaps between the parts at larger sizes. I covered mine with a close-fitting tee shirt before using. It's not very robust and I could use a hardier version!
shoulder length 6.25. length from where shoulder meets neck to top of circular cutout mid-chest 10.25. length from shoulder tip to same point 10.5. (that point chosen because it's on the same piece) I think that gives you enough info to do the geometry! but you can always change the shoulder slope with a shoulder pad, at least to go higher
No
the sets are the same, the colors that are included are: 800-WHITE 339-NAVY 701-DK GREY 001-IVORY 665-DK NAVY 093- BLUE GREY 724 LT. BROWN 861-OLIVE GREEN 503-TAN 308- BROWN 000-BLACK 016 -RED 722-TAN 998- DK. BLACK 315-BLUE STEEL 912- WINE 040- GRAY 340-GREEN 195- BABY BLUE 012-BURGUNDY 391- LAVANDER 035-PEWTER 008- GREY 322- ROYAL BLUE 755- GUNMETAL
Yeah.
Yes! These are genuine Gutermann!
Each spool has 1094 yards/1000 meters of thread.
I called today and they told me it is #30.
I believe they are 1000 yards. It is definitely a lot.
No. 100% polyester. You Don't want to use cotton thread as it tends to shrink material when washed (we were told that by local sewing center).
The weight or "tex" of this thread is 30. It is strong enough for everyday sewing, but it is best suited for lighter fabrics.
They are a mixture of blues, greens, beige, there are some reds and whites and blacks also. Kathy
I received a whole bag with about a dozen of the buttons in it
They are 1 1/4 inches diameter
Same size than the original ones, boght them to replace the lost buttons on my pea coat 1 1/4" they are exactly the same
No sure about the L. but they are 1 inch.
It replaced my Navy Issue buttons. They have not changed in design since WWII, but the material is plastic and but Bakelite as it would have been in the 40's.
what are the dimensions of this item
Sorry about the confusion with the picture of the kit. Angelus decides what colors they put in the kit. A year or so ago they changed the colors of the kit. The colors listed in the bullets are the colors that come in the kit not what is pictured. We have submitted a new picture to Amazon but it has not been changed in their system yet.
This paint is truly awesome! I have been using this for years. I use it on leather of course but it looks awesome and adds weight and volume on canvas. I would only caution you on man made synthetic leathers... needs more drying time and can stay tacky. Other than that... Enjoy!!!!!
I don't know
Absolutely! I use it on Timberlands all the time.
I have used mine in the house and have had no problems with fumes.
I feel that's a true statement. ..u don't have to do extra coat on leather
It has a simi-gloss finish - which I have covered with a weather proofing for my knife case...
You will need a few coats
We use the most economical option at the time, usually it's USPS, but occasionally UPS.
Using sealant is always a good idea. This helps lock in all color and prevents water and other damage
I think it would. The fabric was a lot heavier than I thought it would be. I used it to make spats for a costume and so far (even after 5 uses and a rain storm) it has held up really well. I do recommend Scotch gaurd to keep it nice though
I call it an upholstery grade thickness. Not as heavy as a Suede Jacket would be, but not as thin as the material in a shirt. It is very strong . Hope this helps.
I'd say it's micro suede because I tested a piece by washing it and it came out perfect. Couldn't have done it with suede. It's quite heavy, which was just what I needed. Looks very rich on chairs. It does not stretch, though, which was fine with me. The thin version of micro suede usually has some give.
Right and wrong side
I tested a sample of the light blue in the washer and it came out after drying with the nicest drape and feel and no ravels. This stuff is great!
Yes... Stretches very well.
no
Just select the quantity of 8 yards. I will send you one piece of 8 yards. Then you can cut it. We welcome your order. Thanks
Hi. Yes it is available. Want a sample? Send us your address and quantity you may need.
Hi. Yes it will hold it together. We welcome your order. Thanks
Each
No, it's not stiff and if your making shamaballa bracelets it pretty good for that. It's not dry like hemp
Yes, I use this to make shamballa bracelets and that involves macrame. Hope this helps! :)
You really just have to take your time..I don't think there it's a way. I had a problem with them getting tangled..i just measured and cut what i needed..I'm sorry that i didn't have a better answer
I'm not sure what Chinese knots are, but it works beautifully for macrame knots.
Yes I feel it is safe.
the size is 1mm cord. It's great. I love it.
Yes it did. And it arrived rather quickly as it was coming from China.
I use them with my husk Varna machine however some of the brother machines are picky. Check with your dealer he may be able to give you a better answer
Yes I had the 20 first and used them. I traided up to the 30 because of the cutting threads. I do like the 30 better.
I have a Husqvarna Designer Ruby and they worked fine for me.
I'm not to sure I use them for my designer Ruby the bobbins are wonderful though
Hi Angel, the Viking Diamond Deluxe will accept L type bobbins. So the answer is yes. Thanks Smartneedle.
Yes. Correct
The texture is great but I don't think the fabric would be durable enough for daily use furniture.
it is between white and gray shiny fabric it was very nice we used it to make shelves with the fabric and pillows
Yes
Unfinished edges. I bought this and the table cloth and they are the same exact fabric but the tablecloth version has finished edges. Both a great buy.
I used mine for a craft project; however, the black parts are velvet, so they should wash however velvet is typically washed.
The black part is a velvet but the white part in my opinion is slightly has a shine it makes a really pretty dress or even great for curtains or used as a upholstery project it's a great frantic for a good price in my opinion usually I found them at around 5 dollars and up hope this helps
the fabric is 58" wide and you order as much as you want by the yard...so you can order 10 feet which is 3.33 yards
is about 58'' by 37''
Dear Customer Yes always continous Murano
No as bad as some that I have seen, but care and parental guidance is still needed. My grandsons had a blast with these.
This set is an assortment, we can not guarantee there will or will not be neon colors in an individual box.
I counted the red, black, and another color. They all had fifteen of each. From looking at the rest it looked like they were all about fifteen of each color. Very good selection of colors also. There are ten different colors in my box
Just standard long pipe cleaners!
I get all my crafting ideas off of the internet. I do mainly kids crafts with my daughters so I search kids craft with pipe cleaners and you'll get a ton of ideas. Hopefully this will help.
Hi Cheryl. The box I ordered had a few examples on a sheet inside. Sorry yours didn't. You can go online, though, and find some ideas. Here are 3 of the sites I found. (parents.com/kid/chenille stem craft ideas) (ehow.com/pipe cleaner craft ideas) (artistshelpingchildren.org/pipe cleaner crafts for kids) Good luck! Sandy
Hi Malia. Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize for any confusion with the incorrect picture shown. The size for this canvas is in fact a 24x36. Please let us know if we can assist you any further.
Canvas can be used for both Acrylic and oils. Normally acrylic prepared canvas works for both oils and acrylic. I use this product for my high end paintings and it works beautifully.
yes
no
Yes it is
I have used acrylics, very watered down acrylics, and alcohol inks on these canvases and all have worked very well. For the price, they are excellent for practicing. Although I have not used watercolors myself, I would say they would be suitable.
We do not have these panels in black.
Not sure.... I turned A pack of 2-6 year old lose on these canvases with tempura and finger paint and had no issues. Canvas is pretty thick, but we didn't put any kind of markers anywhere near the wild kid-beasts, lol....
Clear glass. Mine had a chip in it upon arrival, but it's not enough of an issue for me to bother returning it.
Yes.
It's mostly matte, very smooth and professional... it doesn't look "cheap" or "glossy", it looks very well made and classy...I love mine! :)
Unfortunately my supplier does not offer custom size services.
Yes of course here is the link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A7WU3IK
I don't the weight in lbs - check the shipping weight in product description. It is very light, you can easily lift the whole mannequin with one hand/arm.
This specific model is a standing only pose, but i do sell sitting poses as well in egghead style and realistic! Check out these links: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HMU6S8O http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0E28PE http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HMU77J8 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HNFIPNY http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C0E0T0U
The arms and wrists on this model do rotate up and down but are not flexible therefore they cannot bend. I do sell many other styles in this mannequin line with the arms and legs in many different poses.
Yes you can display slacks on this model.
When I got my eBosser I got the two thick white plates and two thinner plates, these are called A, B, C and D. Then there was a rubber pad and a magnetic plate for the thin die cuts. As I understand it, this is the package you will always get with the machine. I also got 3 or 4 embossing folders because my set was called a "bundle" ( I believe). Or these are available online also separately. I sure have gotten a lot of use out of my eBosser. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it! It is my favorite item for card making. Being able to cut out 4 flowers, different sizes, different papers (simply cut paper to size first and place them all on the magentic sheetz) is wonderful. They also say to get an extra A plate, which I did. I haven't used it yet and I have had my machine since April 2013. Mine is cut up, and curved slightly, but it still works and I will continue to use it until it cracks apart. That's what I did with my Cuttlbug plate. I have friends who have many of the larger embosser machines, and none compare to this one! I made over 200 cards in two weeks before Christmas and many of them have die cut or embossed items on them that I did on my eBosser.
The machine comes with an instruction booklet. It includes the different plate "sandwiches" that should be used with the various dies. I followed the instructions as well as watching videos on youtube, and had no problem using the eBosser. I love it.
Hi Maureen, unless they change the content of boxes, when I ordered both of my machines, both came with all the plates ready to use. So yes, it comes ready to use. This machine is so easy to operate, it also comes with a page or two on how to layer properly for best cut. I hope this helps!
E-mail the company Craftwell, I actually just had to do the same for a different problem, they were extremely helpful. I love this machine it's incredible and I told them so, they were ready to check it out. Try it you have nothing to lose. Good luck!
Well, I have used Sissix and Spellbinders. Sometimes you doi need to add some extra shims but it does work. I really does make this easy. The large plate sizes are good because you can use several sizes of dies and embossing folders. You can also place several dies at one (depending on their sizes). I really like mine. -You can watch videos on YouTube for use ideas.
Yes, as well as instructions on how to use them all.
It weight 15.6 pounds alone you may add the plata forms for a toal of 17 ponds without the packeging
I have 2 Ebosser machines, Both were purchased 1 year apart, I never had this problem. I am not a pro on the way it is constructed inside, although we have opened the first machine up to see how it was made. Simple curiosity. Perhaps it is a manufacturer defect...I would write to Craftwell and ask them. They answered our questions when we needed help. Good luck
Alll the literature on the internet says it will cut metal BUT it does not say the weight. I know it will cut 6 layers of aluminum foil. I guess the answer is not straight forward..has to be..how heavy of a metal. Nice little machine.. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I have not had this issue. I do "flip" my plates though so that I use all sides of the top plate that the die cuts into. Think it is my "A" plate on top that I am flipping with ever few cuts. And that way I get a newer cleaner surface to have the die cut into. My machine did work well out of the box but sometimes a thin sheet of paper between C and D plates may "shim" it if you have thinner dies. Good luck!
About the size of a quarter. Good petal definition. I also found that freezing the mold and fondant for a few minutes is very helpful. Good luck!
Yes you could. I do it all the time with chocolate and it works.
we use it for candles and homemade soap ... im sure if your patient it will do some awesome chocolate roses - just make sure they are completely solid before you try and get them out ...they would make a good rose fore cakes im sure
No cream cheese is too soft. You can use candy hope this helps
I Dont know, sorry
My son tried this as he does all our chocolates....it's not an easy task, & personally I don't like the shape once finished. If you want a nice rose, really simple to do use modeling chocolate & a petal cutter, looks fantastic & really gorgeous when done. Join SugarEdProductions & you can learn alot, find tools, free tutorials etc, a lot of us belong.
usually the international shipping will takes about 10-25days
I didn't. I used it only to mold fondant. I makes beautiful roses that release easily.
Yes you could.
I would not.
Unfortunately this item is not posable and can only be used as pictured.
I have her in generally 8 and 10, and I have to pin the clothes a lot, I would guess 4 and 6 would be ideal. But remember, she is tall, so clothes for tall women is best.
Yes this model comes with a steel base.
The arms and wrists on this model can rotate and can be taken off. If you were looking for a different pose i do sell many other poses in this model!
I bought one of these and it did arive in a box of its own, suitable for gifting or using to protect the book. It has the manufacturer's logo and on the front and looks like it's probably what you're asking about. Hopefully it is shipped this way regardless which seller you go with.
That is exactly what this album is for. As the description says, it has "traditional cardstock pages with semi-transparent sheet between each page". This means the pages are blank pages of thick cardstock paper. You have to attach the pictures to the pages with either adhesive, tape, or photo mounts. Hope that helps. :)
50 pages. But your able to use front and back on them too if you want. The pages are very thick.
No, they're sewn into the spine, like a book.
I gave this item as a gift to my brother to scrapbook family history. I can't say I know much about graphics or what she would put in there, but it seems to me it was somewhere in the neighborhood of 8X10. It did appear to have plenty of pages with dividers between which gave it a very nice finished look so if she were to use it as a portfolio for her work, I would think it would provide a good presentation.
The pages are 9 inches tall by 13 inches wide. They are very nice and thick.
Hello Edwin, We do not offer personalization services for our products at this time. If you would like the leather monogrammed, it can certainly be done inexpensively by taking the album to your local engraving shop. Thanks, and have a great day.
Photo Corners! Just like the old timey albums! http://smile.amazon.com/Canson-Self-Adhesive-Photo-Corners-Black/dp/B0018N83K2/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1412728295&sr=8-2&keywords=photo+corners
I would guess so, the leather is thick enough.
Yes, you should have more than enough space. 4 4x6 photos fit on each page. 6 4x4 photos fit on each page. 1 8x10 will fit in a page.
Yes, that's correct. If you enter qty 2 or 3 we will send you 140cm x 200cm or 140cm x 300cm respectively. You can purchase any qty you require.
The width is 140cm. It is sold by the metre, please select the quantity you require and we will cut from the roll to the length you have requested. Kind Regards Prestige Fashion UK Ltd
The material is only 54 inches wide
Width is 140cm and Yes its sold by the Metre. All fabrics are cut from the roll and sent in one continues length
Hi, The objects are approx 10cm. Width of the fabric is 140cm. The fabric is sold by the metre, all fabrics are cut off the roll and sent in a continues length.
Needle to machine is 81/2 and the opening is 6 inches tall
I use about one drop of oil in each oil hole about once week, more often if I am sewing a lot everyday, maybe once every three days. If you have oil showing up on your presser foot, you are probably using too much, also, too much oil and it can leak out of the buttons for cutting and up,down needle.
Standard foot, walking foot, hemming foot, zipper foot, and two sizes of free motion quilting feet! I love this machine! :-)
Yes you can use regular thread. And you can bring this machine to any sewing store which service sewing machine.
I got that same warranty with my machine and mailed a registration in. I am very satisfied with my machine.
When you are taking out the case with the bobbin inside, you are holding the case by an open latch. Close the latch back unto the case, and the bobbin should come out easy. If it doesn't then something maybe is wrong.
Yes it is included. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet.com
I'm not sure about the babylock jane - and it's capabilities, but I know the Juki does a great job on the fleece. Follow the recommended settings, and you should do fine.
Mine does not sounds like something is off. I'd try cleaning both sets of tension discs and rethreading
I don't want to knock knock-offs. This Jukii is much the same design as the old Brother 1500. In fact, in the old days, Juki made them for Brother. However, I have a friend who has the Pfaff knock-off of the Juki 2010Q but it doesn't have the three speeds. She always wants to use mine for free motion quitting. I like having the speed choices. Now that Juki is making home sewing machines (they used to just do commercial ones), they may not want to make the others exactly identical to their own.
Item Riley Blake Chevron Medium Navy is perfect for apparel.
I'm sorry I don't remember.
45 inches wide, pattern runs length of bolt. Beautiful fabric, excellent quality, hand & weight. I used it for a crib bumper & accessories.
Length of bolt
I went to Michael's and bough page re-fills form the scrapbook section and they worked out perfect.
Two
12x12 pages. It comes with 10 pages. I usually add 10 additional pages. To complete my wedding book.
I've only ever mixed it with resin which turn out quite well, i do have a paint product as well which i discovered is simply the powder in a translucent once dry paint but the powder was gritty not dissolved in the paint which is how I found out, so I'm not sure if it would actually disolve, though you have my interest, I make fairies that glow and a snow globe type of trinket would be very interesting, I believe I will do some mixing this afternoon and relate my findings
I mixed it with a transparent cel vinyl medium and the glow was still really vibrant, but I handed the project off within days, so I'm not sure how permanent it was. Also, it is VERY gritty, so I ended up with something that felt like sand mixed in watered down glue. It was impossible to paint a smooth even surface with this stuff. I think I would have had better luck applying it the way kids apply glitter to their craft projects (sprinkle over the glue and then shake the rest away). In other words, the grains are not fine and they did not 'dissolve' in the transparent medium. The grains sink to the bottom and you have to keep stirring and kind of spackling it on. Not easy to work with at all, but it does give a very very vibrant glow.
All the day time colors are the color you see glow at night.
Yes, it works very well in resin.
Mine came in a snap top bottle, similar to the ones that paint by number paints used to come in.
It is meant to mixed into glue. Try clear fingernail polish on your nails.
It's kind of heavy so it might stay suspended in the soap but I mixed it into resin and it sunk to the bottom but it might work if you repeatedly mix or shake the soap
it is just a powder and I didn't mix it with anything. we used it in a fairy jar :)
I doubt it will glow bright enough. There has to be ZERO ambient light to be able to see the glow from this paint.
I have used it with craft paint and painted tops of wooden stumps for decoration but it doesn't last long. I think the heat and direct sunlight is what causes the issue. But that was also craft paint so that could be it also
Yes and this color doesn't glow very well.
my nail tech mixed it with the acrylic powder she uses for my nails
it was used to mix in with acrylic for my nails, worked wonderfully
I bought it thinking so. I have not tried it yet.
This wire is 24 gauge round half hard sterling silver wire.
It doesn't say on the package but I would guess it is 22 or 24 gauge (when compared to my others) :)
This wire is made of sterling silver which is .927 Regards, Bob
I believe this is 24 gauge, but I will have to search my loot and make sure.
No it's not 20 gauge. I searched for 20 gauge and purchased this wire based on the search. Had to reorder the right gauge.
The other poster stated that this is 24 gauge. I do not know if 12 gauge 1/2 hard is available.
No but it does have fairly normal lobes so you could probably drill holes to pierce them.
Yes. They rotate from a high wrist position. The fingers are separate and can accommodate gloves. The right hand fingers are curled a bit which might make it harder to get gloves on but it should be possible.
Im sorry but the wig is used for illustration purposes and is not for sale.
Yes the head does rotate left to right but not up and down.
Im sorry but my supplier just does not offer that service.
Standard weight sewing thread. Good quality thread on small spools. Does not break or snap easily. The colors are vivid and a greay variety.
The stylus is used with iPads and other tablets. Have no idea why they included it with thread. Just a freebie.
Apparently, you plug this thing into an Iphone and you can manipulate the screens. I have no idea why this would be included with a package of thread, however. Kind of weird. I mean, wouldn't a packet of needles or a tape measure or something actually related to sewing be more practical?
There is an attachment that should have came with your sewing machine that keeps the thread on the spindle. There should be a little one and a big round one. You must use this to keep the thread on the spindle. If you dont have one, you should purchase one to get the most out of sewing.
Just under 2.5 inches
I am assuming you mean sergers, and the answer is no. Sergers need a special heavier thread. I did find these threads to be of quality and I love the colors but you need a different kind, do a search for serger thread.
Although I haven't personally tried it for quilting I would recommend this thread. It's great for the price and I haven't had any issues with it in my machine.
I live in the USA as well. I don't know where to purchase an adapter. The spools fit my Brother machine and I have not had any issues.
I have used it for both and it works fine.
Shannon, these are very minimally pliable. Best used on flat surfaces.
You do not need tools. They are like stickers. They are attached to a plastic sheet and are easy to peel off. Once you stick them to the bottle cap, they will stay unless you really try hard to peel them off. They will especially stick to paper.
Yes. I've personally used these on regular and flat bottle caps with no issues.
No, these are clear so you will still see whatever it is under the clear epoxy sticker.
It's to cover the final image. What you use to stick your image to the bottle cap depends on your project. I use hot glue, rubber cement, elmers, or even mod podge.
They are clear. They have a rounded profile at the top to provide relief, but they do not provide a solid convex 'dome.' I thought they worked well for the bottle cap craft that I used them for.
Dear, Thank you for your question. It usually takes about 7-15 business days to arrive. Not a month or more. Thank you. Best Regards, Lizhi
There are multiple sellers of this product, some of the sellers have opted in for Prime seller and others have not. To find a prime seller click here:
Hi Grace, There are multiple sellers selling this item. Some companies ship from HK or China. Our items (sold by Hip Girl Boutique LLC) are in Amazon warehouse which is located in US. Thanks Michelle
I ship from the US and usually the same day!
It has a plastic tray inside. No pin cushion. I really do like it alot!
Yes that was the one I received but I believe there is a chance you might get a different pattern sent or you might get this one. Good box though. My mom likes it.
No spindles ; (
12 1/2 inches long; 9 1/2 inches wide; 6 inches deep
No, empty
The bottom section is deep and could probably hold 80 to 100 smaller sized spools if you layered them on top of each other. The top tray is not as deep and is sectioned. I don't use it for thread but you possibly could. I use it for pins, needles, measuring tape, buttons etc. I love the sewing basket. It looks beautiful and holds all of my supplies. Hope this helps.
No it does not...
It is very sturdy and solid. It has weight to it (about 2 pounds.) It holds my heavier bracelets and cuffs perfectly. It wont topple over. You can load it with whatever you like and it wont disappoint.
The fingers are really close together and oddly shaped but might be fine for cloth gloves to slip on and off.
No this exact model, but i do have a few similar models in black: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BYD35Q8 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00HYKB4DG
Sorry I have the right hand also.
No, but it is pretty sturdy so u can layer a few items in between the fingers...
Im sorry but i do not have this exact model in color black.
About 10 links per inch, I use it for necklaces. Might be too small...depends on size of doll. Prob ok for Barbie size.
Although the links are small, I was able to use the chain for charm bracelets with small toggle and lobster clasp. So I believe the answer to your question is yes. Peace & Blessings!
5-6 links.
I'm sorry. I don't know.
No, it is not on a roll and not precut in any lengths.
No answer was given
I bought it through someone else but it was the 32 feet for $2.47
Approximately 9 :)
It was used to make a vest out of heavy cotton duck fabric. Handled it with ease. This machine replace a Singer model that couldn't handle it. Hope this helps.
The model I own just says 120v on the back.
Yes you can. I have the machine and the free motion foot included. Please let me know if interested. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
It is low. Thanks Sammy sewingmachineoutlet
No it doesn't but you can buy one
Yes
it is very light maybe 7lbs
No I did not receive a soft cover. I got a quarter foot instead.
Massachusetts although the company is Japanese
Hi Donna, If you go to Janome.com it tells you what feet it comes with. Thanks, Scott
I'm not sure, but I don't think so. I got it for chipboard but the chipboard I bought was too thick.
I do not believe it works w/Explore. But here's one that I know does: http://www.amazon.com/Cricut-Explore-Deep-Blade-Housing/dp/B00I00RASM
Yes it does. I ordered one about 3mos ago. Works great on chipboard too.
Mindy, Once you remove the deep cut housing from the machine it's very easy to replace the blade. You need to first take the housing out and then the blade screws in and out. You unscrew the housing to get the old blade out. Then out the new blade in and your back to crafting :)
It should fit. THe description says ti fits all Cricut machines. My wife has the newer machine and it works great with her machine. I mother-in-law has the older machine and I believe she uses this type of blade as well.
I have heard you can with a special casing. I haven't tried.
I actually use three blades. My deep cut is for fabric cutting so I don't use it for paper. You probably could but I would not go any deeper than 1 for regular cardstock.
No. As always, I tried....the housing pushes the deep blade a little further out. Shop around for the housing. Remember Joanns has a 50% off coupon and a 40% off coupon. These are on full price items. Michaels has 40% off on sale items occasionally. Amazon has great prices and offers links to other vendors such as BIC warehouse. I usually shop online! I love my Cricut Expression 2&#128522;. Always use what is recommended so not to be disappointed.
i used in paper maybe another person use in in cake thank you for your question
YES
You need to scroll down to the Product Description - Product Description - Janome Sewist 500 Sewing Machine With 5 Year Extended Warranty w/FREE BONUS PACKAGE Bonus Included Accessories: Janome 1/4" Seam Foot, Janome Size 12 Needles, FREE Janome Bobbins 10pc. Standard Included Accessories: Overedge foot C, Zipper foot E, Blind hemming foot G, Buttonhole foot B, Automatic buttonhole foot R, Needles, Bobbins, Screwdriver, Lint brush, Seam ripper (buttonhole opener), Quilting guide, Spool holder (large), Spool holder (small), Additional spool pin, Felt cushion
I do not know the exact weight, but it is designed to carry around. We have been buying this machine for a number of years to raffle for our fire department fund raiser. We make a quilt every year also and the women who are quilters really like this machine. It can be carried from home to where we do our quilting.
Yes
does not matter who sells the machine, mechanical parts warranty stands, just keep your dated receipt and fill out and return your warranty card, if you did not receive a warranty card contact the manufacturer or Amazon
You can stop sewing with the needle in the down position or move the wheel to where the needle is in the down position. This can be useful sometimes when doing corners or fine detail. The machine does not make nearly as much noise as my 1970s Singer and seems to have more power. I use it to patch and repair our favorite old jeans and it handles the heavy material well.
I have not have to change my bulb yet, but you would find them at a local sewing machine shop, someone that sells Janome's in your area, you might even try a fabric store that sells sewing machines. I hope I have helped Good luck:)
The presser foot is one of the higher ones, and it has sewn multiple layers (possibly even 4). This of course depends on the thickness of each, but it can handle more than usual.
The sheet I received with my machine says "Sew Vac Direct Warranty" on top, so I'd say SewVac.
I bought the machine for my daughter. However, I do know she purchases her machine needles at JoAnn's Fabrics and from Nancy's Notions, a mail order source.
Yes it does. White hard case
Yes. I put them in a weighted blanket that does get washed often.
It depends how full you're making them. I'd get 15 lbs to be safe.
I'll have to say no on this one. They are a bit heavy and pricey to go in the direction of a footstool. They are also slippy and small and would roll oddly to the side. If you mean to have a wooden footstool with some type of upholstery cushion on the top, I would go for heavy cotton batting under a heavy fabric, tacked down. These are not the kind of pellets to make large beanbag chairs either.
I am not sure but I believe they are non toxic. I don't recall seeing any warnings on the packaging.
Yes
Depends on how big of a bottle you're making; but for an I Spy bottle I think it would be better to just use dry rice, cheaper and just as effective. Plus you can color rice if you want to and make it prettier.
Cathy, I would not recommend the plastic pellets for bean bags..you would need many Pds to fill an xl beam bag..it would be too heavy to lift once filled all the way. Look into actual bean bag fillers.
Yes, definitely. That is why I bought the item, and it worked fine.
I just now gave them the float test. I was surprised, but they did indeed float on the surface of the water, even after stirring.
They are very small, about 1/8 to 1/16 inch hard plastic pellets. Thus, 5 pounds is not a very big bag as they are dense.
No
there are 3 different stitch lengths. i havent tried or even wanted to move the needle tgo the left or right of center.
Yes.
I purchased the Janome case also and the machine with its accessories in the case weighs 13 1/2 pounds.
It covers the normal factory items to my knowledge. I have had this over a year and it still sews great. I have a larger Memory craft that I have owned for 10 years with never a problem, so that is why I was sold on this smaller one to use for classes and meetings. The only thing I would recommend is that if you like to use the large spools of thread with the wider openings to get a spool stabilizer. It seems to help with the tension and it does not bounce around........
Hi, there are 3 stitch lengths , a small, medium and long. there is no indication what the sizes are per inch...but the medium is what I use for most of my projects, the large is more of a basting stitch and the small for fine and small areas. I hope this helps/ It is a great machine... Christine
i like the middle stitch.
The throat space is 5 3/4".
No
Uses a standard sewing machine light bulb.
I logged onto Amazon's site in an effort to see exactly what you were asking. The two sewing machines are exactly the same. The only difference is in the description. And, if this is a present time (November 27, 2013) question, the one with the "FullSize Freearm Sewing Machine, 860 SPM & Free Bonus Package" description will give you a package of sewing needles and some extra bobbins. But other than the free goodies the machines are exactly the same. I would go with the one with the bonus package, not only for the bonus package but because the seller for the bonus package machine has better reviews than the seller selling the stand alone machine.
Yes.
Yes ,Janome makes a walking foot for this machine .even feed foot with quilting guide .for oscillating hook models.5mm maximum witdth .
Hi Nancy, It is 7" and if you have any further questions feel free call toll free at 1-800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. Thanks, Scott
No, it appears to be a specialized incandescent bulb.
Hi Deborah, No they are not
No! It is a basic model but it sews beautifully.
There are extra needles and 10 bobbins as well as a plastic, fitted cover for the machine. There may have been more...scroll down the page on the machine's Amazon listing to read about the extras. The various stitches are controlled with dials on machine itself.
It comes with a vinyl cover
This machine doesn't have an embroidery function.
If by thread locking you mean a way to hold the thread end like the crevice on some that pinches the thread or bases that snap to hold loose end, no these spools do not. I'm happy with the thread and have used almost every color but I do have threads dangling all off of the spools.
No
About 2-3 inches, these are the shorter size.
Thread is "universal" so to speak
Reading off of the spool label it says: threadsRus On the bottom of the spools it reads: 100% Poly Embroidery Threads, 40wt 1100yards
Hello, These are 100% Filament Polyester thread 40wt. Best Regards, Abby
63 colors
APS responded to my e-mail: 100% filament polyester thread.
Sadly, no I bought the one inch and that is what I received.
Yes
Yes
Yes, it is!
White, but not snow white. Maybe a lt. cream white, not white white.
I would say no. We used it to redo our dining room chairs. Definitely not enough cushion for automotive use.
It is somewhat firm...with a finger point you can compress to 3/4" but with a distributed load (palm of hand spread out) it would take a concerted effort to compress to 1".
No, it didn't have and smell and has held it's shape. I also purchased padding for bed , which did not have a smell.
This foam is fairly dense for it's 2" thickness. Not like memory foam. It will compress to about half it's thickness if you push down hard on it.
The best thing is an electric meat cutter. It cuts it very easy. Use a table edge as a guide
The one I got was 2 inches thick.
Sorry we don't do custom cuts. Just that size
I am sorry I do not know. I used mine to line a new guitar case. But it might do the trick. This is mot light duty stuff.
Dont know if they pre cut it or not. I cut my own when i redid some seat cushions. It cuts really easy with an electric meat cutter
It's like any foam form. It it gets wet it holds water like a sponge. Please cover it with waterproof material to avoid mold and water damage.
It is the size of the deminsions
The 3" thickness is comfortable, plus pliable enough to fold. I think you would like the results.
Yes you can. Send us the order and we will cut it to size.
You also need to know how wide the chairs are.
It can be cut but the thicker the foam the harder it is because of the bulk. I use scissors when I can and a sharp razor blade or Stanley knife for the thicker stuff. I'm sure there's some sort of tool upholsterers use but I don't have one of those.
I wouldn't if you mean putting it directly on the floor of a tent without any covering
I used a very thin plywood piece cut to size as a base to this and stapled the upholstry fabric to it. Worked well. Search online for videos on how to do it. It is quite easy.
I would get 3 save yourself the headache.
The foam is quite dense. It is not exactly soft...it's more a firm cushion. Also...it is only about 2" thick. Not sure if it would work for a couch. I used it for a window seat which worked really well.
google it...I think you use a knife or blade with a level as a straight line
It will work but you might have issues if it gets wet
It works good for outdoor furniture, but personally, I wouldn't use it for indoor furniture (comfort) as it is really stiff/hard. I agree with the other posts, I would go with a softer (less dense) version.
Yes it would make a nice seat on top of a toy box. I made a cushion for the top of a window seat. It is very nice foam.
Can't answer your specific question -- but it is amazing stuff. Made my living room oversized chair into a new chair -- no longer sags and is amazingly comfortable. Also use this stuff to block drafts in my windows. Saves a ton of money.
Sorry we don't make custom cuts
will 6" fit in the space you have? are you replacing foam with foam, or was the original material foam? It is firm, but I used it on a love seat, and it worked well, because the original material was quite like it.
If you cut it to fit the correct length and width the 4-inch thickness will fit in the 3.5-inch just fine.
Mine came in a plastic transparent bag. It was rolled to fit.
Yes
Hi. We only sell the foam size on the listing. You may calculate how many pieces of foam you might need and then order it. Thanks
harder than that. It's quite firm, which is perfect for the (human occupied) seat I used it on....
I don't know if you can buy that size, but you can get three cushions if you buy this one. just use an electric knife to cut it.
Hi we can cut to size but I don't have the listing. What I would recommend is that you order 2 pieces. One of 4 inch and one of 3 inches of the same size. Then I would know that you want a 7 inches. If you give mebthe order send a message so I know is you and I will send you a piece of 7 x 24 x 72. Thank you
It is much firmer than I thought it would be, and should outlast the upholstery. This is high quality dense foam.
I used a large kitchen knife.
Hi. You can order the 5 x30 x72. Then we can cut it to size.
Hi. Amazon is in charge of shipping charges. We actually pay more to ship it. Thanks
24 inches
Hi Michael. The foam is vacuum to the smallest in size it can became to minimize shipping costs. We use a vacuum to pull the air out. We welcome your business.
It's a bit rough on the outisde (not smooth like bubble-wrap) so I'm guessing it's open cell (99% confidence). Either way, it's pretty comfy. Cheers!
This die will not work with the go! baby.
It will not fit on the Sizzix big shot because the die is too wide.
it cuts each strip in the correct lengths for each round
they are about 1.5 inches wide and end up about an inch after seaming
I lay 3 different colors on the block. The measurements are the same on the left as the right. You will use more of the "background color". But in one cutting of the background color you will get 2 halves of the log cabin. Try it out with just 3 colors first then you will see. Or cut 3 or 4 basic colors to be interchangeable in the basics. It will come together.
i never see it turn off without me doing it
This happens to me every once in a while. I just tap the scale itself so it has to recalculate the weight. I go with what it first comes up with. Also make sure your scale is out of the way of direct airflow. I have had that cause problems for me before too.
No weight is included. It is fairly accurate out of the box. I've tried with 100g with and readings vary from 99.99-100.05 in my testing.
Mine was pretty well calibrated (within .02g for the 500g weight). It really depends on how accurate you want it to be. It is not "self calibrating". A set of calibration weights will help keep your scale as accurate as it can be.
The scale shows accuracy in the grains mode to the tenth (example : 456.8). The other modes are : grams (example : 340.34) to the hundredths. ounces (example : 4.987) to the thousandths. troy oz (example : 9.483) to the thousandths. dwt (example : 1.24) to the hundredths. ct (example : 2.33) to the hundredths.
do I need a set of calibration weights to calibrate it?
Hi! The paper is 5 1/2 by 8 1/2 inches. Thanks! Anita Smith
Yes this is tissue paper.
5 1/2" x 8 1/2 ( or just shy of 8 1/2")
64 patterns in eight colors and each has two sheets
yes but they are not identical on both sides.
Dear Customer, These are slightly glossed, so they are not recommended for printing. Thank you.
8x11 i believe
It's incredibly adjustable, I've used it about 15" apart before, but I've also used it at a wider stance. I highly recommend this easel! It's incredibly lightweight, portable, and adjustable to almost any point.
I'm using it as a drawing easel with 28 x 24 inch charcoal paper pad. It should support a flip chart but the top holder wont clamp at 34" (too big)
I would guess roughly 5 lbs. I would recommend it for displaying only. If you want to actually do work on it I suggest getting something with more weight and overall strength.
Its adjustable;)
About 1.4 inches. That's as accurate as I can measure it.
The easel is adjustable. In the full standing position, it stands 65 inches from feet to extended support for your frame. you can actually fit a frame 28 inches tall in the bracket. Higher just leaning on the support. I have taped taller items to it You may have to support the poster board with cardboard, if it is poster size. as it only has one bar support 12 inches above the bottom support board. It is shaped like an inverted Y. I have use it with framed canvas, sketch book, plexi-glass, peg board, wood and card stock. I love it because it is collapses quickly and is light weight. You can always adjust to the proper height by putting it on a table for individuals not close to see. For a cozy group, the floor position would work.
I am away from home, and can't measure, but there is a full third section of the legs that doesn't show in the picture; it extends to a full sized easel, but everything adjusts, so it can be used at a variety of heights, including table top. Hope this helps.
It should. Check the specs. from the manufacturer. My daughter love the flexibility this offers.
Yes.
Yes. Maybe a medium sized one... But if you write really hard or fast it could knock the whole thing over if you don't hold on to the easel as well as the board... I would use it more for display purposes.
My impulse is to say no. I bought the fabric to make a blouse for a costume for a friend, and even for that purpose the material needed to be lined because it was thin enough to be too sheer in the white areas. The material is about as thick and sturdy as a satin bed sheet. I hope this helps.
It is a very thin fabric with a satin/ silk finish. I tried to cover an existing print and the white is so sheet I could see the underlying print. It would be nice as long as you planned on wearing a full petty coat. Hope this helps.
No, it is not see through but I would recomend lining it...
Yes we do. Please call us at 213-624-2449 and we can help you with the checkout
length
Well... the stripes can be either horizontal or vertical depending on which way you turn the fabric.
I measured mine (which I love). It's 14" wide and 13 1/4" high in actuality. Does this help answer your question?
No
Yes, we do sell that unit on Amazon, and it's available here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00SS65W06. Sorry for taking so long to reply.
Yes, absolutely! That's exactly what I use it for.
It ships as seen
The overall dimensions are: 14" wide, 13.25" tall and 12.38" deep (note the additional images provided - one shows the product size). Thank you for your interest in our products!
This design does not fit inside the Ikea Expedit shelving.
Due to the size and weight of this cabinet, we do not offer it in a wall mount version. It would sit nicely on a sturdy shelf, however. Thank you for your interest in our products! -
Carol - Thank you for your interest in our products! There are 12 separate spaces for your paper in this paper holder. Note that all but the center divider is removable if you'd like to have a taller space for your papers. Shipping is a flat rate of $8.74. I hope that helps - let me know if you have any other questions! - Brett Haugen Stamp-n-Storage
Shirley - All of our products ship in their natural unfinished state, sanded smooth and ready to be used as-is. Many of our customers have had excellent results painting the cabinets themselves, and we recommend using spray paint starting with a coat of primer and 2-3 coats of your preferred finish color. Thank you for your interest in our products!
The burlap that I received was an ivory color, not white. It looks more ivory when paired with the brown burlap, too.
60" refers to the width of the fabric
Yes. The bolts I've ordered have come in a continuous length.
yes
the cs995 is not listed as one of the tables that it fits, I bought it for the dc1050 and it fits perfect
Cut out area is: 7 1/2 in deep and 3 1/2 wide. Height is 3 inches. Table size is 16 inches long and 11 inches wide. The distance of the area on the other sides of the cut out side where your sewing machine table is: 3 3/4 inches on both side. I have a Janome, Harmony 8048 machine and it works awesome. Happy sewing.
Harriett, No, it will not. Thank you,
Prudence, No, it will not. Thank you,
I don't know but I know who you can find out and if it won't they can order the right size you need this size or bigger.and they are cheaper than amazon and eBay.look up kensewingcenter.com. they have a free number you can call.I have bought all my sewing machines and tables ,thread everything from there since I found them.I have 5 janome machines and matching tables.only place I buy from now.fast shipping.hope this helps
Banan F, This fits the following machines: Compatible with Janome 4120QDC, JNH2030DC, DC1050, Hello Kitty 18750, 3160QC, 2160QC, JNH1860, HF8050 sewing machines. The 393 is Not listed in the series above. Thank you,
This is a fantastic product, it fits the Janome sewing machine very well.
I believe they fit all Janomes. It works great with my DC1050.
I think they fit all Janome. Mines a dc1050.
Don't know. I have older 415 and with a small piece of plastic l adapted the surface of the table which left a space between the bed of the machine and the table .The table had foldable legs and was the right height for my machine...works great for me.
Hour hand then minute hand then second hand presses on
You sure are lucky, as I just happen to still have mine handy (I reused my old hands). From the middle of the stem/post to the longest end: Second hand is 3 5/16", Minute hand is 3 27/32", Hour hand is 2 11/16"
Possibly but I tried that with mine and they weren't a match.
About 2.5 inches
yes
There was no "model" or "identification" Said made in USA but was shipped from China. Only paid a couple of bucks for it with no shipping. Guess I got what I paid for.
Not sure about the wide , mine was smaller but it should work okay. top washer should cover hole.
I didn't get the one with the hands. I don't know how to do that. I just got the one that goes on the back of the clock and it fixed the clock completely.
Dear friend , Thanks for your question,sorry we don't have this clock movement.
It's actually really loud(constant groan), but no tick. I'll be replacing it. Took 3weeks to get also:(
I placed an order for 11 ... 3 had almost dead batteries...I wrote back to seller and I got a replacement with batteries in excellent condition. Please do write back to the seller.
There are three LCD lights in a single row on the bottom of the battery casing. The center one being the UV light. The other two lights are for regular viewing. The control switch is right next to the row of three lights. It has a single three position slide setting switch. The middle position being the off , the up position being the UV and the down being the regular viewing lights. The lighting is very sufficient I would recommend. I use mine on a regular bases. Hope this helps.
The physical casing for the loupe is plastic. It did come with a pleather pouch for the loupe. Mine works very well for what i do. I like to find and buy loose gemstones and this works great.
It is 60X so yes
The device has only 1 lens. It may be 60x, but it does not have variable magnification, only variable distance (focus).
la utilizo es para ver la fefracion de los diamantes en un diametro de 10cm
I would say no. The magnifier must be too close to the subject to bring it into focus. You'd want much more distance if starting a fire.
Some counterfeited currencies are UV reflective and glow under a blacklight. This light can be used to detect false bills in those currencies.
Good day ! Usually it will take about 8-15 days by USPS
The light alone would prove useful.....but you could use any L.E.D. light for that. The UV blue which can be turned on separately, may prove useful but I am not familiar enough with iridology to know if they use a UV blue light or not. The 60X lens may prove to be too strong of a magnification to be effective. Again, not familiar with iridology to be helpful, sorry.
these are magnetic and stick together, so far I have not had a problem with my jewelery falling off. I use them on my costume jewlery. If it's a valuable piece I would order the larger magnetic locks. I have ordered a few that are flat and about the size of a dime. They hold very well and have larger magnets, and are stronger.
The ones I bought probably won't work well with a really tiny chain. Plus it would stand out. They would be much larger than the chain and clasp.
It has a stylus and sponge for cleaning your smart phone. There is a plastic thingy that you plug into the earphone hole and voila.....your gadget remains with you as needed hanging from the earphone hole.
The little blue thing is junk. Throw it away. It's for a smart phone or tablet. Anything that uses a finger for touch.
If you have something with a touch screen (iphone, droid, etc) it is like a mini stylus.
Lmao
Nothing. I don't know why they put it in there except as a "little gift". It is a stylus that you can use on a smart phone or tablet. I actually use it, but it doesn't have anything to do with the magnets.
YES - I used it on one a 1/2" thick.
Main threaded stem from clock base is around 8 mm. This is where the anchor nut threads to hold onto clock face. There is a plastic unthreaded stem that the hour hand goes on above the base stem, 4.5 mm, then there is the metal threaded stem that holds the minute hand and the second hand mounts inside this stem. This secondary stem is 5 mm. Add it all up, from base stem to the thin metal stem, it's over 15 mm.
The movement I ordered did not work.
I am sorry that I can not answer your question because I don't know enough.
The stem is 8.5 mm which figures to .33" (close to 3/8")
They're silver in color.
If you are making your own clock face, it is easy to know where to put the hour markers. Attach the movement to your unmarked clock face, then turn the dial on the back until both hands point straight up. That is 12:00, so put a marker centered under the hands, making sure the marker will not interfere with the movement of the hands. Turn the dial again so the minute hand makes one rotation and is again at the 12:00 position. The hour hand will now be at the 1:00 position. Place a marker there, and continue around the clock until all twelve markers are in place.
It is .25 but all the hands slide down into the top and don't touch the threaded part. i say this because i just glued mine on the clock i built because it was too short and didn't use the thread so if you need a little extra length there's your solution
minute hand is 3.5 in, hour hand is 2.75 in
Yes you could build a clock. It would require building a clock face and surround. For indoor use no glass should be necessary
I have had both machine and definitely prefer and highly recommend the Janome. The stitches are perfect no misses and I work this machine a lot. I use a lot of spandex fabric and it still never misses a stitch even going over the seams. Releasing the fabric is always a problem unless you want to 'run off the edge' of the fabric and end that way. The brother always gave me problems as it would not always release the stitch like it was supposed to. The Janome does. Just make sure as you pull your fabric out you have hold of all 3 threads else you will unravel the stitches. I work with doll clothes and the only thing I wish the Janome would do was to give me a narrow stitch which the Brother has, but having used it now for over 6 months and it runs so smooth I can give up that for not having missed stitches or thread breaking. The arm extension is useful to be able to drop your fabric down and around. This feature is not on the Brother. I would highly recommend this machine to anyone wanting a cover stitch machine. This machine is used daily by me so 6 months of my life is probably over 12 months in someone else's life. :)
To my knowledge there is no difference. It's just a slightly different way of describing the same stitch: two rows of parallel stitching sewn on the top side of the garment. It's usually used to sew a hem.
Hi sorry we do not
When you hem you are going completely around so when you are ready to end and take your fabric out. Raise the needles up and take a pin rake the two needle treads toward you between the foot and your fabric cut the two threads then pull your fabric straight back this will pull your threads to the back side of fabric and lock your stitch in place.
No, it just cover stitches. There is a serger that can cover stitch. Not sure Amazon carries one.
Hi Beverly, It does not come 240 volts but if you want to call the store toll free at 800-442-8227 and talk with Paul, maybe they make an adapter for it. Thanks, Scott
We only ship to the lower 48 states. If you have any further questions feel free to call toll free 1-800-442-8227 and ask for Paul. Thanks, Scott
the 2 rows of stitches are on top
Yes...This the 900CPX can sew through multiple layers of denim and fleece. The 900CPX also uses standard sewing needles. Let me know if you have any further questions. Pals Vac & Sew
No, mine came with elastic gathering attachments only.
Acrylic paint tends to peel or easily chip off plastic. But if you can locate a primer that is for plastics to use first, it might work. They sell these paints individually at Michael's if you wanted to test it out before ordering this lot.
They are small bottles of acrylic paint, use a brush.
These are great paints,yrs out should work if the plastic is not overly glossy.
The bottle itself says wood, glass,metal and fabric. Indoor/outdoor. Waterbased.
I have got this brand for my friend who is a wood crafter. She swears by the brand and not only is it good value but also covers well too. There is also a great range of different colours. She runs a small wood crafting business and her customers comment on the colours she uses. I hope this helps.
I wouldn't use it on glass. It would peel off too easily. I think the dishwasher would remove the paint.
18, same as in picture. But careful...they leak during shipping. Big mess in box when they arrived, happened to many others too.
It can be used for outdoor projects if you use a clear varnish protective coating. My husband makes rain gauges and birdhouses that hold up well, if using a clear varnish coating.
Flat finish
I am not sure what you mean by one stroke.. I use One Stroke brand for ceramic paint. These could paint ceramics but not be fired. If it is for paintings, these could be a little on the thin side and you might need to add another coat to get the color you want. These are the same paints like sold at Walmart. I use them in my acrylic paintings and not bothered by having to use more to get the effect I am after and they are thin liquid paints and flow fast and nice and are on the bright side. For a cheaper paint of many colors I like to use them. Hope that helps a bit.
We have not used it for anything outdoors, so I can't answer that, I'm sorry!
I am unsure because I was unable to find an ingredient list on them.
These paints are acrylic based, not oil. Has very little/no odor. Yes, you can paint inside without ventilation. I never got my paints as the 2 times that Amazon sent them to me, some of the bottles were opened and leaked in the box, and were returned. After 2 tries, Amazon gave up and cancelled my order. I know about these paints from buying them from other vendors.
Yes you can . Wall paint is acrylic based just like these craft paint are .
I'm pretty sure there is no paint in existence that will keep a rock from breaking glass. Shatter proof glass goes through a complex tempering process.
Dear Willie, since gallery glass is not real glass......I would not recommend that you use it on any heated object. If the bulbs you're speaking of will not be used electricly I would give it a try......such as a christmas ornament.
Sure...you need to use the leading ( either liquid or pre-cut strips) to create your design and then paint inside lines. If the design is small, you may get a better result painting it onto a plastic sheeting first and then peel and stick it to the glass if painting on a curved surface is too difficult. Best of luck!
I don't think that there is a "pink" color in the mix. Magenta is shown twice (I believe) because it's one of the colors that I use a lot and perhaps the manufacturer figured that others do as well and so include 2 of that color. I have been able to get "pink" by combining Berry Red and White in a section and "swirling" it with a toothpick. Actually, I've gotten a lot of unique colors by using this method.
if you bake it at 350 for 30 minutes it is suppose to be dishwasher safe. On the top rack
They say they can be used but I have only tried them on mason jars and glass bottles. Not impressed. The Martha Stewart paints and Plaid are wonderful for glass with the Liquitex Medium Semi- gloss over them. Hope this helps.
This is difficult to answer because it depends a lot on color and how opaque/ see through you want it to be. Typically I found anywhere from a quarter to at least one page of an 8x12 pattern.
I've used them on plastic ..so has my grand daughter who loves to buy those stained glass (plastic) kits and when the paint that comes with it are dried out, she uses my paints. Looks great every time.
Yes... I'm unfortunately finding that out. My window scene is just over a year old. I'm having to touch it up with folk art paint and seal it with clear. Very disappointing, considering it's made for windows! Also, the colors aren't very dark to begin with... I used many coats.
Jane, It is for the set of 18 colors. It is a nice variety. Lesley
Although I am not familiar with the 3D Wonder paints....yes, you can peel this paint off and re-stick it, but you must be careful not to stretch it to keep its shape. It must be completly dry to do so.
It doesn't state it on the bottles , go to plaid.com to get paint info
I wouldn't think so. After drying you can peel mistakes off glass. I don't know about painting on clear acrylic.
I found these paints too light for painting on glass. I assume they would work well on unglazed white mug. The paint did come off in the dishwasher.
As far as I can tell no, it seems similar to a cross between Elmer's glue, and puff paint. Plus a little like acrylic . None of those I've been successful reconstituting.
Acetate!
yes, I use them on a plexiglass for a stained glass appearance
Actually that's what I am using this product for. It works great and dries overnight.
YES AND IT WORKS GOOD
Crystal clear, snow white, white pearl and hologram shimmer
That is an interesting question; Apple Barrel has been around for many more years than Martha Stewart. They are not the same paints. I have not tried Martha Stewart but will say this I prefer Folk Art or Americana to Apple Barrel as it takes less coats to cover; Apple Barrel is slightly thinner. I have also painted with Dick Blicks student acrylic and love the blockout white as it is good for mistakes. It covers mistakes very well as it is thicker than most. The best paint that I have ever seen to cover furniture is expensive but worth it as it is self leveling and hardens to smooth hard coat after 5 days and it is blackberry house. In terms of whether Martha Stewart is worth the price-buy one color in that brand, one in Americana, once in folk art and one in apple barrel and judge for yourself. However, avoid red as your test paint as red is the hardest paint to get full coverage with (with exception of the Blackberry House paints). You also can get large cheap acrylics that is good for painting canvas rugs by going to Home Depot and getting their sample of paints that is mixed up for you to test in roughly 8 ounce or 12 ounce containers.
It contains 18 different colors. Taken from description of product: "Contains 18-2 oz bottles: White, Black, Flag Red, Jack-O-Lantern, Bright Blue, Melted Chocolate, Nutmeg Brown, Bright Yellow, New Shamrock, Bimini Blue, Purple Iris, Too Blue, Holly Branch, Fuchsia, Yellow Flame, Pewter Grey, Bright Magenta and Parrot Blue." It's a good variety.
Yes, I have entered Fair paintings with these paints....
Yes they can be. But if you are going to paint shirts or something where you need the painted part to be flexible, I recommend Jacquard Neopaque or Lumiere.
Yes! It dries so fast though.
These paints are non-toxic, and they are appropriate for the older children, i would say probably older then 6 years old, just due to when it dries it is very hard to remove from surfaces, but if its wet war water and soap would do the trick.
I haven't found anything different. I've used both & have gotten good results each time.
I would say no. These are washable acrylic paints. You could paint wood or paper with them but I think if you heat them they would dry, burn, and turn into a powder rather than give you the glossy finish ceramic pieces usually have. I think you should go with a higher quality paint that is specifically made for firing.
Yes but you must put a sealer on the pot first, thus defeating the purpose of the pot.
No I don't think so unless you seal it with water proof sealer or varnish after it dries then let it sit and adding more on
This is an outdoor fabric. Don't think it will work at all as a pastry cloth.
I was surprised it was so soft but I think it will be durable
I haven't done it, but I would say you could ...take a little piece and try it maybe ...good luck
I have not dyed it but I use oil paint on it I do not see any problem with dyeing it
It's outdoor fabric and seems like it would hold up for sure. I am using it in a bathroom. So far, no problems.
One large piece when I ordered.
I out a put a pack of 60 pages in my album. While I have not completed all of those pages, I believe you can comfortable get in at least 50-60 completed pages depending upon how much dimension & embellishments you add. I hope that helps you.
You can use the pages with any 3 ring binder!
Great quality, color, and design! Not sure if there is a warranty.
Hi It does not come with an extension table. the table is 89.00. If you have any further questions feel free to call toll free at 1-800-442-8227 and ask for Fred. Thanks, Scott
Hi Linda, It is 11 inches to the needle point. This is a really nice machine. Thanks, Scott
I actually purchased my machine through a local dealer in Olympia WA. I got a killer deal on it. I only paid $1799.00. You should check with a local dealer to see if you can get it for less first. They also offer classes on how to use the machine and all of it's functions. The company has a website. The name is South Sound Sew & Vac. The website is www.sewandvacuum.com. Hope this helps.
Yes it will sew thick layers of fabric. I have sewn 8 layers of denim and it does have a free arm.
Both great machines. Can't go wrong with either choice. The 7700qcp is available on line and the Skyline S5 is available from authorized Janome retailers.
zigzag, overcasting, rolled hem, zipper, satin stitch, blind hemming, cording, overedge, automatic buttonhole, 1/4 inch seam foot, button sewing foot, open toe satin stitch, dual feed foot, border guide foot, convertible free motion quilting foot, open-toe foot, clear view foot
Yes
It is a class 15 bobbin
It's a great sewing machine, period. Besides quilts, I sew garments and home dec projects, and I love the powerful motor.
If you mean does it go forward and reverse, then the answer is Yes. It will stitch side to side, depending on the stitch that you have selected.
Its upholstery fabric. Just like sowing ect
Sorry I have no idea on this one
It is very good quality vinyl with the appearance of real carbon fiber. Made a really cool set of car door panels.
58" wide x quantity ordered x 1 yard
A little over 1/2" wide
It does on very clean glass, but temporarily not a permanent. It is okay for a seasonal decoration. Hope this helps!
Please see if ASIN B00CBLZXSU is what you are looking for.
Not totally sure. However I have yet to go through a roll and I use them frequently! (I don't use more than 6 inch pieces though.)
I don't believe it was stated. They are small rolls
I don't own the vagabond but did a search on that question. You do have to do different layering in the machine, but you can do it. I would suggest you research how to do it, to make sure you have the correct supplies to make it work. I had to experiment with my Cuttlebug to make it work. They are thicker embossing folders than all of my other ones.
Yes. It works perfect!
Yes, they do work but you can only use the base and one B plate just like the Big shot. They are thicker than the regular embossing folders and a hard plastic. should lightly mist the paper with water before embossing.
1 oz
There is one bottle for every color of paint and ghost tint. Including gloss varnish, retarded, flat coat, and satin coat. Its 84 bottles in all I believe
Yes indeed. It includes all ghost tints and technicals as well
Ken Badger over at the forums said they sent a bunch of sets out to Amazon on 2/28 and that more would be sent out this week, today is 3/5, so hopefully soon we will have our sets.
About 25-30 seems good for light coatings. 40 is alright if you're doing a large section
there aren't any doubles, but the bottles last some time due to the amount of paint they hold.
Yes they are very good, i use them for my gundam models.
I'm not sure, but I would not. It is very, very thin.
There are metallics, transparent (washes), and regular/matte colours. No pearlized paints. It should be noted that the gloss of the paint is slightly higher than Games Workshop or Vallejo, more notable on the washes/transparents but applicable to the whole range.
They are pre thinned so you will need to apply more coats than you would with gw paints. These are for a more skilled, and patient painter if youre going to be using them for brushing. They are high quality though and I've never had any complaints
Yes, stack (bottom up) Big Shot Multipurpose Platform, one piece 65# cardstock to shim Embossing folder of choice with media inside and the Big Shot cutting Plate. Keep the sandwich flat and straight and run thru your Big Shot.
I am giving you the actual imprint measurement which is what counts. 6 13/16" long by 5 7/8" wide. The folder itself measures 7 3/4" long by 5 3/8" wide. It is a rigid hinged folder, different from Cuttlebug and the clear embossing folders.
I don't have the Big Shot, but here is a video on how to with the 3D M-Bossabilities. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogRODUEkbAo . For the regular M-Bossabilites here is a video http://ucutathome.com/blog/2012/04/12/use-mbossabilities-in-sizzix-big-shot-and-pro/
I found this statement in a product review.... I was very excited to try this new product from Spellbinders. It has met all my expectations. They emboss so beautifully. I would highly recommend this product. I bought 3 different ones and they are all lovely. I used it in my Cuttlebug with only the A plate and the C plate on top. They are thicker than my other folders so did not work with my B plates. Go for it!
Many are better for earrings, but around 1/3 to 1/2 or more of them are large enough for necklaces. To give you an idea of their size... For example, the owl, heart and Eifel Tower that are pictured are all 1 inch at their largest/ longest point. The cat face is 1/2 inch. The larger ones range in size from 3/4 to 1 inch. Keep in mind that I believe each selection may have different pieces than I received. I used all of them for wine glass charms. All sizes worked well for that. Good luck with your projects. I was very satisfied with the quality.
some of the charms are very small and a few could be used as a pendant. the batch I rec'd was an excellent variety. I have used them in bracelets and as an accent in a necklace. They make a piece interesting. It is a great selection.
We weight them at 4oz
No elephant charms in this batch.
I don't know what the WEIGHT of the charms are...but I can tell you, I am very impressed with the quality. Yes, there are duplicates, but I'm ok with that. There is still a lot of variety. Mine came in a small poly bag with other items in the box. They are much nicer than some of the charms I've gotten at craft stores. Hope this helps!
No not at all
There is a front side and a back side. The back side is not decorative. Be aware of how minute these charms are. They work on my scarf slides, which have a loop attached for a charm. They are too small for a bracelet or necklace.
I bought mine 5 months ago - not really all that recent. I was pleased with the mix of charms, but the best ones were one-of-a-kind. Many of the smaller charms in the bag were present in various multiple quantities from about 4 to as many as 15 of one type. In doing a rough count, I discovered that I had received something over 100 charms altogether; perhaps because so many of the small ones were included. The manufacturer/distributor included a surprise bag of freebies in addition to the bag of 100 charms. I like what I received and when/if I need more, I would buy from this vendor again.
There are many duplicates, but some are one of a kind. There does not appear to be intentionality about having pairs of charms.
Since the charms range in different sizes, but none are real big, 18-22 gauge would be fine. It all depends on what you want to do. Anything over 16 would be too thick. Hope this helps.
None. I have worked in the sewing machine business for over 40 years and I can't remember the exact date Singer closed their last factory but it was in the early 70's.
No.
Hi, Jen. I say, Yes! This is easy to operate. I do higly recommend reading the manual, to be sure, but once you get the hang of it, it all makes sense. There is so much you can do, and all the different stitches are fun, and convenient, to have. Don't be afraid, it is not really as intimidating as it appears.
Hi Marie, Janome has no workbooks available for any of their machines. Thanks, Scott
Yes.
Hi Jen, The walking foot is built in it is an accufeed. Thanks, Scott
Beverly, A 7mm width. Thank you,
No but I do have the janome MC11000, 9900 and 12000 for sale. Please call me if interested. Thanks Sammy
No it does not.Please call me 800-487-7397 Monday If you are interested I do have other machines. This is a great machine you can add stitch Regulator if you have a frame for it. Thanks Lisa
Hi, Leona... I have a Horizon, and I did a quick little comparison with the New Home QCP... I cannot tell the difference, it seems to have all the same features. I know the Horizon was discontinued about 2 years ago, and the description for the New Home states it's the replacement for the Horizon. Even the price is fairly comparable. So the short answer, regarding the difference between the two machines, I would say, is "Not much". P.S. - I LOVE my Horizon, and hopefully you will love your 7700 as well, whichever model you decide on. - Jose.
I have average hands, and cannot get the bracelets on. I was surprised how small they are.
Hello, The inner diameter is 2-3/4". Thank You, Amanda S S&S Worldwide
Hello Jean, Thank you for your email. The inner diameter of these bracelets are 2-3/4". Please let me know if you have any additional questions. Have a nice day! Regards, Francis Customer Service S&S Worldwide
Off white
Yes
It is fleece. I also bought this fabric to make a tie blanket and it was perfect.
It's more lime green
Yes... Easy in, easy out.
Easy to do! Like 2 minutes to fold and store.
I don't know. It was a gift for a child
It's smooth
I am not real sure - I just went by the product description on Amazon - and it was mailed to my grandson - but I have seen him sitting at it and it is perfect for a 2 yr old - and actually 3-4 two year olds can easily sit at the table - I would think it will be good for him for a couple of years actually.
Yes. All these plastic toys will fade regardless of manufacturer.
Pretty sturdy. Not like ones in 80's. Umbrella ok and wind would blow that away
no it doesn't
The youngest I have had sit at the table is 18 months. But if they can sit on their own it should be fine.
Probably, but none of mine stand still long enough for me to try out the vests.
According to my digital caliper 9mm by 1.18mm Hope this helps
I haven't made jewelry with them yet but unless you pull on the links (I mean grab a handful of link and tug) they aren't going to budge. I'm currently making a vest and the thing hasn't pulled itself apart with its own weight so you should be fine. You certainly can't manipulate these just with fingers or teeth (sorry for the image).
If your planning on a 4 in 1 pattern, 2 bags MIGHT do it, 3 bags will get you there with plenty of cushion.
This should be just fine for dice bags though the bags might come out more like nets (with medium holes) rather than a mesh (with tiny holes) unless you are planning to do 6-1 European weave. These rings are certainly strong enough to handle dice, if that is what you are asking. Hope that makes sense.
Not easy with fingers, though possible. Pretty easy with tools.
Get the kit but if you never worked with chain mail before start smaller
No, I imagine you'll need 2-3 of these bags in order to get a piece that size. Maybe even a 4th.
not sure but i can tell you this is for great for weaves like the full perisan
The height is fixed at 36" but the table top tilts (adjustable) to several angles.
Veneer on the table top
I don't find mine to be kid-sized at all. And I don't know of any extension.
No, unfortunately, I do not ship to Mexico at this time. Thanks very much for your interest.
Tilt ranges from level to a little over 45 degrees.
The feet are 22 inches.
The table is approximately 32 to 34 inches in height when flattened as a level table. It's more suited for sitting in a normal height chair as a work surface or drawing table.
Yes this bottle cutter is capable of cutting a 3 liter wine bottle. Thank you for your interest.
No on the diagonal cuts
The bottle engages in the cutter with the bottom resting on the white foot of the cutter.m As for measuring, you can do it either way. From the top or the bottom. It is an eyeball measurement, unless you are cutting something with specific measurements. Hope this helps. It truly is an easy cutter to use. I advise that you watch a couple of YouTube videos first, as the instructions aren't that clear. Also practice on a couple of throw always first to get the hang of it. The most difficult part is not rescoring the line that you just cut. It is imperative not to go over the score that you just cut, as this cause the bottle to have a large jagged piece or even crack during separation. It is hard to not do this...or so I find. Hope this helps.
Yes
Yes, I cut one today! An Atlas Mason jar, 20 oz, I cut it between the 8 and 12 oz space. The jar is not round so the edges were tricky. I took photos but I can't figure out how to post them??? Good Luck! Mary
I sanded with 3M Auto emery cloth. #03008 The pack has coarse/med/fine grades. I used the fine grade.
I have cut the lower part, say the bottom 2", off of round bottles with no problem. I think trying to cut a square bottle would be difficult but I haven't tried it. The secret is to make sure the cutting wheel has constant and even contact with the surface of the bottle all the way around. And remember to make just one complete turn of the bottle, not more.
Not sure. I found that I had a hard time with Labatt bottles cuz they are a tad smaller. They hold 11.5oz. The bottles tend to fall in between the metal rods. The begin & end of score didn't always match up.
Hey Tatja...i'm sorry to report that as this device is configured, it will not cut bottle necks. Even though the cutting wheel is on a slider that can be positioned anywhere along the bottle neck, the length of the metal peg the cutting wheel is attached to is insufficient to reach the height of the neck. When it's in position beneath the main part of the bottle, there is only about 1/4" of movement. When the slider is positioned beneath the neck, it falls too short by about 1/2" to 1 1/2" depending upon where you want to cut the neck. This device could be modified, with a little ingenuity, to accomplish what you want to do but that would be outside the scope of your question.
There are directions on how to do this however I have not tried it yet. Love the bottle cutter though!!!!
The easel is on a camera tripod. The canvas holder is attached in the same way a camera would attach. So the canvas holder can be turned in a variety of ways- left, right, up, down, angled. The tripod itself, which is very sturdy, can be made taller or shorter.
I think you could fit a 16 X 20" board or canvas on there, 16 being the height.
This page will give you all the measurements you need. There are also videos on YouTube! http://www.enpleinairpro.com/oil_painting_easel.html
yes, you could adjust it. I am not happy with the stability of this easel at all, it's really wobbly and panels fit looser than wrapped canvas due to the 'teeth' that hold onto the panel. The whole unit is flimsy and cheap, I guess for the price point it's okay as a starter, but I wish I had spent a couple hundred more on one that would last me. Just my advice.
Lightweight and portable, the easel and panel holder weigh only 1.75 lbs. The palette, cover and turps jar have a total weight of 2 lbs. 2 oz. Tripod is a light weight design, closes to 22.6" and weighs just 2.8 lbs. Complete set up weighs less than 7 lbs. I own the watercolor palette AND the oil palette. Both fit into a backpack along with the easel a few supplies. You'll love it!
Hi Mary. What i have found to be the most common problem with sergers is either threading or tensions. Double check the thread path for your lower looper making sure the thread is secured in the tension disk. After that, try lowering the tension a bit and see if that does it. Also, make sure the thread you are using is not old and of good quality. Hope this helps.
wrote to Juki to find out the difference. Here is the reply: The MO50E and the MO51E were released to the market at the same time, they are basically the same machine with only changes to the color design. One model was originally released for sale on the internet and the other to be sold in stores however both are now available everywhere.
No
No. You adjust speed by the amount of pressure you apply to the pedal with your foot. Very little pressure equals very little speed and 'flooring' the pedal equals the machines max speed.
Tony, The machine comes with a foot pedal. Thank you,
No it does not
don't know what you mean, but it runs off of 110 outlet.
No it is not a sewing machine.
It is a little difficult to thread at first but after doing it a couple of times I have it working. They do send a very nice instructional video with step by step instructions, a manual and the treading tracks by color are shown on the machine. I do not know anything about the Brother
I have only used it on cotton fabrics so far but I searched on line and saw several people say they have used it on very heavy fabrics and denim and that it should sew any heavy fabric.
The Amour's handle is not as flat as the Takumi's, which may make a difference depending on how you hold your hook. The Amour is supposedly designed for both grip types, while the Takumi is slightly more comfortable with the pencil grip. Both are more comfortable and less fatiguing than a standard (non-coated handle) hook.
They aren't sharp at all. The hook is more rounded so the yarn glides off of the hook. I don't have an issue with snagging or catching with these hooks. They are by far the best hooks I've used. I hope that helped.
The sizes are b 2.25. C 2.75. D 3.25. E. 3.50. F 3.75. G. 4.00. 7 4.50. H. 5.00. I. 5.50. J. 6.00 these r not steel hooks sizes steel hook sizes r different . hope this helps .
I recently stopped using the pencil hold after some 45 years of crocheting. I find it too stressful on my fingers and hand in general. Love these hooks though so I would recommend them to anyone.
found stamped on the back of the soft handle JAPAN
I don't have the specific case you mentioned - but they are pretty much "standard" size and fit in all of the crochet cases I have which are soft. If the case you are referring to has really narrow tube-like slots graduated for each size - these probably would not fit.
I don't have the soft touch, but by visually comparing the two, I'd go for the Soft Touch if you knife hold. The handle is a more uniform size overall to fit your palm in a comfortable hold without slop. These Amours are tapered ridiculously narrow and are not all the same handle size. The smaller mm hooks have smaller overall diameter handles. The actual hooks are a modified Boye, and not as good as Susan Bates. To make them work for me, I added some gel pencil/pen grips for a decent handle diameter all the length of the handle. If you want something truly beautiful and comfortable, go to Etsy PolymerClayShed and order either Boye or Susan Bates hooks with polymer handles. The diameter is just right and still lightweight. Delicious to hold and visually enjoy.
Neither I'm afraid. The Silicone is actually quite hard with only a minimal give to it. I do find that the with of the silicone is better when compared to using the regular generic hooks, as my hand isn't cramping from all the use. Hope this is a helpful answer.
I have tried on many hooks including the very expensive Furl's hooks but I found these clover armour hooks the best! They are very comfortable to hold, they don't give me any sore and they do have lovely colored handles~ Regardless of what type of hooks you use, you ought to take a break every now and then to stretch your finger tendon and wrist to avoid arthritis and pain!
The hook part is some type of metal that runs the whole length with the soft material covering the handle part. The hook part is really smooth so the yarn just glides off, I have to say these are the best hooks I've ever used.
It just uses one thread, which makes it hard to bind off.
Maybe if you went really slow to get the needle in the hole.
No, it is not loud
Hi, it will hem light jeans material. There is half cm gap between the needle and the plate to insert the material. Thank you for your inquiry. Regards, Yvonne
You'd probably have to call or email them.
Yes, it can. It's a great easel!
I think it means that you can use a camera tripod for the painting tray or shelf itself, instead of the stand the whole unit comes with.
As my husbands aunt says "There's an art to everything". You really need to seat the the bottom of the "shelf" in the bracket. Once you get it seated correctly it is rock solid. There is a lever that you have to pull open all the way. It is a bit tricky.
Yes it be adjusted to any angle, including flat/level.
No.
No, the drawing board has fitment that is slotted onto the rest of the easel.
There are two mounts with mine but I did not find connecting them easy. I would also be happy to learn the answer to your question.
Note the warranty statement: Not intended for use with Hazardous Materials, Flammable or Explosive Paints or Materials. Likely reason: does not have an explosion-proof motor. When air-brushing cakes, one uses water-soluble (and edible) paints. If you plan to spray using "common" paints for plastic/wood/metal you should buy (or make) a spray booth with an explosion-proof motor.
I use mine almost daily. The fan still works and I love mine. I would buy it again! update- 4/27, I still use mine daily. Works perfectly. I paint trains to model cars and spray all types of paints.
I've uses enamel, acrylic and laquer with this booth. That being said, still make sure to wear a mask when using laquers as they are thinner and far more toxic than enamel and acrylic paint and you will still have a bit in the air while the fan sucks the fumes out. Also, unless you are keeping already painted parts in the booth, you will get fumes off of them while they dry as well.
No, its not, but you can buy an adapter from many sources like Radio Shack. Its just a step down transformer. Some luggage stores sell them for travel to Europe.
You can put 2 of these together for a larger spray booth.
What I did was to go to a hardware store like home depot or lowes and brought a inexpensive large filters and then cut them to fit. One filter makes 4 to 5 small filters after cutting them up. You can even find some in walmart just cut them to fit.
No it does not
Hi Travis, I don't use the hose right now. I work exclusively with Acrylics, and the filter works great to eliminate fumes and overspray. I will be working in a basement eventually, and I doubt I will ever use the hose. But, if you use enamels or paints with toxic fumes, it would be much more important to vent the spray booth out a window or under a door. This would be especially true if you have an open heat source, such as a kerosene heater or ventless gas heater.
First you have to have replacement filter on-hand. About $11 on Amazon from TCP Global. The filter is retained by a plastic frame that is held in place by ridges molded into the top and bottom panels of the main housing. The frame is removed by pulling it past the ridges; applying pressure to expand housing helps ease the frame past the ridges. CAUTION: there are two connectors at the frame top corners for the light bar assembly. Be careful not to damage the attached wires. Once the frame is removed, simply pull out old filter and replace with new, then snap frame back into place.
This is a good spray booth with good exhaust, but I feel that with larger objects like telephone bodies, the single width might not catch all of the overspray. There are set ups where two of these portable booths can be joined for twice the width. Look through the choices; I'm sure I saw a double width set up.
Yes
Yes they will. However, when mine arrived not only was it broken in several places, & the shipping box was well padded & filled with stuffer, not dented or showing any wear & tear, they were so cheap looking for the price. I was horribly disappointed. Amazon was great in refunding my money, & I found something that works great, allowing u to see your color choices, keeps double ended markers laying flat, looks professional, & half the cost. Prestige Marker Case, check it out. Ea holds 60 markers so I bought 2 as I have 80 markers.
The Spectrum Noir storage only comes with 3 trays. That I think would be the only difference. Hope this helps.
The pens are not included. It is a pen storage rack made of plastic.
They will hold the prisma colors but I don't know what AD markers are. These will hold spectrum noir as well.
The rack is about 9 1/2" wide, 5 1/4 " high and 5 1/2" deep. it was a little hard to measure because I have it in a cabinet. Hope this helps.
I got the smoky black but they also come in clear and I think blue. Love 'em!
pLASTIC
Yes
12
Yes mam that is the one for a Verizon or sprint iPhone 4 if you need someone to install it if be happy to do it for you fir 30$ just contact me at (850)238-7820 or www.facebook.com/Seansiphonerepair
Yes
Yes
This only replaces glass and LCD it dies replace any camera. Though you will be all the way into that point SND could replace your cameras.
No. They are different size screens.
Plug insideRibbon for screen to short
Yes
Does this work with iphone 4 unclocked live in Jamaica. The model number A1332
I'm not sure, but I will tell you that I installed mine per every direction sent (and am very techy) and my phone wouldn't work at ALL afterwards - I ended up having to buy a new one. I wouldn't recommend it!
We are seller Parts Deal. We shipp from China Shipping time is around 7-10 working days to US.
I received an assortment of 1/8 and 3/16 eyelets. There are many different shapes, so the actual part that will show on the front varies depending on the shape.
I used these with my Crop-A-Dile Big Bite, and they were fine. The quality of these are not the greatest, but they work most of the time.
I used these with my Crop-A-Dile Big Bite, and they were fine.
It is non-toxic and non-allergenic made of bamboo/cotton/viscose and poly micro fibers. Also go to the company wazoodle.com
I rinse mine with water and Dawn dish soap and then wash later with Gain and put vinegar in the bleach dispenser cup of my washer. Never had a problem with odor.
I would say it's 1/8 of an inch. I have not glued it to a surface. Not sure what your purpose is but it may be better to have it as a removable object. It gets more absorbent as you wash it up to 9 washes, at that point it's at full absorbency. So maybe wash it a few times with laundry before glueing it down? May change shape a bit so cut to size after. If there is any sewing involved, sew prior to washing because it does fluff up after washing a bit. Not much. Hope this helps!
I have not tried to do that, don't know how it would respond to an iron. If I did I would probably just butt the two sides together and do a wide zig zag to sew the two pieces together.
It reminds me a lot of batting (the stuff that goes between the front and back and makes it thicker) for a blanket. Alone, it is kind of irritating to the skin and lungs like insulation is so for sure i would make sure that it was covered with another fabric (like cotton or flannel) if you were to use it as a rat cage liner. It does seem to absorb very well and it is washer and dryer safe... but I would think that only after it is covered in another fabric.
Thank you Amanda & Arianne. It is 1 yard in 45" width.
This would not be appropriate for washing/drying dishes. It is about 1/4 inch thick, more like padding. I don't think it would leave a dry plate surface. Works more like a sponge.
Interesting question. I'm not sure, as It is meant to be an absorbent core. I'm just not sure how well it would hold up to repeated usage if it didn't have another fabric protecting it. That is to say that yes it would do that but you might not get too many uses out of it. It is very highly absorbent though.and who knows, it might hold up fine I just can't really tell as I've never used it that way.
Would you be using it as the outside or as stuffing? I'm not the manufacturer just a customer, so I can't say for sure about the materials and this is just my opinion. Considering the absorbency of this product, I would recommend washing it very frequently if you chose to make dog toys. They would probably make for nice toys playing in water and cause a nice splash when thrown, however I'd be afraid they would absorb a lot of bacteria along with saliva. That being said, it is pretty sturdy and though not a tough canvas, could withstand some gnawing.
Zorb will absorb it, but you need to sandwich it between something beforehand, like between two piece of fabric or it just comes apart when washed.
Yes
It's a 30" wide tube that is 36" long (a yard). If you cut one side of the tube, it would be 60" wide by 36" long. Hope this helps.
Yes it will. It needs to be sewn.
I would probably choose a less expensive fabric than this but I don't see why it wouldn't work. Depends if your dog is a chewer.
I do not have documentation of fire retardant. I believe it does not.
Yes. Once pre-washed this is very thick. Smooth on one side and fuzzy on the other. It would work well for cloth wipes, but might be too thick with two layers.
Yes it is. Very soft. I am very pleased with it!
I cut this up to make cloth wipes and they just get thrown in the wash with our diapers which get cold/cold and hot/cold and they are still great. Hope that helps a bit!!
They are pretty small probably alittle bigger than the size of a peanut! Hope that helps
I don't know the exact amount, but if I had to guess I'd say 250+. The bag is the size of sandwich ziplock bag, and the beads fill up 2/3 of it.
They are indeed. I ordered them to make bracelets. They are not the neon yellow but are clearly softballs.
I'm not sure exactly. But it was alot. How many do you need?I have a lot left over
I don't remember exactly, but it's about a hundred.
They are plastic.
I used these for making bracelets, using hemp as the material. I could put 2 strands of 5 gage hemp though the hole and there was some room left over. So depending on the hair and how much of it you have to put in I think it may work. I hope this helped.
I would say this is a natural color. It has not been bleached or dyed.
It is very soft, but its nothing like Sherpa throws, more like stretchy thin bath towels, or robes.
Please be sure to purchase this from the seller Wazoodle Fabrics & not Fulfillment by Amazon to receive a continuous yardage. If you purchase from the Fulfillment By Amazon section, you will receive 2 packages worth 1 yard each.
No clue. Sorry
The pads typically have a pile greater than 1" made of wool or synthetic wool. ECO Organic Cotton Sherpa doesn't have as thick as pile, but it may work if it's layered and used for the application.
I wash mine in my machine on regular cycle warm water. Dry in dryer on normal. Washes beautifully and dries so soft!! I use it for medical trach pads, trach collars and g-tube pads. So it gets washed a LOT on deep steam setting! Still comes out beautiful and soft with no signs of wear.
Virginia, I dried it in the dryer only until it was slightly damp, then let it hang until completely dry. I noticed very little, if any, shrinkage. It seemed to have a bit of a twist but ithat didn't affect the usability. It's a delightful fabric to work and produced exactly what I was hoping for. I've bought it multiple times. If you have a stretch stitch (straight or otherwise), I highly recommend using it.
I used two layers of this and two layers of bamboo fleece and I find them a little thick. Absorbs a lot but takes a long time to dry after washing.
no it doesn't. you don't have to sew it!
yes, it is very soft and absorbent and also has natural antimicrobial properties.
0 votes Please be sure to purchase this from the seller Wazoodle Fabrics & not Fulfillment by Amazon to receive a continuous yardage. If you purchase from the Fulfillment By Amazon section, you will receive 2 packages worth 1 yard each
Yes
Sorry, it doesn't say. Maybe research if organic fabrics can use a retardant and still be labeled organic?
The piece I bought is one yard long and is a tubular knit that is 27+" wide fold to fold so is 54+" wide in total.
No. It's an unbleached organic fabric.
Yes but I highly suggest you use a delicate wash cycle (with low agitation if it's a top loader) and tumble dry on low. Also the type of detergent matters as well. I suggest using Charlie's Soap. So far I haven't seen any significant wear and tear on the PUL and I've washed them every two days for a whole month.
I use it for the same thing and it does not make noise. Another option is heavy duty outdoor waterproof outdoor fabrics, like the nylons for outdoor cushions and such, but that will swish if two nylon layers rub together, but for panty liners they shouldn't. Anyway, no it doesn't make noise.
I've used it to line a hanging diaper bag for cloth diapers. It gets washed about twice a week n and I've had about four months. No sign of wear yet.
I think one side is softer and more for the "inside" but doe sandwich bags I don t think it will matter.
This is not absorbant but will provide a good waterproof backing, and if used along with an absorbant fabric like Zorb, will be very effective. I also use a diaper liner fabric that wicks the moisture into the Zorb, and is more comfortable to sleep on. Sew all three layers together and you will have a really absorbant and comfortable pad. I suggest small Velcro fasteners to attach it to the sheet or mattress.
Dear Violet, yes, this is the PUL that is used for making mattress protectors. If you order more than a yard it will come as continuous length, e.g. if you order 3 yards it will come as a 3 yard piece. We cut the fabric only after an order is confirmed. Thank you Wazoodle Fabrics
Very. I used it to make mattress protectors.
I have not used the PUL I bought yet but it was to be used to line handmade sanitary pads so NO moisture should get through. I think this would be too hot and sweaty for a shirt lining unless it had a "breathable" fabric lining to use next to the skin like cotton flannel, etc.
I haven't but I think you could. It would be easily sewn.
It does shrink, but you want to put it in the dryer AFTER you sew. This way the dryer heat will melt the little holes made by your sewing needle back together. I love this fabric. I have used it for homemade pullups. It is quite water proof. If my kid ever has a leak is around the leg holes or up the top. Never through the fabric. Those pullups have been abused, washed, dried and are still doing great.
I am sorry to say, that is the worst purchase I have ever ordered, I purchased an item and received a different one, I tried to talk to the vender and he just refused to exchange it and said that he could help me fix it tried and never worked, also I had purchased extra cartridges and frosting sheets, I lost $350.00 dollars on this item, tried to ask amazon to help but did not work. check the feedback I posted on this vendor. I would advise you to purchase this item directly from epson, and if you do they will tell you this is not an edible printer and never was.
XP-310 - love it for my cake decorating
here is link http://www.amazon.com/Edible-Ink-Cartridges-Printer-Ink4cake/dp/B00BQHXDNM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1370779950&sr=8-1&keywords=T+200+for+E4
No just run it through. Be sure to put the little square provided inside the open space. (I think it may hold the paper steady). These dies are a dream to use. Enjoy!
I do not use anything extra.
You need a square type, size 5 1/2. (A size five works if you are willing to trim, or don't embellish much, but I wouldn't go that route if I didn't have to.) I have a We R Memory Keepers Envelope Punch Board that makes that size. No matter how you get it, be aware that the irregular shape requires extra postage.
5x5 is the assembled size.
Yes, they will work beautifully. Just be sure you change the settings on your printer. When you hit print, go to properties , then open the features tap. Now change the paper type to sticker paper or whatever option that is similar. Next change to print quality to normal (not draft, not best. best will give you too much ink and it may smear. I hope this help you.
I just used my inkjet printer. The colors come out very vivid. I don't have the silhouette machine. I think you might want it for intricate cutouts but I just scissors or a ruler and a razor knife. You need to be sure your ink is completely dry before handling the labels. I also used either spray or brush on clear oil based polyurethane because I was putting the stickers on tile around the sink in the kitchen. I wanted the tiles to stand up to washing so I used 3 coats and baked each coat on. I did not do the clear coating on other labels I made.
I made labels for kitchen cannisters and have been able to wash them when I needed to. So far so good. However, I haven't had them for too long so I can't be sure how long they will hold up. You need to let the ink dry completely before putting them on. One more thing, if you need to bend the labels, it helps to bend them before you remove the backing. Heating (carefully) with a heat gun or hair dryer before removing the backing also helps with bending. Good luck.
No
8 sheets
YES. it is clear, so be mindful of certain pictures or wording printed in color, some colors do not show up very well when the sticker is peeled off. for example white will not show up at all. When it is placed on any surface it can not be seen unless of course bordered black. but pictures do print out nicely and the sticker sticks very well.
yes unless you seal it, the best way to prevent that is to spray the printed sticker with a acrylic bond or just a standard gloss or matte coat.
no....slightest bit of heat and it melts
I have only used it on glass, and it sticks REALLY well to glass - so I'm thinking the adhesive would probably peel paint off a wall. Perhaps you could use this adhesive mounted on glass - on a floating glass frame? or on vinyl, which IS safe for walls.
I don't think so. You'd be better off finding some vinyl for bumper stickers...this paper probably wouldn't last long, and it still smears a bit.
Yes it does cut out envelopes.
No, this cartridge comes with it's own keyboard overlay
Yes it does. I have the cricut expression. love the cartridge.
It only cuts the outline of the card.
Yes. Sometimes you have to improvise and make your card a little smaller. But, the cards turn out beautifully. I held a class and had them all wondering "how did you do that?".
Yes you can use in all cricut machine, is easy and funny
No
It should.... It would depend on which machine you are using but yes, I believe it will. Using a 6x12 mat would only limit the size of the cut. Have fun!
Yes, it does and it is a very versatile cartridge!
It will work. Size is your only problem since the machine only uses 6 inch by 12 inch paper. That will make a 3-inch card if you print the short way. I could be as big as 6 by 6 if you change direction. I hope that makes sense. Sue.
Nope. Sure doesn't. My 2 year old loves it tho.
My little tykes one is 39 1/4" x 22 1/4" table excluding attached benches. It is 41 1/2" x 38 1/2" including benches when folded for storage.
Without I ordered yhe umbrella separately
they say 4 on them. they are about 6" (15cm) long and the tips are 1/4" (6mm) wide.
They are #4
Firm
Hello, We supply through Amazon whereby they hold stock in the USA in their warhouse, therefor i assume if you order these then they will be sent by Amazon. I hope this helps.
this part attaches to the screw that holds on your press foot... you remover press foot and slide on cutter... very easy and can be done in a few seconds. very easy to install and very easy to use... love mine!
I don't think it will. I ordered it from my brother ce8080prw and after reseraching it and really looking at it online (it took a month to get here because it comes from china) I told them it wouldn't work with my machine. they were really good about refunding me my money before I even received the product. But I've noticed with my machine that it is VERY picky about parts, bobbins, and how everything must line up. Therefor, I would break down and buy the genuine brother part. I know, I want it too but I'll have to wait. *sigh*
It's not my part but it is a universal part and should fit most machine. I have a Janome and it works wonderful. It fits on the bigger screw after you remove the pressure foot. Easy!
I'm not sure. It is for a low shank machine so I would look for the specs on your machine to verify.
If your presser foot is on with a side screw, it shood fit. This cutter foot slides on the side into the screw of your foot after you remove your foot and replace with the cutter. Paula
I would say it is either a 1-2.I have watched all of his videos and it is amazing to see what he can do with that brush. Marylou
Yes, that is the number my medium brush number has on it so you should be good.
Medium is slightly over an inch and the large is 1 3/4
it contains 2 sets, one of "small" cable, 14", 22" and 30" cable, that fits the small needles (size 2 to 8 US) and another set of "large" cables, same lenght above, for the needles 9 to 15. You get 6 cables, but only one set can fit the small needles and one set the larger ones. I usually use more of my US 5 and US6, so I purchased an extra "small, 24" cable with my order for $5. Hope that helps!
Actually the previous answers are somewhat unclear. Circular needles are measured tip to tip. Hence the 14" cable make a 24" circular needle. The sum of the two needle lengths cannot exceed the length of the cord. The 8" cable is intended to be used only with the 4" needles. The only reason manufacturers of interchangeable needles make sets with needles longer than 4" is because some individuals prefer longer needles. Unfortunately, needles longer than 4" cannot be used to create 16" circulars. For those who prefer longer needles, the only option for knitting caps to do magic loop or use double points. The fine print on the packaging clearly states, "8"/20cm cable should only be used with 4"/10cm tips or with other cables. (I did not investigate to see if ChaiGoo markets the 4" tips in a set.)
A lifeline is a length of thread or smaller yarn, put through a hole in the needle........you then knit the row. At the end of the row, pull the lifeline out of the hole in the needle. It has now become a base that will prevent dropped stitches should you need to rip back to correct an error. Usually used every 10 rows in difficult patterns.
yes they do have a lifeline feature. They are by far the best needles I have used in 57 years of knitting Sue
they are metal and are the very best needles I have ever used.
The 5 inch tips do not work to make a 16" cable, you need to purchase the 4" set. I do not like interchangeable needles in the 16 inch length, it is possible to knit and purl but makes more complicated lace stitches and cabling without an extra needle difficult. But if you are knitting socks on two circular needles (as in two sets) any length will work, you could even use 60" if you so felt inclined.
I find the red connecting cable a bit stiff----prefer another brand of interchangeable needles when I am using "magic loop" method to do socks. I like the cloth case in which they are stored.
It should come with two sets. 1 set is 3 small cables 14", 22" & 30". 2nd set is 3 large cables 14", 22" & 30". The small cables fit the needles sized 2 to 8, and the large cables fit the needles sized 9 to 15. If you did not receive these 6 cables you should contact the seller.
They look like a pin that you push through a hole in the needle. This essentially holds the needle in place allowing you to screw them on and off more easily if you need to tighten them down further.
I have the karbonz fixed and find the chiagoos to be as light weight, maybe a very slight difference. Definitely a different feel though. I love my chiagoos and use them most of the time. They are quite slippy though with finer weight yarn.
I believe that is something that you need to go to the online Cricut Craft Room to do. I don't think they have a cartridge that will just let you do that with any word but in the Craft Room you have the opportunity to do that. You might check You Tube and type in "cricut craft room welded letters". There you will find tutorials on how to connect, or weld, letters together. If you are not familiar with the Craft Room you can also do a You Tube search on Cricut Craft Room to get started. Hope this helps!
Yes. you can cut from 1/2" to 12". You have to set your Cricut dial to that size.
No, when I got it, it was only the cartridge. Mats are separate.
No. This is a cartridge for the Cricut.
I don't know the answer to that honestly. It will cut vinyl with the right cutting blade. But I have a feeling it won't cut fabrics. I also have not seen it advertised by cricut at all. Sorry
Honestly, I haven't tried it, but I have seen tutorials on Pinterest.
Yes it does.
I don't have it, but New Arrival looks like it has the things you want.
Yes, all shape cartridges can be used in all Cricut machines.
Once a cartridge has been linked to Cricut Craft room, it can only be used on machines registered to the same person.
I suggest you use Glow Inc. Smooth. The smaller particles will look much better on the tiny watch hand.
Not if you care for your car.
It would take many many many jars of it. This is a very small jar.
Not sure what you mean by "washable" I haven't put it on clothing. It seems water resistant - I have it on some interior surfaces (I put a few dots over door knobs in rooms that get pitch-black at night to see them). It is amazing stuff. One year later and it still glows like you wouldn't believe. I will buy more. I mixed some in water based pigment for a painting my son made, and it really makes for a cool effect at night hanging on the wall. It is very thick.
Shine a bright light and it will be glowing all night it does charge somewhat but a light just for a second does great
Yes and no. You will need to paint it on an edge that doesn't get a lot of foot traffic, otherwise it would wear off eventually. This stuff is not cheap. If it gets enough light exposure during the day, it's conceivable that it will glow long enough to be useful for a few hours at night.
if the product is apply heavy or thick, it will work.
It will last as long as anything else there is out there, and it's as bright as anything else there is. Having said that the brightness is best at first and then it fades over time but this type lasts with at least some glow for hours. It's not the same as a light but it's paint, so at least there is some slight glow after quite a while. If you want it to continue being pretty bright then you will have to recharge it often with a bright flashlight or the sun etc.
for what i used it for, i used a toothpick
I think if you used a clear coat over the glow paint the glow paint would stay on.
My answer is the same as the others. No this is finer than the #18. This D can be compared to C-Lon thread. I use both for fine beading. The #18 I use more with kumihimo. I hope this helps you.
Size D threads are about 0.3mm in diameter.
sorry can't help with this question -- I have the same questions when dealing with different manufacturers and trying to compare size. I normally go to the actual manufacturer's site and ask them to compare their product to be sure I get what I need.
I use #10 needles. Big eye beading needles and any tapestry needle will work also. What.t is probably more relevant is what size beads you are using.
If you mean overall, it said 75 yards in the ad, and I haven't made a dent in the colors I've used yet.
I'm sorry but I haven't tried 4 ply linen thread I have only tried the cotton thread and this thread I have no idea what the difference can be.
It is a full fledged sewing machine... Just not the most hearty one I've seen. I wouldn't go sewing denim.
It's quite small so it is for mending and repairing
it is a small machine, but i'm sure it could handle fleece.
Any type of paint or ink! I have a colleague who builds model ships and uses thinned house paint on his hulls! Here's the caveat: the paint must be mixed rather thin (think skim milk) and can't contain coarse pigment. How coarse? Get a few fine strainer funnels from a model tools supplier. If the paint passes easily through the finest mesh funnel it's OK to apply through an airbrush nozzle. Clean-up is a MUST, and acrylics are far easier to clean up. Water and mild detergent or Windex works for almost any routine clean-up job. The seals in your Master airbrush will not react negatively to a mineral spirits solvent but I wouldn't press my luck. This is an inexpensive set (I bought one for my granddaughter) that will work well for you but don't abuse it by leaving volatile spirits in the brush for prolonged peruiods. Good luck!
The only purple seven is obviously on the wrong side (monkey) of the boat.
Good general starter airbrush, if it is for smaller parts would probably go with a smaller needle nozzle combo
Approximately 2"WX3"LX3"High
Warm soapy water
yes. Its designed more for nail painting
Not exactly sure. We literally just got it monday afternoon. But when we finally get to sit down and really play with it I will update you!
Plastidip would be too thick to use. It requires a very thin paint to function properly.
It comes with only one airbrush, in which the nozzle lever is flimsily made and breaks very easily. You may or may not get one use out of it.
The compressor is really small. I thought it' was a good deal, but the air brush is hard to clean and finicky. I started airbrushing on the 1980s so I know how these things work. I'd go more upscale if you can. So, yes, too small-- and not very reliable.
No
No
From my experience, the farther back you hold the sprayer the wider coverage you will get, hence the closer you hold the sprayer the more narrow the coverage will be.
For me, it didn't work as well without the reducer. It just makes it easier to ger a smoother spray.
No not really maybe for the base coast. But not for detail
No it does not
I am not versed on the different mini air compressors but I have tried to do some research for you and have really came up with no new information than what Amazon is showing in the description of the produce. The only difference that I can tell is that the VC-16 is a kit product description and the C-16 (1.6 volt) is the actual compressor that is used. I have found the C-16 compressor sold on other sites and it is the same that is sold on Amazon and no listing of a VC-16 compressor.. Hope that this helps...
sorry dont know i got it for my son .
sorry but i sold it to a customer and has not complained so far, sorry
Yep. It sure is.
The closes card size this tool will make to yours is a 4 1/2 x 6. Here is a link to a chart that provides all the sizes. http://www.weronthenet.com/File/View/611bf9ef-9ce0-48bb-98d5-2d8b6d658ea9
I've seen people posting in YouTube that you can make an envelope for 4 1/4 by 5 1/2 by cutting paper at 8 by 8 and scoring at 3 1/2. I hope that helps you.
It measures 10 1/2" by 7 1/2" and weighs approximately 2 lbs.
Yes, the new boards are corrected.
Yes and can score for cards and boxes. Love this envelope punch board!
It's not designed to make them that size
You can make rectangular envelopes of many sizes, actually more sizes than the square envelopes, but be precise with your measuring...it can make a difference. Follow the directions and you'll have the envelope you wish. A very versatile little device.
The largest measurement on the punch board makes an envelope to fit a 6 X 8 1/2 card. You could,however, use larger paper and make larger envelopes you just have to figure the measurement out yourself. I hope this helps.
Approximately 2x3. It is just a matter of what you need. You measure to the size of card you are making.
I haven't used the Stampin' Up punch board but just looked at it on-line and it seems to be identical to the We Are Memory Keepers - only the color is different. I love using the punch board. It is quick and easy. Using colorful papers is fun and gives envelopes a homemade look. Usually I match the envelope to the card. Great tool.
Absolutely. I use the A plate, C plate, paper and die, and the B plate to complete the sandwich.
Yes... perfectly!
Yes, they do cut on the edge. It is truly like having 9 boarder punches and not having to find a place to put them all. Hope this helps you.
It is one folder that reverses to another style. I can see this breaking at the "hinged" flap in heavy use.
Sorry, not sure what an Evolution is. If it is an embossing tool it should work.
The actual size of the embossing folder is 5.25" X 7.50". However, the embossed image is 5.25" X 7". I love this folder - both sides are great!
It is actually a mat and yes it will work with other machines.
8 1/2" x 6".
You can use it with the Grand Calibur large plates as long as your dies will fit on it and most will unless you have the huge dies.
Yes
May understanding is that these will only work in the large machine.
I bought one of these. It is the master set which includes two additional nozzles with needles and a regulator / quick disconnect combo.
You should have gotten a book!
I don't think so
I think it was around 4 to 6 pounds the heaviest thing is the compressor and that's very small, weighing about 3 to 3.5 pounds I would say. the paints, I believe, are 1 oz plastic bottles and the air brush gun is only about 5 to 6 ounces. Mine was packaged with the little plastic airbags for cushions so it really wasn't that heavy
I used a 2 gal tank and used between 20 & 28 psi.
You'll need a compressor and water trap also. If you are new to airbrushing I would suggest this setup found here: http://www.amazon.com/Master-Airbrush-Performance-Multi-purpose-Compressor-The/dp/B001TO578Q/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1404153934&sr=8-2&keywords=airbrush+compressor
No it doesn't
They don't even need anything that fancy. :) the bottles have a straight tube that sticks up and slides into a tube on the brush. one tip about the siphon feed it takes a good bit of extra air pressure to get it to feed well. If you don't need the large supply of paint I would use the gravity feed. But with them you have to do the cleanup to switch colors, so I guess it is a trad off either way. LOL I hope I haven't confused you. Have fun, I know I have. (even without an artistic bone in my body) but I just use it to paint my RC planes.
Great airbrush. Just connect the airbrush to some air, fill the bottle with paint and spray away. I am extremely pleased with this Master S62 airbrush kit.
Galey, The ComPilot weighs 1.8 ounces and is about 2.5" tall and 1.8" wide. Hope that helps. Thanks, Osamu Local Battery
Sorry, no I don't.
$129 charge to replace the batteries and service the unit, includes a six month warranty. Thank you for your patronage.
I do not think so. This is just the regular Phonak ComPilot. I have never heard of an Air II. The one I have is this one and it is just the Phonak ComPilot.
This ComPilot works with all wireless hearing aids from Phonak except for the new Venture series hearing aids, which use the ComPilot II. Thank you for your patronage.
Yes it does. One year but I have only purchased through my audiologist.
Per Phonak's Audiology Department, you can use this for TV streaming without programming; and as a remote with programming. Thank you.
you get a charger and the iCom pilot. It also has the instruction booklet. My hearing aids work with this but the wireless remote control function doesn't cause my hearing aids are too old. I'll sell it to you for $200 here on amazon if you're interested.
I have not had any moisture problems with the compilot, but have not used it really moist places.
Your hearing aid should have setting programmed for microphone on. You should still be able to hear on the phone and still hear surrounding noise. I had two programs. One for phone with mic, one without mic. As for one, ear with mic on and one with mic off? Dunno, ask the programmer, usually the audiologist. I think it depends on the hearing aid's own capabilities. I don't see a problem being able to do that, as for me, the stereo listening capability was vital for me in understanding conversations.
10
10
sorry, 12 like on the pic.
Yes they do! I don't exactly know how many because I gave it away as a gift awhile ago but from what I remember when I bought it, there was a lot maybe about 20... Sorry I can't help you any further but it is a really good quality scrapbook!
It says it on the info section about this product.
Paper/cardboard
There is some flexibility in the size because they are rippled and they are in 3 sizes. They are reasonably effective, but would probably be better for sewing than for needle felting. They did usually protect my fingers, but the needle did go through them a couple of times. Maybe I just felt too enthusiastically.
I don't know...they are used to protect your fingers from the felting needles. I would try to find out from the manufacturer if you can find out who they are.
I have never used them for hot glue, they are soft rubbery so think it would be hard to get any dried glue off.
I don't see why not they're just rubber finger protectors.
Yes. Bought it for my daughter. Because she lives in a different state, I bought it on line. I first went into our local sewing shop where I trust them & the clerk recommended this model. I sewed with it with different fabrics & found it to work like a dream. I own a more expensive pfaff. This one was easy to use & change from seam to rolled hem & sewed many different fabrics with only small adjustments. My daughter has enjoyed it.
Yes, and the cut width is adjustable (blade can be moved in or away)
Yes you can
You use two single needles
5 years
It's pretty easy. Just slide a lever and adjust your tensions.
It is 110 voltage only. By the way this is not the quality we expect from Juki. I use mine rarely and a looper guide has come off and the tension disks don't properly release when you raise the presser foot.
$120.00 for Priority Mail. This will get the machine to you in 6-10 business days depending on customs. Let me know you have any questions. Thanks, Oren
yes
There isn't a whole lot of vibration at all. Make sure your surface is steady. I was on a fold out table first and it did vibrate. When I moved it to my wooden table it wasn't noticeable at all. Hope that helps.
It is sloped so is bigger at the top than the bottom. The bottom dementia is 6.5"x11.5". It is 4.5" deep. At the top it is 8.5"x13.5".
Yes they are. I ordered from kmart first, got different brand.
These are incredibly sturdy. These are so wonderful, I am buying another set. The boxes are so sturdy that yesterday I had all of my shoes in these boxes piled in one column and then knocked them over while cleaning and not only did they not crack, the tops remained on as well. These are a wonderful purchase. I can say in all honesty you will NOT be disappointed.
Yes. There are 20 shoes boxes with 20 lids.
Hi Robin - First let me tell you these are perfection plus for shoes and I imagine other storage. The lids fit perfectly, they stack perfectly and I have absolutely not one complaint, they are the best. The dimensions are 8.2 Wide x 13.4 Long x 4.6 Deep. I wear a size 10.5 - 11 shoe and there is plenty of room. These are so well made; they are definitely worth purchasing. Hope this helps.
Very tiny. More along lines of guest soap size.
I want to say it takes about two ounces. I would like to find a sheet of 6 oval soap molds with a pretty pattern. (Silicon type)
No, it is for one piece and the more you buy the shipping fee will be more cheaper. regards. Allforhome
Yes, it is free but a little long time delivery due to different country.
YES
This mold holds about 2 1/2 to 3 ounces.
if buy 25 pcs , then price is 25 usd
250 USD for 200 pcs including shipping
15.15USD including shipping, http://www.amazon.com/Allforhome-Silicone-Oven-Handmade-Molds/dp/B00BJ17GVK/ref=sr_1_16?m=A1TQNHSKHWWCCB&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1390921969&sr=1-16, thanks, Allforhome
1
Within limits, they are. If they are in place for a long time, the backing sticks to the paper. Otherwise, you can pick up the tape and move it around at will.
Maybe not this particular brand, its more like masking tape but if you could find one that would stick better it would be perfect
To add a page? Not sure how that could happen...I would definitely use it to embellish a page in an art journal, however.
The Washi Masking Tape is sold as a set of 6.
I don't think so. It is nearly opaque
Yes, you should be able to use it to decorate a lampshade.
30
My biggest needles are size 10 & they fit a little loose.
Mine came in just the two colors shown in the picture: green and burgundy.
3"1/8 length x 1"3/16 width x 1"1/16 depth
Definitely non stick coated. Stuff plops right out.
around 15-20 days
small 2.82 ounces
I used the largest size on one of those kids band looms when younger if that's the type you mean. Not ideal but works, most loom hooks are longer/thinner with a deeper hook. A modified wire coat hanger works better for that.
b-k and the steal ones is 1.00 mm 1.75mm 1.70mm 1.50mm 1.40mm 1.30mm 1.25mm 1.15mm 1.10mm 1.00mm 0.90mm and 0.80mm i know it doesnt have all the steal ones you might need or the a needle but its the best deal youll get on the needles ..at walmart you dont even get needles for this price just the pouch if your lucky
Just the millimeters.
I use these needles to help me fix dropped stitches in knitting lace - they work very well
More than a little off.. it's 7 inchs long, 5 wide and 7/8 inches deep. It's comparable to a nexus in a case it that helps.
These are tapered
Research on Amazon will save you lots of money. I bought mine for about $5. plus the small shipping charge. A couple of months later when I was with my daughter in a "craft shop" in Fort Worth, I saw the exact same set for $39.95.... My daughter thought the $39.95 was a great deal until I told her the price I paid for them on Amazon. Later, I saw them again for less than what I had paid (under $5.00). But I was totally happy that I had saved almost $35. by buying them when I did. Watch out for the shipping charges!!!
I'm not famiar with cro-tatting. If you need very small heads, than yes. The silver needles are of good quality. I just wasn't pleased with the colored aluminum needles. I didn't like the feel of them in my hand. They looked and felt cheap. Also, the case had such an awful smell I didn't want it in the house.
My friend uses boye and loves them. These don't have any letters. You gotta figure them out on your own. I say buy boye
These are for crochet only, but Amazon has some really good books on getting started with knitting, I would recommend that maybe you look into one of these. Since I do not knit, I would not know what needles to recommend. Good luck..
Yes
If you need "very, very, small hooks, you should probably be looking at stainless steel hooks. They are produced in sizes 0-14. The smallest hooks have the largest numbers. These are used for the finest yarns and mostly threads. The bamboo needles are sized mostly for yarn. Good luck with your project. Joan Fowler, Rochester, NH
Yes they are.
There are 13 hooks. Their description is confusing. They have sizes C-N (12 hooks) also includes US. 7 (4.5mm). In the list of descriptions they skip over the number 10 which is why it looks like there are 14. Hope this helps.
They are no where near like the ones in the photos. At least mine weren't. They reminded me of cast offs or leftovers. The largest one was a little over the size of a nickle. Some were half that size and a few were about the size of a pea. None of them were square or rectangle. They were all round or oval. You can put photos in them, but it's going to be hard, as there are no sizes quoted for any of them. I still haven't figured out how to measure them. If anyone knows how to, please post the instructions. Thanks.
Are you asking if there are holes on each side so you can link continuously for a bracelet? If so, the answer is no. There is only the one hole for a link.
Can be used for necklace charms, about an inch to inch and 1/2.
You could fit a very small picture on most of the charms- about locket size.
I use it in both of my Husqvarna machines without any problems. I LOVE it!
This is a large spool of bobbin thread. It is too large for my machine, so I have a stand alone large thread holder that sits next to my machine, and I wind the bobbins from that. I also can use that stand if I buy large spools of embroidery thread that don't fit on my machine. The spool itself does not say if it is 100% polyester, but the description on Amazon says it is 60 wt polyester. I have been happy with the way this bobbin thread works with my embroidery thread.
The outer bottom base of the spool is 2 1/4" wide and the top inner opening is 1/2" wide.
It is a thinner thread making you embroidery a less dense. If you are working on clothing I would you this thread.
You have to either use a spool stand or just put the spool next to the machine and thread as usual
No
I have two Husqvarna's and this works GREAT in both of those. Can Pfaff be that different?
The base of spool is 2 1/4" and the thread is 6 1/2" around. I hope that helps, oh & its 4" tall.
Amazing, you do realize the answer is on the Amazon product page? Right on top with the picture?
The book includes 181C & 1815C along with their un-coated versions. CVC is a computer simulation, (Computer Video Coated).
It displays the name in one of a couple different ways. Base colors are labeled with just their names: PANTONE Yellow C The Mixing Base colors are labeled in 1 of 2 ways. Colors made up of a single ink are labeled this way: PANTONE Medium Yellow C - PANTONE 1-1-7 C Colors made up of a blend of inks are labeled with the Pantone number for the swatch color and the names and amount of each component color used in the blend: PANTONE 7618 C (PANTONE yellow012 18.47 PANTONE Rub. Red 15.77 PANTONE Black 1.74 PANTONE Trans. Wt. 64.02) Hope that helps. I'll see if I can post a picture.
It does not.
This guide has 7 each, metallic and neon basic colors.
The starter edition has 543 Colors . The regular edition GP 1401 has 1677 colors. Any other question we are ready Esmarusa
Should not be a problem. Did any USB drivers come with the portable E\CG monitor? I would un-install (don't just disable them, remove them) the ECG monitors from the computer device manager, then run the install disk that came with them, and then reconnect them. USB will then discover the right drivers for them. USB sees new hardware and tries to find a driver for it. Sometimes is gets it wrong. But then it doesn't want to let go of it. So you have to un-plug the device, delete/uninstall the drivers, maybe reboot, install the correct drivers using the CD drive or what you can find on Google for it, and ONLY THEN dare to plug-in the device and let USB discover it and find the right driver.
I had it on my windows 7 computer and it was great. It does not work on windows 8. The unit has a screen that displays the reading and keeps a history So you can tell the rhythm but no print out.
Yes,I can save generated data in the computer with Wondow XP
Yes it does.
Yes it does, as well as a USB connector.
Mine did. Both 3 lead wires and a supply of electrodes.
I agree with Ronda F. Luce MD. It works better when you hold it with right hand and apply the machine to chest. The ECG looks like a CM5/V5M. I've never used it to a pacient with atrial fibrilation or another arrythmia without P wave but i suppose it will work fine. There is a little interference on ECG. When you use holding with your 2 hands, the ECG looks like D1 (so, the ECG will depend your cardiac axis) and there is more interference. I bought this machine because it permits to use leads but it hasn't been necessary.
No it doesn't. You have to know your rhythms. It does tell you if there are missed beats but that could be interpreted a lot of different ways. You can see the p waves st seg qrs but only as a general reading normal or not. It isn't able to measure the segments.
Yes.
Yes you can see the p wave and the disc that comes with it will allow you to save and print the recording. The unit accommodates windows 7 not windows 8 or 8.1. awesome unit.
I don't think it will work! Red is a strong dye and the color remover states it won't work on synthetic fabrics. I thought I could change a royal blue hoodie to just a lighter color - it had some synthetic polyester fabric in it, but it was mostly cotton. It turned the most ugly color of orange you have ever seen in your life. It's seriously not worth your money, time, or frustration to use this product. I'm not sure what it works on, but nothing I've tried it on has worked... especially if there's some synthetic fabric lurking in the material.
You know, I wouldn't try it. Every piece of fabric is different, and the dye in the cloth on each one is also different. Rit Dye Color Remover has not worked well for me. I've used it on clothing that I just wanted the color toned down, and in each case, that is not what happened. The color completely changed - I had a royal blue designer hoodie that Rit Color Remover Changed to the ugliest shade of orange you have ever seen. You need to know that it doesn't work like it's supposed to work. If you put a lot of items in the washer, thinking it will lighten or bleach some of the color out of each one evenly, you will be very disappointed. The color that comes out of one, may mix with another color. You could end up with an entire washer load full of a really horrible color. This is a product that's really good to use on things you are trying to revitalize; nothing and I repeat, nothing you like. If you really like it don't use this product. And it's really only enough for one piece of clothing. That's what I think. Not a fan of this product at all. Expect the worst.
It won't turn pink. Red turns to something close to Nantucket red if let soak for a short time. It will usually progress to a rusty orange and then a faded yellow if left longer. You want a bright pink then you're going to have to re-dye it after removing all the red. I wouldn't recommend agitating the water unless you're flipping the dress on the opposite side halfway through the soak.
Yes
It really depends on the fabric type, I've had great success removing the color from some things while other things it didn't work at all.
I used it on white jeans to remove a yelow spot and it worked for me. I used the boiling water method rather than the washing machine method.
It is possible that it will remove existing dyes and not just the new dye. There is not really a way to know for sure until you use it. I used it on a white striped shirt, and it changed the color of the striping (which was thankfully thin anyway, so it didn't make a big difference), but it did not remove all the dyes from the shirt either. I would recommend only using this product on something which is beyond help through any other method anyway, so that you have nothing to lose. I had a giant yellow stain that was completely removed and would have rendered the shirt useless otherwise, so I was willing to take the risk.
I would say this is probably risky. I would be wary of the 23% synthetic fiber content. I had 100% cotton that I was working with when I used it, and as you can see above, it had very variable results. The answer would lie in how much you like your jeggings, I guess.
Hi Hollie , I am not positive if it would work ,I only used it to remove large hot pink stains off my white wool coat . The price is not bad, but I would try it on similar material and see what happens first incase it doesn't work to be safe .eaxh fabric is sensitive and if left to long may disinergrate . Good luck
It will probably ruin the shirt, or change the color drastically. This color remover is like very strong bleach.
No It's not made for that but their are body paints that are . Here is one that Amazon sells http://www.amazon.com/Glominex-Glow-Dark-Face-Paint/dp/B00E83EGCI/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1399583772&sr=8-8&keywords=glow+in+the+dark+body+paint
It works on slick plastic sheet, but you need a nice glob for full glowing effect and time to dry. So, If you painted on a more vertical surface, the glob may drip down before it is completely dry and mess up your design.
Yes, but don't let it get wet. Also, it leaves a gritty coating that you can see and feel. I painted the edges of a side table that had glass "rocks" and had to scrub it off the glass as it looked and felt icky. I also painted a thin line around a light switch cover and you can feel the grittiness. Doesn't really work for outdoor items, as by the time the sun sets, the glow is feeble. Works great indoors, though!
that's the color it glows when exposed to light. Even in the jar, when exposed to light, the substance will glow. Cool, huh?
I have added 2 years indoors still like new I would say for the stones don't put it on the stepping area put it on the face it will be seen and I believe it will last a long time that is an educated guess I have my fingers crossed it will help you it is a good product
I think paper, wood and acryillic would work fine. I cannot see why it would not work.
your most welcome!
it dries almost clear. Cleat enough if you put it on top of a color, you will be able to see the color under the ultra-blue.
yes, you would still be able to see the dark blue ball underneath. As long as you charge the glow paint it will glow. Ultra-green is much brighter and glows longer.
Not a good grade of material: If your Using for safety not a good grade: comes off with water , dew etc. Go up in your choices
Yes it can be used outdoors, but you will want to seal it.
several coats of clear polyurethane should be a good sealant. I recommend 5-6 light coats. Although I haven't had the item outside for long so I can't speak to the durability
Yes
you cannot mix it with any paint. you can only mix it with a clear medium. If you look on the description, it states this color is not the brightest. you need to charge it with a very bright light source or a true black light in oorder to get the best glow from it.
yes, you will need to let it dry for several hours. You will need to charge the paint with a bright light source in order to get it to glow properly. It is not the brightest paint. I would recommend the ultra-green.
the water based paint is perfect for clay pots. please note the white is not our brightest paint, if it is not getting the proper light it needs to charge, it will not glow to its ability. I will suggest the ultra-green water based paint.
I would have to say that it drys pretty quickly, depending on how much you put on it. Within a half hour. Remember, it needs several coats before getting the effect that you are looking for.
Yes, but it may not be white under black light.
It doesn't work at all on our house numbers; so my guess is no.
Probably not, it has the consistency of glue rather than paint
It's actually a dirty white color like most glow in the dark products...then after activated brightest color I have seen. Keep in mind the glow in the dark part is gritty like sand mixed with a binder to attach it to surface (binder does not glow)
I know this product will not air dry you must put it as close to the Sun as possible or use lasers to heat it up.
Liz, to be honest the paint did not work at all for me. I was very disappointed.
No
No
It works on vinyl and will work on spandex/clothing... I just don't know how long it will stay. I used the excess I had left on an old pair of adidas sandals (the stripes) and nearly 3months later, despite all the wear and beach/rain/water, they still glow strong... I don't know what you have intended, but machine washing I haven't tested... As far as reacting to substances vinyl will work no issue, spandex will def work at 1st, just up in the air how low if it's going to be washed... :) hope that helps
Very good product. Should paint with white first for a brighter glow.
I used it to paint shells and it looks great and glows pretty good as for painting glass jars it paints clear just don't glob a bunch on. I recommend the green for the longest glow it does glow for awhile.
I would say no
With a coat of primer, but a half ounce won't cover much. It will glow for about an hour and taper down over night.
I used epoxy and made glow in the dark handles on my outdoors knife And it's AWSOME
I would try a 1/4 tsp of the powder in the bottle,mix and test for briteness. The v10 powder is not only brite it stays brite far longer than your basic glow in the dark paint or stick. Good luck I hope this helps:)
It's a very small amout. About a Tablespoon, maybe just a bit more, in a small baggie.
5 minute epoxy with the glow powder added to it. You will need to charge it when you want it to glow and I use a black light.
Aside from exposing the powder to light, no activation is required.
White-ish... tinge of yellow
It must be non water base. Because the sandy texture of the product you will need a lot of it. If you apply a clear coat over it you may be able to combine it with the clear but all depends how glow you want it and the finish you are looking for.
I wouldn't!!! It's not good to breath in!!! Also, there is no color in the daylight, and it wouldn't stick to anything. If you were doing your Holi in the dark, how would you first charge it up,? and it would not glow long enough in the fine amounts that you would be throwing onto people. Plus, it's quite expensive!!! Using it for holi would be a total waste of your time and your money, and it might also be quite dangerous to inhale as the particles are quite crystalline and maybe quite injurious to the lungs and or eyes. Stick with "real" holi powders!!!!
Those would cure too damn fast, you wouldn't have time to work with it. I'd stick with 2 ton epoxy, or something that doesn't set in 5 min. Mix your amount of epoxy, then add the powder until it has the consistensy of play doe. You'll have enough time to do what you want...
Need more detail to answer this question. Don't really understand the purpose intended. If you intend to take a picture of the bottle glowing in the dark, cover the outside with their laquer based paint, or just make your own with the powder and some model aircraft dope.
Yes, the software has a great trace feature that let's you cut almost any shape or logo imaginal. I constantly import silhouettes that I find online and cut out all kinds of shapes and logos.
It will cut any regular sign vinyl, including holographic, reflective, metallic, and rhinestone templates I guess you may go up to 0.030"~0.75 mm...but even if it may be able to cut thick vinyl, leather, thick paper, etc I personally do not recommend it.The hardware (step motors, belt bearings and so) do not look exactly heavy duty/industrial...is more of a craft "home edition" build...To cut thick materials it has to put a lot of pressure on the blade and a also a lot of stress on the gears/motors, and it may brake. Please provide more details about your application.
The product is approximately the size of a desk top printer... maybe 5 inches wider... height and depth are about the same.
Yes it does just make sure the rolls are 12" in width and have a way or spindle for easy feeding from the back I believe US cutter has something for it.
If you use vinyl sticker material it would provide a better seal and crisper lines with higher resolution, however, it might be like removing a band aid when you're done.
No. It's not the best software, most people on blogs recommend upgrading. I still use sure cuts alot. It crashes frequently and is not the most user friendly thing I've ever used but a few hours of youtube/blog reading can get it up and running. Windows only.
Yes, I have used mine with heat transfer vinyl.
No. It just a cutter.
This is designed for cutting vinyl sheets. Are you referring to cutting a pattern to put on fabric to cut with scissors? If so I would say yes, but note the size limitation with this cutter.
not if it is compatible with mac, I just cut vinyl and adhesive vinyl fabric, so far so good. windows 7
The bottom is open. Possibly you could use casters that have a U shaped mount. Haven't tried it myself. The cabinet is very heavy so look at extra heavy weight bearing casters. I wound up using furniture sliders under mine.
I think so.
I use it for sewing almost exclusively. I don't experience any bounce when I am sewing, but maybe you are more experienced than myself. The top is plenty deep for me and the fabric. I don't know how much space you would like on the sides with the space for chair in the middle. I hope this helps.,
From the manufacturer: Please see image #6 on the product page. It shows all main measurements. If you are looking for a measurement that is not showed on the drawing, let us know and we will find it for you.
On the left side, above the pull-out drawer, the shelf dimension is 8-inch (H) x 11-inch (W) x 14.5-inch (D). On the right side, the large opening dimension is 25.5-inch (H) x 11-inch (W) x 9.75-inch (D); the two shelf panels are adjustable by selecting the array of pin locations to customize the height desired for each shelf.
Not that I noticed.
It's 30-inches high. I'm 5'5" and it's too short for me to work comfortably standing up for any length of time.
No it's quite big but you set it up in different parts so you could maybe place part of it in a closet
2-FT 4-inches I love this desk it was my Christmas Present. Your chair should be just fine.
Press board
Hey Patricia, Monogram Wizard is a software program. Lynette
I am not even sure what Chromebook is. I run it on my PC, it is pretty fool proof. My embroidery machine is a Brother SE400. Hope that helps!
Windows 7 for sure yes! Brother SE270D I am not sure. I have the 425 however as long as the 270 is USB capable and is an embroidery machine I would think so. I would contact monogram wizard directly though to find out. Hope that helps!
Go to monigramwizard.com and look for specs or call them. I have brother machines
It's works well no issues
Yes it does!
I always order my fonts for Monogram Wizard from www.needleheads.com.
I just got my Beadsmith 1-Step BIG Looper - it makes an eye 3mm inside diameter. Took me a few head pins before I got the feel of the device. I don't have full use of my left hand because of a stroke, but I was able use it. The other Beadsmith 1-Step Looper makes a loop approximately1.4 or 1.5 ID. I THINK I'm going to order that one also, I'm not sure which model this one is, so just make certain before you order. I think this one makes the small loops.
You'll need pliers (chain-nose or round-nose) to close the loop all the way. Watch this video for a tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUAG8JBltEE
Yes, it is possible. But if you are using glass beads, I would not get the bead too close, it will break it. As long as the bead isn't too large. I had a small glass bead break when I got to close to the "looping" part of the tool. I am still learning with it though.
So far it has held up well for me - still cuts sharply. I do not recommend you use it with memory wire though!
no, can't do wrapped loops. and doesn't work well with soft silver. but works fantastic with any hard wire!
It will work with memory wire, but because of the stiffness of the wire it requires some manipulation. I only tried one cut though..
With the bead hard up against the stop, the cutter starts to put a nick in the wire 8mm away.
Perhaps contacting the manufacturers would help. Have had no problem with mine so far.
about the same size as an eye-pin.. I love it.. now I can make the pins as long or short as I want.. this gadget is amazing.. I do have head pins. but I find myself skipping them and just doing a loop and a dangle at the end of items. it is fun to experiment.. I've used different sizes of wire.. it works great.. not thick wire.. I am hoping beadsmith will make various sizes of this looper..
Normal head pin size - probably can accommodate twice that size. I forget the actual guages right now. If you want me to check when I am at home I could since I have larger size guages too. You will be very happy with the product.
You mean when you buy this sample pack, you want to change one of these colors for a different one? Unfortunately, I believe the answer is no, you can't; you'll have to buy the color separately. On the other hand, I can tell you that the colors they offer in the sample pack are A) all pretty cool (cooler than they look in the photo), and B) you can (kind of) blend the colors with each other to get interesting new shades....
I have no idea. You could thin a bit of it down and try. It is more consistency of acrylic paints.
I assume you want to know if it will wash off in rain, right? Haven't tried it myself, but I THINK it would be safe outdoors (it's certainly nontoxic, another concern); you might want to coat the surface with a clear coat like a spray enamel after it dries. Hmmm.... That's a really good question! You might try the company folks directly, too. They're really nice, friendly, and helpful.
Yes it can be used on clay pots outdoors. But I would suggest a few things. First, you need to get it on very thick (about 1/8"). Keep in mind that the product is only charged from direct, line of sight, sunlight and only the last 20 minutes counts. Therefore, the pots will need to be in direct sunlight in the absolutely latest part of the day. Even then, the East side of the pot will be extremely dim compared to the West side of the pot.
Yes, kids certainly CAN use the WATER-BASED paints--they are completely nontoxic and easy to clean up. I wouldn't recommend the solvent-based paints for most kids under eleven or twelve though, as they're rather smelly, like rotten eggs, and will cause permanent stains. (Don't ask me how I know.) However: You might want to save the paint for when your kids are a little older, partly because of the cost (this stuff is serious material, folks, and priced accordingly), and partly because the texture is a little hard to work with if you're not used to "real" paint. It's somewhat thick, opaque, and can be a little gritty, and it dries pretty quickly. Using it is a bit like working with Liquid Paper (remember that stuff?). In other words, it's best to use it when you have some painting experience, patience, and a steady hand--or when you really, REALLY need glow-in-the-dark purple eyes staring at you every night as you go to sleep. For more useful painting tips, I recommend reading other reviews posted here, particularly G. Minch's review from April 4, 2013--lotsa nice detail; thanks! Also, the product description example of painting stars with a baby syringe? It works--but it takes PRACTICE. If you're going to go that way, I say try it with a MUCH cheaper paint of similar texture first!
I was actually going through all my paints and came across some of these glow paints I still had left over from a couple years ago and took them into the bathroom and turned lights out and couldn't believe that they still worked so YES they definitely last!!
Just paint the Ultra Green V10 paint over the black. Most of the black will still show through. Make sure to paint it thick, between 1/16" - 1/8" coating.
Your biggest challenge will be light pollution. The product is great, but you need a dark setting to see the effect, particularly the colored ones. I would use a UV light if you want it visible. Best product though, you won't find better.
I have absolutely no idea
I used it on wrought iron.
Yes. It is hollow.
The sizes are "Foot Length: 9.4" (24CM) Height (Top to Ankle): 6" (15.5CM) Foot Width: 3" (8CM)"
Very hard plastic. Sturdy. I made a slit between the toes to accommodate sandal jewelry. Good buy!
Thanks for your inquiry my dear friend! No it's not flexible. It's made of sturdy plastic Rubber. It can be used to model a shoe, but please notice the size. Hope to deal with you soon!
Using the larger mat is definitely easier if your project is atleast 12 x 12. I am not familiar with the differences in quality of vinyl that I have purchased in the past. I usually purchase what seems to be the best deal. And transfer tape will make your job soooo much easier than trying to peal it off the vinyl and apply yourself. Thanks
They are a multi use mat, as well they sell spray adhisive for the mat's to extend the overall life of the mat. Only to be used when the sticky tops from holding the paper.
This is for a single two pack. 2 sheets of 12 x 24. This is a great size
I would not cut the 12 x 24 mat into 2 12 x 12 mats. They are designed for larger projects and can be used to create wall decor. I would just buy the 12 x 12 mat if that is the size they need. The mats are very sticky and cutting them in the middle would be sticky and the mat might have trouble loading.
StandardGrip are the brand new mats that came out a few months ago.
Yes, these mats look like the picture. The packaging states that these mats are not compatible with the Cricut Imagine. Hope this answers your question.
I have no idea
Can't help, don't have one of these. Sorry.
Deborah, Yes it can be used with the Explore. The mats are standard with our Explore, Expression and Expression 2 machines.
I guess I never noticed an odor on my mat, and I've been using them for many years. I keep the plastic protector on it when I'm not using it. And when it's in use, whatever paper I'm cutting is covering the mat. I would assume that the longer one uses it, the odor would begin to dissipate.
To be honest after ripping my paper tring to grt it off, I went right to amazon and ordered the light grip
These packs come with 2 mats. I write with permanent marker when I start using mine with the date at the top of it. My last set I used for about 4-5 months. I do anywhere from 20 - 100 sheets of paper per week, depending on my orders. I use with cardstock, paper, vinyl, projector film sheets. I use one side for printed mark cut outs and spin top to bottom for solid sheets. (so I'm using every inch lol) I use these with my silhouette machine because they are really sturdy. When the mat starts to lose its stickiness I run under water with a tiny bit of soap, use my hand to lightly scrub clean, rinse and let dry. I love these mats! I have been using circuit mats for about 2 1/2 years
Yes you can!
Yes, you can and I have done so myself. I have the 12x24 mat but have not used it. I have cut out a 6x4 photo &#128522;. Have fun exploring!
Yes
I have found that this mat is made for heavy card stock or vinyl. Using any thin decorative paper will not come off. Over time the sticky will reduce. They make a light sticky mat that is good for the thin paper.
I use these mats with my Cameo. They are super sticky though so use a towel and remove some of that or it will ruin your first couple of projects.
I don't have a Cameo, but I've used it with my Cricut Expression and I love it. It does a great job!
Definitely black!!!
The entire body of the stocking is all floss. There are seven pieces of red wool yarn used to create a braided hanger for the stocking
I'm not sure why that information is not available but I'm working on the stocking shown and can tell you that it has 12 holes per inch.
The number represents the number of stitches per inch of canvas. This determines the type of fibers one uses to stitch the piece. I have completed this kit and it their recommendations produces a nice stocking. If it uses thread which I believe it did. Separate the six strands and then put back together and don't use any thread longer than 12 inches per piece or they will fray as you pull them thru the canvas. I hope this helps. M
Cotton floss came with the product but I used cotton and silk floss I had.
This a painted canvas ready for needlepoint. It is not a blank canvas for counted stitch work. The canvas is pretty accurate in line with the stitch chart.
Wool
Yes
Most definitely you can! You would only need to cut the blocks to the size you are comfortable using. Melt and pour would be needed if you wanted the soap to be molded, scented, and/or colored.
Yes, sodium hydroxide is another name for lye.
I think about a quart. I cut it up and melted it in a quart sized mason jar in a boiling pot of water. I didn't really pay attention to how much liquid it made, but I think I filled the jar twice and when melted was half a jar. This soap melts pretty quickly and is easy to work with.
I actually used it long ago and don't know the dimensions.
I think there are instructions on the package but I put it in a plastic bowl and microwaved it for 30 seconds on high, stirred it and repeated until it was melted. Cleanup was easy since it is soap. You could probably also do it on a stove but I'm not sure of the timing.
No, it isn't sticky at all. Very nice and clean feeling.
It is unscented
Yes you can see softer but better in my opinion
I have not tried that. I get the glycerin goats milk.
It will work with that oven. Great starter kit, easy do understand.
I believe the set only comes with one scent. Yes you can add any scent to soy wax, no special kind . I use liquid and buy from soy essentials, their are others out there than run sales now and then also. Have Fun!
Any Soy Flakes
I ordered this item and yes you get everything in the picture (:
From what I can recall, the melting pot, and pot to boil the water, thermometer, soy wax chips, scent oil, wooden sticks, wick sticks and glasses.
You'll have enough to make 4-6 candles. I ordered some additional wax since I wanted to make more. Hope this helps.
Water and wax generally don't mix and food coloring is water based. It will not burn properly. Candle dyes or crayons work best in my experience.
It's a vanilla essential oil...
No, this is only the extended multi-purpose platform. What you could do though is add a magnetic sheet to it, not as strong as magnetized platform, but helps. A little. It is what I do when using thinlets or framelets.
Correct. I have a Big Shot and I do not use a wafer.
I have never needed them
No. They are sold separately.
You either need this one plus the plastic cutting plates or the shorter one with the cutting plates. Did your sixxix come with a shorter platform and cutting plates? This one is used for longer items such as borders. I use the shorter one more. Hope this answers your question.
This is like a regular platform that comes with the Big Shot but it is extended meaning it is longer, same thickness same width just longer.
If you have the Fiskar Fuse they why bother with this which is designed for Sizzix machine uses only not the Fiskar. Your machine uses the Fiskars Fuse Creativity System Adapter Kit (102060-1001) instead which you can get here: http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-Creativity-System-Adapter-102060-1001/dp/B008B5BRY4/ref=sr_1_2?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1427367505&sr=1-2&keywords=Fiskars+Fuse Hope that helps. Dawn
There have been a couple of times I needed a little something more. I find 1 - 2 pieces of card stock is all that is ever needed. I keep them, they last for months of use. There is a shim on this platform. I hope this helps.
I don't know. I already had the silicone rubber pad & the impressions pad. Sorry I can't be more helpful.
It covers both embossing & die cutting. Mine arrived with hinges broken, I just use it the way it is.
Smooth
As per the item's description, you will find the following letters in each package: Package Contents: 3x - I 2x - A,B,D,E,H,K,M,N,O,S,T, & U 1x - C,F,G,J,L,P,Q,R,V,W,X,Y, & Z
it includes one each of c,f,g,j,l,p,q,r,v,w,x,y,z two each of a,b,d,e,h,k,m,n,o,s,t,u and three of i
Yes, they will be able to.
you push the spikey part through the fabric then on the other side of the fabric you fold in the spikey things
No, they will not because I put some on the pocket of my backpack, I always throw my backpack on the ground and it scraps on the floor. But good thing these are really good studs because never got a scratch on them and they were pretty easy to attach. I thinm you will have a fun time with these studs. Btw once you order them make sure you make a review about it. Thank you so much for asking me btw.
The gold might not peel off, but it could rust. Since it isnt real gold. So I will be doing an experiment on it for you by putting in a bowl filled with water and I will answer you by tomorrow or an hour later to she what happens. Thank you and have a good day,
4 prong - on the flat sides.
Yes, that's the price.
No. Ive been waiting for nearly 3 weeks now
It depends what kind of material the phone case is:) if it's a rubber case you could probably stab the stud through
Yes , sure u can just fold the little end tacks in and glue it on the case , that'll be really good ..they arent too big and not too small so im sure they would look great :]
It was about 50 I counted then
Good Afternoon, Thank you for your question. Included with the Big Shot are a pair of Standard Cutting Pads and the adjustable Extended Multipurpose Platform. This makes all Sizzix components thinner than a Bigz Die, compatible with the Big Shot Machine, and even works with other brands' dies and embossing tools. The diagrams on the Extended Multipurpose Platform offer easy guidelines about how to make the perfect Sizzix sandwich. This starter kit includes the following designs: 1 Bigz die (Basic Shapes) 2 Medium Sizzlits dies (Butterfly, Delicate; Flowers #20) 1 Framelits die set (Basic Shapes) 1 A2 Large Textured Impressions Embossing Folder (Dotted Lattice) 10 Assorted Samples of Core'dinations Cardstock The Big Shot Machine measures approximately 14 1/4 x 12 3/8 x 6 5/8" and features a three-year limited warranty. If there is anything else we can do for you, please let us know. Thank You, Shop to Craft Customer Service Team
Hi! This one is the starter kit which comes with a couple of framlets, embossing folders, etc.. I highly recommend for beginners it helped me figure out what everything was before I started buying stuff. The other one looks like its just the machine. Kathy
Good Morning, Thank you for your question. While we can not say if it is more portable than the Cuttlebug, it it weighs a little more than 1 lb. The Big Shot Machine measures approximately 14 1/4 x 12 3/8 x 6 5/8", so it would depend on the size of the suitcase. If you have any other questions please let us know. Thank You, Shop to Craft Customer Service Team
Yes, I have cut copper roof flashing with it. In order for it to cut metal you only use the thick dies. It won't' work on the sizzlits. Use the Vintaj embossing folders made for embossing metal for the best results.
Yes with the dies .I use the 5in square to make charm packs.I keep my layers only on 2 .There is tutorials on utube watch them. Hope this helps. Have nice day
Yes it does. No problem.
I have embossed 30g copper. If the metal is thin enough to roll through without forcing the handle, it will emboss.
Big shot come with the multi purpose platform and the machine, that's it. The one with the kit has that and Also includes 1 Bigz Die, 2 Sizzlits Dies, 1 Textured Impressions Embossing Folder, a Framelits set, 10 solid yardstick samples and an instruction booklet. They never specify which dies, I assume its what the have the most of on hand.
I purchased mine from Amazon and it came with an Extended Multi-Purpose Platform. I don't understand the question about a "magnetic" platform. My platform is a removable one.
I'd say 5x7 is a standard size or smalle .
When the machine originally came out the multipurpose platform was not included and was not even available. I purchased mine in 2010 and it was not included then. It is now included in the later versions.
Faith- I use my other embossing folders in the Sizzix Big Shot all the time. You can also use other cutting dies. Sandra
It will emboss thin metal sheets, like something you would use on a scrapbook page. I don't know of an embossing folder that would be strong enough to emboss a thicker sheet of metal. I have recently seen sizzix dies to cut metal for jewelry.
Aloha Retha, Yes, it does cut through 6 layers of cotton fabric or more. But a couple of material will be hanging on so you have to cut along the edges. It beats using a rotary cutter and measuring. Die cuts sure come in handy. I hope this was helful for you to decide on purchasing a Big Shot.
Yes it will come with the machine plus the plates to run die cuts and embossing folders thru. It will not come with the the embossing folders nor dies you must get those seperate.
6" wide
Yes, I have cut material. Muslim and it turned out nice.
Yes. You can use the Anna Griffin dies on the Sizzix. Use it exactly in the sandwich that Anna describes in her instructions but use it with 'no tabs'. The bottom platform on the extended Sizzix platform will act as your Cuttlebug A Plate. Use the two clear plates that come with your Sizzix as your Cuttlebug B Plates. Make the sandwich with the rubber mat that comes with Anna's cutting dies in the same configuration as she describes. Emboss also just as she describes in her instructions still using 'no tabs'. I bought the Sizzix for use with the Anna Griffin dies because I found it nearly impossible to get them through the Cuttlebug. The Sizzix did a great job with little effort. Great machine. Will be buying additional dies from this company. Hope this helps.
If you have a Stampin Up demonstrator, they offer it in black. From what I have read, local scrapbook stores offer a different color than the big box stores like Michael's, HL, etc. I have been researching because, I want a certain color. From what I can find the Big Kick and Big Shot are the same except for teh exterior look, i.e. handle design. Hope that helps and maybe more will comment.
All of sizzix dies are able to be used on the big shot. You can also use the embossing folders as well. Hope that helps.
No they are regular sewing needles
Sorry, my daughter just told me the bobbins are metal. But again the thread quality is poor.
Metal
I'm not sure? But another mom I know says Yes.
I was happy to see how well this set worked with the Michley Lil' Sew and Sew sewing machine. I bought the machine and the kit for my 8 year old granddaughter and it was great because she didn't have to rewind a bobbin because there was so many bobbin colors included. That can always be a tricky thing to learn to do and this kit eliminated the hassle...of course the scissors are not great, but that's to be expected.
No. The stuff just comes in a flimsy plastic tract that slides in and out of a paper board box. We bought a small box to serve as a sewing kit.
They are the standard size bobbin and spools. They should be versatile to all machines. The machine may be small but the basics should be the same.
Since I am a guy and never really though that there were any other sizes than one, sorry I can't tell you? They fit my Singer Machine, is all I can compare with..
I was desapointed with the purchase.The spools are very small,tiny,not sure if they hold 250 yards.not even close to that number.
I am not sure.
I have the same mannequin and you can bend the arms some at the elbow area, but it is stiff foam.
Hello, yes they are
Yes they are removable.
Yes it is a very durable dress form.
To me he is straight legged. Wish i could send you a pic of mine so u could actually see. This is the most realistic mannequin ive seen.
Unfortunately my supplier only sells this model with the glass base.
Yes, they can. They are plastic so use paints that work well with plastic.
The fingers are stuck together.
Yes, the base comes with it.
It is a pretty standard size male frame, the exact measurements are listed on the amazon listing to give you an exact idea of what size you might need.
If you are planning on using the glass base, the answer is NO. Free standing you might get by with 100lbs. Chuck
Yes it is! It is also compatible with the disc bound books in the martha stewart line (what I use it for) at staples.
Yes
Yes! That's why I bought this to use with my Martha Stewart notebook. All the pages on inside tho was used with the Arc line. You can only punch 2 pages at a time tho but still was worth paying half the price staples wanted for theirs!
3 Segments 3 pushes
It looks like it will. Seems to have the same disc ideas and the whole punch looks the same.
Our Levenger Circa Punches cannot be guaranteed with any brand other than Levenger.
I would say no. I used paper with extra weight and even that was difficult.
It didn't work for me. The page hung up in the holes. Thanks
Hello, actually the 3 hole punch is spread out over 11 tabs that it can punch. This should cover your junior and letter size. As you adjust the lever you can also punch other sizes too(Example Compact,Card,PDA. This is a very good tool for single sheets and on the go. Thanks Ava
Yes but be careful, mine broke on the first use. I put more than 1 sheet in it.
That is what I've found tricky. I melted the tip of the wax stick with a lighter waiving it through the flame so I wouldn't catch the wax on fire. After a few trial runs, the wax will hold a small flame which will drip onto the envelope if it gets too hot. After getting 6-7 drops onto the envelope, I'll place the hot end of the wax stick onto the dripped wax to create a circle big enough for my stamp. I've found that this saves wax and also helps create a uniformed area for the stamp.
The seals are flexible enough to survive the postal system. I have sealed several letters with this wax and all arrived with the seal intact.
You'll have to hold it near a small flame to warm the wax. It's a two-handed operation with a lighter, but it works well enough.
Yes. I have verified that the seals work with many different recipients.
China
I have not tried to do that myself. But if you do try to. Please be careful.
That's a good question. I have a larger seal and one stick lasted approx. 20 envelopes.
Sorry that we just send to the United States. Thank you and have a nice day!
Get a small spoon or ladle and put the wax inside of it, then wave the spoon/ladle over the flame of a candle. No chance of any scorching.
It's a transparent sheet that is sticky on one side. It's not completely clear and it's not tape in the true sense of the word. It's sticky on one side, but not overly sticky. I use it for adhesive vinyl designs I cut out with my cricut. I put it on top and I can see the image through it depending on the color of the vinyl so I can easily place the sticky side of the vinyl on objects, walls etc. I hope that helps!
I think this would be to sticky and hard to work with for stenciling, maybe try sticky vinyl, that's what I use.
No, its almost just like masking tape, but more durable.
It sticks well to wood, sometimes a little too well. I use it to apply vinyl to wood projects. It has pulled the paint off of the wood a time or too, so just use it with caution. Works great for my projects though.
In a manner of speaking. I have used one piece multiple times with no issues. But I have found sticking it back to the roll does not work so well for me. Also the smaller the piece the easier it is as it does not fold onto itself.
No it does not
yes, Heidi. It was medium tack and is working very well with all of our vinyl projects. You can go to the vendor's site and make sure if you still have questions about it.
I never Received my order!!! So I really don't care
its about an 1.5 x 1.5 inch. the one i got came from Hong Kong so it will take some time to receive.
It's about two inches by two inches.
I have not yet received to patch so I cannot help with this. Sorry.
I will tell you its is the size of a yankee candle top on the big glass jar, I lied its smaller I am measuring it and the nose is bright yellow cause my daughter does not like that. Three inches wide and two inches tall and when I say three inches wide that is whisker to whisker.
They don't "open" ... they are supposed to slide through the eye-hole on the garments zipper and just loop it over, tug on it, and it should stay "forever". I got a bunch of these for my granddaughters - - 4 girls - and each has their own color to identify their matching sweaters, etc. Maybe ask someone in person to show you how. It really should be a cinch.
Yes, there were 12 in the package I received.
Six different colors
from the top of the cord to the bottom of the clasps the are 3 1/2 inches long.
Around 3"
Yes, they are!
There are no pages inside and it's 50 protectors. You can put 2 pages in each (so it's front and back). Hope that helps.
Yes they hold 12x12 pages you can fit two back to back or one double sided. They are good quality too.
They have 3 holes for a loose leaf binder. Don't think that works for post bound, but not sure.
It is the hole spacing that is standard--that's why it is called "standard." 12 x 12" pages with punched holes will fit the rings of any standard binder, but the page will extend beyond the edges of a binder of smaller dimensions.
I don't know...but they are good quality so I would say most likely.
Yes, mine is a 3 hole book.
Yes, These do.
I'm really sorry I don't know. Not familiar with those products.
I have not tried them yet, but that is what I plan to use the fuse tool on. That's the only page protectors I have been using after CM quit selling their original good page protectors.
These were purchase mainly for painting boards and other painted products. However, they visually worked for all kinds of chalk boards. There is a better constrast with the darker boards but they work well on any chalk board paint products. Good luck and I hope this helped.
Hi, I 99% sure they can't be used on t-shirts because the instructions say they have to be used on a nonporous surface. But for (most) chalkboards, all glass (including empty photo frames to write yourself notes), mirror, etc., they are wonderful! I was leery of the pastel colors I ordered as far as showing up but they great. HAGD.
No it does not have an door.
I accidentally got some green on a white tee. It's permanently marked. And it bleeds a bit.
I used the markers on a tray that I painted. As long as you don't want to use and re-use as a chalkboard, they should work great!
You can but it doesn't look very bright or full. It looks more like a watercolor on paper.
yes. You have to use a wet sponge
Yes , I think you would be ok using this chalks anywhere , they wash off very easy and non toxic too
These are great. However, they are not really far tip and they erase even if you rub them with your finger.
I wouldn't. I think they are made more for a smooth surface like a blackboard. I think they will wear down too soon used on rough concrete.
The number of compartments is up to you, as it has dividers for the different trays...Love this!! Lots of options!!
I was wondering that as well when I was going to get this. It does have a clear piece that does latch so the drawers stay secure.
Yes it does, & my granddaughter LOVES it since the drawers lock in place & don't fall out (her old case didn't latch tight & EVERYTHING went everywhere -- quite a mess of rubber bands to sort!
I would say it depends on the size of the beads. I've had this happened where very small beads mixed with some others, but they were very small.
I just tried it. Yes, it does! Diagonally and just barely, but yes. And you can latch it shut!
Definitely in the top. I dont have access to it right now, but I believe the clear cases are cubed off. If you make jewelry, you could separate the them into compartments.
Depends on how long your loom is. Probably not a good choice.
As stated under product details on the Amazon webpage: Product Details: Product Dimensions: 11 x 7.2 x 10 inches ; 2.1 pounds Shipping Weight: 2.9 pounds (View shipping rates and policies)
Hi, You get 20 small & 5 long. This is for the top tray, 2nd tray is all open, & 3rd tray has 3 long ( the whole length of the tray ), diviners & you can not take them out. I really like this set-up as it works for me with all my ear rings I make, this holds all my supplies in one case.
Those are those small rubber bands, right? Yes, it should hold those without any problem.
Yes! They melt quickly too since the pellets are reasonably small. You won't be disappointed with this product :)
Thank you for the inquiry. Short answer is YES.
The package says all natural white beeswax.
It is natural, don't think there any additives
It does not state organic. 100% pure and filtered to remove impurities. As is does not state organic, probably isn't.
I used the wax for making lotions and creams but if using one ounce per votive then it would make around 16 with additives.
It depends on wax collector. It could be bleached or filtered.
Yes, they come in packs of 50 sometimes(so you get 2 packs) but you always get 100 of each. Love them!!
Absolutely. We are happy to exchange the colors out.
Hello, I'm not sure who you ordered from the first time but if you order from SimplySew you will receive the 6 colors in the picture. You are welcome to send us a message when purchased if you would like to choose your own 6 colors.
Yes, we would be happy to substitute colors for you.
I found it too difficult to measure a half millimeter difference. I think it was closer to 5.6, but I really can't be certain. There was no reference to the prong size on the package.
I'm not sure how to answer. My snaps are size 20 according to the package. I know size 14 is smaller than size 20 in this style snap. I haven't seen any marked 4/0 or 1/0.
Yes. Even without yarn inside it holds up well.
it is 11 inches high and 8 1/2 inches in diameter
It will hold 5 standard sized (Caron Simply Soft or Red Heart) skeins of yarn comfortably -- there are also 5 grommets in the top to feed the yarn through. You could squeeze in a sixth skein without trouble. There are no separator for the yarn, but I haven't had any trouble with them getting tangled.
I have a Janome 3160 with an extended table that I can remove. It easily fits inside. The case is 15 1/2 inches deep, 17 inches long and 9 inches wide. The soft sides give you some leeway also.
Absolutely--mine is about the same size and I have room to spare
It's fairly big inside. It holds my Brother sewing machine plus there's space for the attaching table. I am traveling so I can't give you specific dimensions until I get home on Aug 1st. I'd be happy to post the demensions then. Best of luck finding what you want. This bag is great and I use it all the time going back and forth to sewing classes.
My Brother Innovis 1250 D does with plenty of room. Maybe you can compare the dimensions.
four wheels total. two wheels (right next to each other) on each side of the pulling handle. Wheels do not rotate.
Straight line
The interior compartment is 17 inches wide, 9 inches front to back and 13 inches deep. It holds my Brother machine, it's detachable extension, and usually some quilting square rulers. The front pocket easily holds pattern books and other papers, the side pockets hold the foot pedal and other tools. I love mine!
Yes
They are not overly padded, (perhaps a thin layer of padding). The support structure is fairly solid. While I would not check this as luggage on an airplane, I do feel like my machine is protected for transport in my car, etc.
Sadly, no. I also have Viking machines. My old Rose barely fits in it.
3 inches in all three dimensions. If you look closely at the picture, you'll see the zipper is 90 degrees to the bottom seam. It's an interesting design that works really well.
If you look at the second image in the list of images for this item, you can see a grey/gray one with the light brown leather parts.
Hello Thank you like my shop I use China post normal airmail unless otherwise requested. It will take about 15-25days in U.S.A If you have any question,Please feel free to contact me.thank you
Yes, you could carry a sewing machine in this bag. I carry my Cricut die cutting machine in it.
interior dimensions are approximately 17 width x 9 x 16(tall) there is some leeway in the 9" dimension
Yes
Yes
It's just the bag. But, the bag is awesome!
No
Yes, it does.
No it's empty.
The product information line shows:Product Dimensions: 11.5 x 19 x 19.8 inches ; 12 pounds
Hello. Portrait works up to 8" width and Cameo up to 12" width, and they have a different control panel. But the blades, accesories, inner mechanism and cutting software are the same. They both have the optical sanner -very usefull item-. So the principal difference is the width size.
You have to use the custom blades made specifically for the machine (the Portrait and Cameo use the same blades).
I am not sure that I see that in the pics? When I bought mine it included 2 total blades, one mat, and two download cards. That is still what I see in the pics.
You Don't have to buy them from the store. You can design your own or download them from the Internet. There are free vectors all vet the web
Yes it does :)
Yes it does
I really like mine, but I have found the recommended blade settings for cutting fabric are not accurate. I use mine for cutting fabric a whole lot to applique and I go through matts fairly quickly. However, I have had much success cutting vinyl. if I could do it over again I would invest in the cameo for the larger cutting size. Hope this helps!
It comes with two tools which my wife said are a must to get the cut outs off the sheet. Unsure what you mean by all tools but this set does come with two very useful tools.
This bundle does include the Portrait machine, in addition to everything else picture.
200 mm x 300 mm up to 360 x 360. However you can also make a custom sized hoop if your machine has different requirements.
Truthfully I cannot answer the question. I would suggest calling someone that sells the Brother products and ask them to be sure. Hope this helps
Yes, I believe so. I have not done that, but you can create pretty much anything you want.
Absolutely. Viking machines use a HUS, VIP, or SHV format for their embroidery files. PE Design Next can export files created in their software into these and many more file formats to work with not only Viking but Singer, Tajima, Babyloc, and a host of others.
Brother is an international company. It has been successful in hundreds of countries all over the world. I know it was developed in Japan, but as to where it is manufactured I could not say. I make tutorial videos for it on YouTube with over 1,300 subscribers to date. I can assure you it has most of the features you would expect for good commercial software. And No, I do not work for Brother.
If you have this program check on page 81 of the manual. It discusses outputting to a different format. That should help you and also if you want to convert embroidery designs to other formats check on page 223. The other option would be to look what Amazon has in embroidery design book by Carol _______. She gives very detailed instructions. I'm sorry I can't be more helpful but because of copyright laws, I'm afraid to copy down any/all instructions.
Yes
Yes, It is compatible with windows 8
There is no "magic" software on the market that can auto digitize jpeg files into a quality embroidery file. Some do an OK job with very simple designs (think peace sign) and PE Design can compete. However if you are looking for a quality embroidery design on more complex artwork you will have to "hand digitize" it with the tools provided in the software. This software can compete with the most expensive commercial software in auto digitizing and hand digitizing.
It does, but I've had problems so I am not sure what to tell you. They claimed there was a code on the jewel case when I bought it and without that they would not help. There was no code. I had my original sales receipt and they still wouldn't help me. I finally helped myself, but I'm was not happy with those people at Brother.
About 9 inches long and about 6 1/2 inches wide...use it for my buttons...well constructed...like it...
Definitely! That's actually a really good idea; maybe I'll buy another.
Mine showed up with a little crack, but has been holding up.
If you tip it upside down and measure the bottom it's 6.5"; if you measure the top, the lid sticks out a bit more so it's just under 7".
Yes. I use mine for washi tape as well. The lid touches the tape when it's closed, but they fit and it closes completely.
Vendor site says 400ft
Search google for" "Jameco conductive thread 92" and you will find the .pdf tech sheet on the thread. It's a 3-ply, unbonded, nylon, thread that is coated in a silver crystalline structure.
Approx 400-500 feet
It should be. The conductor is a silver laced thread. Here is the datasheet - http://www.jameco.com/Jameco/Products/ProdDS/2144489.pdf - you can contact the manufacturer for complete confidence.
I have not tried Gold. But as for the machine itself, it has taken me 3 months to get it to work "somewhat". First, the Y stepper was jammed. I had to take it apart and use duct tape to get the iron filings out of the stepper motor armature. Then the mirrors had to be aligned, and I am still working on that. The MoshiDraw software is very problematic, it hangs, reboot, engraves unwanted lines that are not there. It will engrave wood and engrave black anodized aluminum at near maximum power. But sometimes it makes growling noises when the carriage to trying to home and won't. Be prepared to "rework" the machine when you get it. Just today I got it to engrave an "Enigma logo" on wood. The user manual is hardly readable or understandable. Be sure the PC for the engraver is NEVER on the internet. I had BIG problems with anti-virus saying that the USB driver was a harmful virus. Don't run a antivirus program because, like me, I had to have the computer store re-install Win XP Pro on the Dell 3500 Workstation, and then just install MoshiDraw only, nothing else, and no Internet connection. Use the CD Rom to transfer files to the PC and the MosiDraw software. Keep a backup of the software so you can re-install if needed.
Yes, but you'll probably destroy about 50 grips before you get it right.
if you can make a hole in the acrylic but 2.4 mm thick work surface is 18 x 20 approx
No is the simple answer. The software is all windows based. And is the weakest link of the device.
I had to re tigthen every screw on the machine in order to make it work, once you do that it has worked just fine
Shipped from Hong Kong. Have not tried any tech support but have not heard good things.
No
Yes
without stand . plz where this stand
You can design in Illustrator, etc. and save as a .svg file. Then import the .svg to the included software for cutting. Super easy.
Looks like it's available again (5 machines left at this writing). You can always order it at KNKUSA.com, and actually it is an updated version that I wish I had known was coming (it has 3 "treads" instead of 2).
Yes of course, I use it in Chile where voltage is 220. The power adapter is universal 100-240 and all you need is an adapter for the plug. The trick in using the Zing is mastering the Make the Cut software and also Adobe Illustrator . Thats all it takes. Zing is Great!!!
its got two and they are fixed , non movable
No.
One, the fabric must be attached to the cutting board. I guess you could glue pieces together and cut but I doubt that is what you want.
No
I haven't tried it but if you get the product Terial Magic and use that to stiffen the fabric before cutting, it should work. I've been using that stiffener for felt and cotton and it works great.
You need to use the provided software. We transferred our images from Photoshop (where we did our editing) to their software. We found the editing software difficult.
I can't imagine it wouldn't - I cut 3 mil chipboard without much problem. You might want to take a look though at their support forum on knkusa.com and ask there to be sure.
The die dimensions are 4 1/2" length by 3" width the finished size is 4 3/8 length by 2 3/4
I use the big shot I know it works with most steel roller dies like the big kick ect. I do not think it will work on a press cut
about 4 in. i think. not too big! not as big as i thought it was when i ordered it but it is pretty.
No
very slightly tilted. 21.5 around head and across the brow.
Yes, very comparable to life size. I'm using it as a planter for some wave petunias at the moment. But a cap, hat or helmet should fit it nicely!
We purchased this mannequin for our daughter to sculpt special effects make up. She sculpts masks and prosthetics over the existing facial features. She enjoys it, and it works well for this purpose.
It is available now.
Yes. It was a gift for my son's girl friend; she loved it!
Some of the spaces are adjustable
Yes, that is what I purchased them for. I however, have my beads bagged, not loose. I have a girlfriend that has her loose, and says that the seed beads are OK loose.
Total of 15 slots: 11 small square slots and 4 rectangle slots about 4 1/2". It's comes with dividers.
They have 4 long compartments that run long wise along the container, about 3/4 of the way, then the rest is a larger rectangular space. There are pieces of plastic that can slide in and make many smaller compartments. Most of your stuff would probably fit, I just don't know if the loom itself would. If it bends, and it's not too large, probably.
Yes because it has sloths that can be adjusted to fit what ever item is going in there.
The trays measure 11.38"L x 8.00"W
There are 3 rectangle shapes on one side and a larger opening the same size as the 3 rectangles together on the other side. Then it comes with a bunch of dividers so you can customize it.
Each compartment case comes out of the carrier , each one is a little under 2 in high with some moveable dividers.
Yes, I iron with a light hand, but I love this item...I keep it in the bedroom and my grand kids keep all kind of stuff in there...when I iron I put a bath towel across the board so I don't scorch anything...I have no problem with it and I would buy again as a shower gift. Hope that helps you. Carole
34 1/2 inches tall 20 inches with ironing board closed 44 1/2 in with ironing board open All measurements approximate
The size of the board when opened is about 3ft 8 in. The cover is sewn on to the board & is pretty sturdy, so I'm not sure how to get a replacement or if you'd even need one.
approx 14 1/2across x 11deep x8 1/2high
Around 9/16"
Easy to rip, even for pretty little hands! My kids love duct tape, too, but they struggle with ripping or cutting that. This is very easy to cut or rip, and fun to use.
The ones I received are 5/8
Yes, you can cut yourself on these. The edges are not covered/protected. We bought these for a science project.
My mirror tiles are 3x3 and though I don't have a small scale for weighing them, they're just a matter of ounces.
Too small and thin to really cut
Yes, some were already broken.
If the container sweets then the Chalk is going to drip off. But yes water works to remove Chalk ink
Hi Shannon, Thanks for your question - and thanks to our customers Gina & Kathy for your helpful responses also :) To answer your question Shannon, it does depend on the type of chalkboard you have as to whether you can use the markers on the board without there being any risk of a faint mark being left after wiping. What you will find is that some chalkboards are made of a porous wood material, which is painted over with blackboard paint. Manufacturers do so in order to save cost. It is far cheaper to produce a board made of soft wood and paint over the surface with chalkboard paint than it is to produce a high quality, non porous chalkboard surface. On such boards, you may find the ink more difficult to remove, primarily as the surface is in fact porous. You may have seen on feedback even for other chalk marker brands that chalk paint is not suitable for chalk marker usage, as chalk paint is not hard and is porous, and by its nature, ink will seep into the pores. That said, our product is water based. If you find the product leaves a faint mark on your chalkboard, you can use Magic Erasers or even Windex to remove the ink. It will in most cases come off quite easily, it just takes a little more effort to remove if there is any porosity in the surface. Without knowing the exact construction of your board Shannon, we would suspect it is a good quality chalkboard given it is being used in a classroom. We would not expect it to be a cheaper quality porous wood board but of course cannot categorically say this is the case. What we would suggest is to trial the markers in a small corner of the board and leave for a day or so, and see if you can remove easily with a damp cloth. As noted above, if you find it leaves a faint mark, try Windex or Magic Erasers to remove the ink. We have trialled on many different chalkboards and have never had an issue in all of our testing, however of course it is very difficult as the supplier to guarantee this will be the case in every situation given we do not manufacture the boards. The most important thing to note is that the ink will come off, it becomes a question of how easily it will do so. Of course it is inconvenient for you moreso than anything if it is not easy to remove simply by wiping with a damp cloth, so we highly recommend testing first. We trust this information assists you. If you require any further assistance or advice, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@chalkthisway.net We thank you for your interest in our product. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
I use them on the 'fake' chalkboard sheets ando in my opinion, they look more fluid than regular chalk. Like what you see on the bright menu boards etc at bars and restaurants. Im thinking depending how intense you make the letters could change how chalky they appear!
I have not used it on canvas. Works great on glasses. Everyone enjoyed decorating their wine glasses!
Hi, thanks for your question. We would not recommend you use Chalk This Way markers on fabric, as this is a porous substance by nature. Chalk Markers are best used on hard, non porous surfaces. Whilst the ink is water based, you may find it stains your fabric and for this reason we would not recommend for this purpose. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
Yes
Windex (with ammonia)
Yes, it works great on chalkboard. Very easy to write with, bright and looks defined. I used mild soap and water to remove an error, took a bit of scrubbing but came clean.
My guess is that they would wash away in rain. I haven't tried it but since they wash away with a wet cloth, I would think rain would wash it away. I haven't tried it though!
Yes, that is what we use them for. This is our second set.
Yes!
two pieces.... the base die and the magnet insert.... you can use other magnet inserts with the base.
Yes
Yes Love it
What you see is what you get. Karen Burnstein has a free floating floor base. http://karenburniston.typepad.com/files/su-floating-floor-template.pdf I THINK THI IS WHAT YOU MIGHT BE LOOKING FOR. Other freebies as well. Hope that helps
Not sure - but think you would have a very hard time getting through anything thicker than 1/4" thick. Have not tried anything thicker than vinyl upholstery material myself. Worked fine for that.
It would seem this would be very good for that. It makes a clean small round hole.
I am using it to punch velcro and it works great! I would say yes to all you questions, but on extra thick material you would want to use caution to be sure you are not taxing the tool That said it is the most heavy duty of three leather hole punchers I have used. Hope that helps.
Hi, the dimensions are 25.5 x 8.5 x 2 cm OR 10.14 x 3.35 x 0.79 inches.
mm
Unfortunately I have not tested it on a nylon cinch strap.
I think it would if it was pretty sharp I know it will cut faux-suede the rest I'm not sure.
Yes, the punch size measurements are in millimeters. can't say for sure if size 3 is the same as a 3mm eyelet, but I would think so.
Most craft stores should have them, check in the jewelry section.
No there are no magnets on them.
It says in the description each bead is 14 mm which is about .55 inch. Hope that helps
The "crystals" are attached together with small rings that can be pulled apart. So no scissors necessary.
192 inches
Hello there, Thank you for the inquiry. It typically takes 2 to 3 weeks to arrrive in US.
They are mainly clear not exactly shiny.
Card board. Mine was bent some but still useful for my need.
3.5 inches
13.5 x 13.25 x 3.5 inches, found this on another site...
13 inches tall and 13 inches wide.
No it is too tall
It's large. I can get at least a full ream of paper in it.
This item is one piece. Thanks ConsumerCrafts
That is exactly what I used it for. Came out beautiful. Much nicer than the ones already made
Nice satin fabric. I used it for Elsa dress for my daughter and friends daughters. Beautiful color, really good quality and price.
It comes as one piece.
Well from my experience I used it to make my grandaughter Elsa's dress from Frozen she wears it to play constantly and I have washed it with gentle soap cold water by hand and line dried so far it's fine
I used this for an Elsa dress for my daughter. I did separates though, using the skirt tutorial here: http://lifeasmom.com/2013/10/diy-dress-up-skirts.html If you make it a straight skirt, you will need a kick pleat in the back or the side slit up the front. If I had it to do over again, I would go to my local fabric store and find a simple sheath dress pattern. I think that's your best bet, but this fabric is terrific for it!
It's not really a stretchy material. It would be the same kind if fabric the average prom dress or wedding dress is.
You can use it as lining but it's quality is too good for that. Of course it depends of what lining will be
Dear Julie, Since these are not stainless steel charms (like the ones we will be carrying soon), they should be kept dry as much as possible. We do have some customers that have worn them in the shower, doing dishes, and have had no issues. Depending on the wearer and usage, you may have issues if exposed to water. However, we do have a 60-day unconditional money-back guarantee so that you can buy in confidence.
All of our items come exactly as pictured, not in random sets as some items. This will ensure you will receive two identical sets when you order two. All the best, Donna Chapin Customer Service Lead The Knights Treasure
We cannot know everyone's body chemistry - there may be a select few with tarnishing problems, or some may expose their charms to excessive wear. Since these are rare occurrences that we cannot predict, we back your purchase with our 60-day unconditional money-back guarantee. If you are having any problems, please contact us right away via the support information included in your package or through your Amazon account, so we can resolve the issue before your warranty period expires.
After the lengthy ordeal of approving a design for final production, we verify the quality of each individual bead by hand. We are careful to be sure there aren't any loose stones and the finish is acceptable before packaging.
They just fit over the threads on the Pandora bracelet, so you have to have a charm that screws on the end to keep the charms from coming off when you unfasten the bracelet.
We have a set that does have a grandmother bead. You can view it here: http://www.amazon.com/Timeline-Trinketts-Antique-Bracelet-Rhinestone/dp/B00HG8Y7J4/ At this time we are unable to offer engraving on the charms. This is something we may consider in the future. All the best, Donna Chapin Customer Service Lead The Knights Treasure
If the bracelet's width is smaller than a pandora, the answer is yes! Just be careful because I thought they were silver, but they are either silver plated or silver tone and will discolor.
You may get duplicates when you order more than one set, there are only 24 charms and so it doesn't allow for a lot of randomness. You can contact me privately via our website located in your product packaging or through Amazon customer support link here:
Yes, the girls loved them.
I don't have a Pandora bracelet, but they are pretty generic. I thought they were perfect for the one I purchased from ProJewelry here on Amazon. They are very pretty.
Very small loops - maybe 3mm. I am not happy with this tool at all. Loops are too small for my needs. About 1/3 of the time, it doesn't cut the wire. Also, the loop is not completely closed so you still have to use pliers. I am much happier with my 'groovy' pliers from Wolf Tools - one jaw is round and one is like chain plier except with 3 grooves to make 3 different sizes of loops.
You can create the pins from straight wire. You can use wire 26 - 18 gauge. Create Eye Pins, Bend & Trim Wire. Easy To Use! How to Use the One Step Wire Looping Pliers from BeadSmith. . This innovative new tool is an amazing time-saver. Simply place a bead onto a head pin, slide the head pin into the pliers, and squeeze to create a wire loop. When making multiples, your loops will be uniform in size and shape. Trim and loop embellished head pins & eyes! Create & trim eye pins to custom lengths in one motion! Works with dead-soft or half-hard precious metal wire, craft wire and copper or brass core wire. Bends & trims wire between 26-18 gauge thick.
It's the same tool - one is vintaj and one is beadsmith - they may or may not have different handle colors. Vintaj is a Beadsmith product - on the back of the vintaj labeled items you can clearly see it is made by beadsmith. Hope this helps!
Create your own eye pins with the 1-step looper plier frThis tool allows you to trim and loop readYou can even create eye pins in one motion! It bends and trims wire between 26 and 18 gauge in thickness. The looper will create a 1.5mm loop on wire 20 gauge or thicker, but it will leave a slight gap in the loop when using gauges thinner than 20 gauge. The 1-step looper is the perfect way to create professional-looking jewelry in no time! I love mine
I never used the instructions, look on youtube if you need help.
This looper makes small loops. I love it!
yes
Dear Buyer: Hi I would say size 7 women shoes.
The feet are fully enclosed/covered on the bottom, but are hollow inside.
hardly anything...they are hollow plastic. Definitely less than one pound.
Yes...it comes folded inside the folded pattern box..
The dimensions are 7 3/4"W X 9"H X 12 3/4" D. Love these boxes. Great for organizing sewing patterns.
Yes one box but is great sized.
Unfortunately not :( I wish they did
When we did ours, you have to wait until the timer goes off before the lid will open. Hope this helps.
It's sucks am sorry if you can please return it...
Hello Your friend needs to go the hardware store and buy the power converter. We call it piggy nose. They use 200 210 or 220 volts, and one converter does work on any of those 3.
Hi, Eddie. It comes with the heating element and really everything you need to get started. Your child may wish to buy additional molds later, but that's about it!
Yes it comes with some, and each mold kit comes with some.
Make sure the metal tray is snapped in all the way. If it isn't making contact with the heating element, it will take forever for the crayons to melt. Once I snapped it down more, it only took one timer cycle to melt. Then pour, and wait 20-30 minutes for them to cool. Or throw in the freezer for a few
It comes with the adapter so you don't need batteries.
Maybe if it was glycerin soap. Regular soap from the store doesn't melt.
Yes, it comes with a ring mold and a crayon mold
You can give them a try, if they are to long they are super easy to take a few links out with a pair of pliers.
The clasps are on them.
I do not see an easy way of either shortening or extending, unless you have some small jumprings available, looks like these are all sealed. But w/ some 2mm jumprins, I thin would be easy if you had a way to cut a link out.
Not as of yet. They seem to be of good quality. Haven't had them long.
Anything over 3mm should work fine, 4mm is ideal for smaller pieces I think
Yes
My mom has worn a necklace I made her for months and it has not changed.
The chains sold by the CleverDelights seller are nickel, lead, and cadmium-free. Make sure to choose this seller to ensure top-quality and receive the chains that match the item description and pictures
I love these chains they were perfect for what i needed them for and they were what the description says
I looked at the original CleverDelights Etsy store, and clearly in the description, the original seller says these chains are, "Made from strong metal alloy -- lead, cadmium, and nickel-free." Good luck! (they are only a little over $7 there, too!) :-)
I don't know what size you're thinking of, but I will try to be as descriptive as possible. As an example, if you wear a size 16 in women's sizes, the fabric allows a lot of stretch, almost to the point that it will stretch about a size or two bigger, if the stitching is done right. It also stretches in all directions, instead of just horizontal or vertical. 2 yards at 60'' wide should be big enough for your needs.
yes it can, it is colorfast and does not wrinkle with washing.
YES
Hi Rick, Thanks for checking in... Our fabric is 4 way stretch. I searched for the reviews you mentioned after reading your email and I was disappointed to see. If you buy from us (HecksOne) you will get 4 way stretch fabric. Thanks again!
that is correct
Well, transparent would imply completely see-through. It's sort of semi-transluscent depending on what is behind it. I used the material to backlight a projector image through a window and you could see the image clearly on the other side. Lookingout through the window or into the house however, you couldn't see anything. If it is stretched tight over something darker than the white fabric, you may be able to see underneath.
Yes
Yes. I use it to make running shorts / skirts and you can see everything.
2 yards is enough:)
no just pull the fabric so the thread will stretch.
Yes. They recommend turning it inside out first. I haven't noticed any cracking after 5 times through the washer/dryer.
I only used it on cotton and it worked great. Doesn't wash off or bleed.
I have never tried it, and I wouldn't recommend it. Suede is ruined when it gets too wet.
Yes
Package arrived in good condition & was well packed - had no problems.
Yes
They have the AP stamp. Check out the info here: http://www.plaidonline.com/plaid-paints-are-safe/546/article.htm -
Mine did not.
Yes!
Work Surface
I think so, it comes with the case, and everything works pretty well, it's decently made
The dimensions/divisions on the ruler are in 1/16 inches up to sixteen inches. The slide bar moves up and down horizontally and it can pivot on an axis from the left side release point with a one degree increment marker.
It does not have any "legs". The Portable Drafting Board has some small circular, rubber feet on the bottom to help avoid slipping. These "feet" do not raise the board up nor do they angle the board
Embroidery thread is usually stronger.
The copy I had did not work at all. It was a COPY not an original.
It does not even work properly with Singer machines! This CD disc was crashing my computer. I exchanged it and the new disc is still crashing my computer! I had to copy it to the computer and it works at least sometimes.
Place the design CD in your computer's disk drive. Open the software for the SINGER Futura sewing & embroidery machine. Go to File in the main menu, then scroll down to the Design Browser. Select the disk drive and you will be able to view your designs by category. Select the category of designs you want to look at, and the design images will show. Click on the design you want to sew. If you need more detailed assistance, you can contact our Customer Care department. The contact information is in your machine box.
Yes, the item about which you are inquiring will work with the SINGER Futura Quintet sewing & embroidery machine.
Not sure. It does works with my futura embroidery machine
yes this will work with all Singer Embroidery machines
just DST
no it does not
yes it comes with pad and also sheet of 16x16 teflon paper. press works excellant, digital numbers time setting with alarm when time is up. i've had no problems what so ever with it. very good investment
You could set it to 360 degree
Yes you can definitely use it for Hotfix Rhinestones, I press Rhinestones all the time. I've never tried nailhead transfers, but if they are a hot fix, then it will work.
no, its only a plate, shirts and fabric only
as long as they are also on the transfer mask paper, no problem
No
Once if you tAlking about transfer paper
Just different color.
It's the best I love it
No
Mine came if a case. I've heard some didn't come with the case. No document to indicate what each foot is and what it does.
It fits my Kenmore! Not sure exactly which number mine is since I'm not home but I'm quite sure as long as you have a snap on with the bar it will fit yours!
Well, it's kinda like the zigzag/all purpose foot. It has a wide opening that narrows down to a opening to the wide slot suitable for a zigzag stitch. It is not like the embroidery/darning foot at all. I do hope this helps you. For a good picture, go to this (http://www.amazon.com/Distinctive-Walking-Sewing-Machine-Presser/dp/B003EMLDX4/ref=sr_1_23?s=arts-crafts&ie=UTF8&qid=1407251149&sr=1-23&keywords=distinctive+presser+feet) Amazon link.
They fit my Brother HC1850 and XL6562 machines....but I'm not familiar with your model.
I am sorry we do not have it.
Sorry I don't know, they work on my Kenmore. It's a great package including an embroidery foot.
It should work just fine.
works on my brother or singer for low shank
If the Brother has a low shank presser foot set up then yes it will work.
It can suitable for most domestic sewing machines including Singer, Broth, Babylock, Euro-pro, Kenmore, and also fits other domestic sewing machines with a low shank system.Thank you very much.
It really depends on the ink saturation. For example, if you draw a line, it dries within a minute but if you are coloring an area than it can take a while. I would blot it with a tissue that won't leave any traces to check it.
It was a pretty good black when we used them.
It should work. Just make sure you test it first on a similar fabric and be careful that you don't accidentally get it on your fingers and stain surrounding parts. That's happened to me so I had to create a design to improvise and cover it. Wait for the paint to dry before handling it and when dry iron it using a press cloth to set it. I have used it on duck canvas fabric just like denim. Great results. Just be careful as I said not to contaminate other areas of the fabric because it will be hard to remove.
Hello Naseem, Blackcat permanent fabric markers are designed for decorating and drawing on T-shirts, shoes, caps, etc where an area needs to be filled in with a color. While you could use these markers to write names on tags, they may not have the ultra fine tip you might require for such fine detail. However, Inked by Blackcat permanent fabric markers would be ideal to decorate your items to make them a One of a Kind item. I hope this helps. Regards Tony
Yes, I think they would be fine for that...I painted flowers on a shirt with them and it is beautiful AND HAS HELD UP WELL...
Hi Amazshopper, this pack contains the following colors; orange, magenta, yellow, black, dark blue, brown, pink, red, green & bright blue. We also have another pack available, which has the same colors with the exception of purple instead of magenta. Go to; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00SIB32HG. Kindest Regards, The Team at Blackcat
Dear AV Mom, Thank you very much for your great question. As Inked Markers are best suited to natural fabrics such as cotton, silk, canvas etc. and assuming that the umbrella you intend on decorating would most likely be made from a synthetic as well as a waterproof fabric, we would not recommend Inked for such a project, as Inked markers are water-based. Best wishes, The Team at Blackcat
Hi Rene, No there is no heat treatment required. Just draw to your heart's content and let it air dry. I've yet to find a material where these don't dry quickly. I've had no smudges or streaks from them. Great product all round.
Hello Xkieusme, Unfortunately, Inked Markers don't show up well against black fabric. They are best suited to white or light coloured fabrics. Kind Regards, Blackcat Sales Support.
It is polished but not high polished. Has a bit of a shine, not glossy. Should go well with any silver bracelet.
You will have to measure your bracelet. The size is the width of the extender that fits inside your bracelet. I actually measured the wrong side of my watch and it didn't fit. They were more than willing to exchange it however and custom made one to fit. It works great!
from top to bottom its 20 1/2 inches long. When its open its 25 inches from one side to another. I got it for my 10 and 6 years old girls to play they like but still its small I would recommend to buy something bigger
This parasol has a straight handle.
It is white.
No it is not.
Yes...if you are using photos you are still going to want to seal them before using the resin
These are metal and are well-made.
E6000 definitely works! It's what I use.
I coat my artwork with Mod Podge, then use Mod Podge to adhere the art work into the pendants. After this dries, I pour a two part jewelery grade doming resin (Annie Hoves Luxe) into the pendant tray. It comes out really nice.
Yes it will.
No. I have a SE 400 as well as a Innovis 1250D and these hoops don't fit on the SE 400.
hi, yes, from what I am told you do need a software program. The machine is only capable of doing a 5 by 7 design. You would have to rehoop the design. I'm a newbie too. So much to learn!
Yes you can. You just have one side that has the attachment for the sewing machine that will not get in your way.
Compare with the template included with the original hoop. For my machine the purple set was the one that was followed the same grid as the original.
Metal. They are great hoops and no different then originals.
All I know is that it works for my brothers pe770
Unsure, you need to look at the part of the hoop that locks into your machine. If it is the same, then they should work fine.
I did use the small one on a pair of socks and it worked great. I already had a hoop for a baseball hat that I haven't used yet, but it shaped a little differently from these hoops. So I don't know if it would work for hats.
I don't have a clue if they will work on that machine. Sorry. Dave
Hi They are mix designs. We don't sell same designs. Sorry
no. it just came in a plastic bag.
Possibly if the dread is not very thick
w=1/2", l=5/8"
Most of the designs are 4.33x4.33 inches. If your machine allows you to resize they will go under the 4" that your machine uses. I was able to get most of them to about 3.93x3.93 and under. I hope this will help. Diana J
only if you have the ability to write it on the card after you put it on your cumputer.
All this designs will fit in 4X4 hoop
The Mach 3 software can be configured to work with almost any operating system. But the machine itself is not worth it. I bought mine almost 2 years ago and I never once ran, even after countless "solutions" that were supposed to get it up and running. There are better machines out that only cost slightly more but they are worth the extra money.
The system does not have limit switches attached to it. There are various electronics companies (sparkfun, digikey, etc) that sell these. The mach3 software talks about these, and adding them into the control system. You may also want to look at the mach3 docs for setting the work envelope, which allows you to define the max size of the area in which the tool point can move.
Yes. Please see my review on this product regarding the software. You will probably want to get some measuring tools like a 6" digital caliper to check clearances, work positioning, etc.
3020 means 30cm x 20cm, but it's a good question because effectively with the way the spindle sits and that there are no limit-switches on the edges of travel - you do want to self-limit your workspace. The max width is 7.5", and the max depth is like 10.5". The smaller the work area you designate, the more room you have to tape or clamp down, and the more safety margin you have to keep from hitting a mechanical limit (you want to avoid that to keep you drive mechanisms accurate).
You may but remember this machine just comes with a demo version of Mach 3, and such is just the gcode loader, you will need the img to gcode converter software, so if you want the job done you may need to invest in two software packages.
Its a piece of code to see if you are running the latest and greatest. Right click and try installing as admin, then set it up to run in compatibility mode for winxp.... Or you can download the latest and greatest.... And hope that it supports a parallel port. Best bet is to pickup an old Pentium 4 based box on eBay that has the o/s and a parallel port. Use that box specifically as your controller.
Definitely. You'll still need additional software to control the machine and convert vectors (fonts or text in this case) to CAM but there are a few controller software packages that can do text/engraving without the need for additional software (i.e. Mach 3, EMC2). And if you decide to go the route of CAD/CAM in addition to your controller, Autodesk Fusion 360 is free for private use and has a great support network.
The pc is the controller. The box does the serial to stepper motor driving. You will see that there is some mention of timing issues in the documentation for mach3 software in regards to installed pc programs that may delay control pulses to the machine. This is because some programs, such as antivirus real-time communication inspection, can momentarily delay execution of another program. When that happens, an NC control code may not get execution timing at the exact moment that it is supposed to, resulting in an out of tolerance cut. Additionally, laptops will adjust their execution speed on newer processors to reduce power consumption, which also messes up comm. timing. I've stripped all of the programs out of my setup, except for Windows and Mach3, on an old Pentium 4 desktop that I bought for $50. The P4 seems to be adequate to run the Mach3 software accurately.
Yes
Not sure here. My belief is that the software that comes with it is the shareware version - but I thought the limit was 500 llines? Best regards, John
The 085 is for 1/4" tape. The 714 is for 1/2" tape. Whether you buy acid-free tape or not is up to you.
Unfortunately no.
It comes with 2 rolls. If you buy this ATG, when you buy more refills, there are two kinds. Acid free and regular. The acid free rolls are in a red and pink box. The regular, which is cheaper, comes in a pink box.
Nothing. I think a percentage of your purchase goes to breadth cancer but other than that it's the same product
it came with two rolls of adhesive in the little red box (pictured) but the ATG did not have one pre-loaded... so in total, you receive two rolls with purchase.
breast cancer pink
Yes, it is double sided and great for scrapbooking and card making.
I just use a little rubbing alcohol on a wash cloth to clean it off.
As a temporary fix I don't see why it wouldn't work. It is pretty sticky
no idea
I just use it like a regular spool of thread. Works just fine.
250 each
The inner diameter of the tube is 1 cm.
It should work...Very good quality
Yes it would
Absolutely.
No, it is 100% polyester, according to the box cover.
I have a brother XR9500 and it works on that. Sure if that helps but it might. :)
These look like the ones I got recently, the kit includes paints only. The description is listed further down on the page. The description under the item I bought was as follows: Product Description A selection of Martha Stewart Opaque Glass Paints. Kit includes 12, 2 oz./59 ml. Opaque Glass Paints - Beach Glass, Pool, Habanero, Camellia Pink, Greek Tile, Hydrangea, Spring Pasture, Yellow Jacket, Mace Chestnut, Beetle Black and Wedding Cake. "
Thus paint adheres well. Try it on something like a wine glass to get a feel. Then, create a template or stencil for your table top design.. use a damp sponge to clean up.smudges etc.
They are easier to squeeze when the bottle is full. I took the cap off, squeezed paint out, and used a paint brush.
I have only seen them in a kit. You might try Michael's crafts as they sell the full line of Martha Stewart. However, they do not sell products online
I'm not sure. I just dotted mine using q-tips and they turned out pretty smooth.
No. They are actually glass paint. You can choose to allow the paint to cure over 21 days or bake at 350 F for a half hour. The glass can then be washed, even in the dishwasher, top rack... Although, I would avoid harsh soaps or the heat dry setting. They bottles are very nice to use. They have a nice tip for direct application and for preventing the paint from drying out... Which it does quickly, so use only in small portions, if using on a pallet. Hope that helps! :-)
I usually run for an hour and it stays cool for mostly 30 to 40 mins.
The more humidity, the better it works. The drier it is, the more often you'll have to wet it.
it works underneath my hard hat fine... but if I wear it the neck wrap way ith it all bunched together it doesn't really work that well
No. It stays as flexible as it was before you moisten it.
This is a one color screen press.
Yes, you can print on anything that is flat. Not really familiar with the Gocco but it seems like it is a much simpler process . The Ryonet is mostly used for T shirts but you can use it to screen print on almost anything. Just make sure you have the right ink for the media you are going to print on.
Yes, you will need an ink jet printer. Any printer that prints well with black ink. I actually used black sharpie on the clear film provided.
Yes, it is perfect
Delivery times depend on the service level you purchase. We can ship the quickest internationally with DHL (3-5 business days). This interface is not really the place to provide shipping quotes.
Our metal charms have a zinc alloy base and are antiqued silver color plated. Our finish is custom made with an extra thick plating and is nickel, lead, and cadmium free.
No it does not. I already had a Pandora Bracelet with the stoppers. But please order the charms they look just like the Pandora Charms for a better price.
Each charm style is monitored for quality and we depend on the feedback of our customers to continually improve any shortcomings. If there are recurring issues, we replace that charm in the assortment.
I got these for my daughter and she has never mentioned any black residue. She loves them.
They slide on the bracelet.
I would think they would tarnish if used in water. Sterling doesn't tarnish if you wear it in a shower-do dishes, but these are not Sterling. They are nice but just plated.
Each charm style is monitored for quality and we depend on the feedback of our customers to continually improve any shortcomings. If there are recurring issues, we replace that charm in the assortment.
Our metal charms have a zinc alloy base and are antiqued silver color plated. Our finish is custom made with an extra thick plating and is nickel, lead, and cadmium free.
Affordable doesn't have to mean cheap! Some of our designs may be similar but we work closely with our factory to increase the quality of these custom charms specially designed for Timeline Treasures. As of this posting we haven't seen another floral assortment that ONLY has flower charms in it.
We cannot know everyone's body chemistry - there may be a select few with tarnishing problems, or some may expose their charms to excessive wear. Since these are rare occurrences that we cannot predict, we back your purchase with our 60-day unconditional money-back guarantee. If you are having any problems, please contact us right away via the support information included in your package or through your Amazon account, so we can resolve the issue before your warranty period expires.
5mm, or big enough for a snake chain.
Hi Shannon B. There are 12 platinum and 12 silver totaling twenty four per order. Hope this helps.
you can if you have a small enough o ring. There is enough play in the bead.
Yes! That is what I used them for and they worked very well.
Our metal charms have a zinc alloy base and are custom made with an extra thick plating which is nickel, lead, and cadmium free.
Affordable doesn't have to mean cheap! Some of our designs may be similar but we work closely with our factory to increase the quality of these custom charms specially designed for Timeline Treasures.
They are glass, good quality, clear mirror surface.
Most def .. I actually am making a mirror tiled wall in my theater room and it looks amazing .. But for the kitchen I would say yes most def ..
Yes a glass cutting tool but the edges are not perfect after you cut them
3 inches.
I used a product called SealIt from the automotive dept for sealing leaks, strong adhesive and doesn't harm backing on mirror
I believe the $399 model only times out a single temp setting. For investment mold curing and other applications you want to "soak" the mold at lower temperatures first, and gradually advance it after moisture bakes out. The $399 model must go through these steps manually, changing the time and temperature each time, and running it again. I'm new at this, but it seems it might be a good idea to evacuate the steam that bakes out before continuing to full temp. By automating these steps and walking away, the steam is going to escape to a degree and remain to a degree throughout the insulation. Walking away also adds to the possibility of distraction, but it may be a great convenience for a continuous operation. Please be aware that the outside of these things gets DAMN HOT! The insulation slows the travel of heat but does not stop it. The first time i tested one of these, I set it for 700 degrees, and by the time it reached temperature, which was only a minute or so with nothing inside, the handle on top almost burned my hand, and would have if it had contacted any longer. These must be used in a safe area for extreme heat as you would for cooking and even more so, since cooking is always under 400 degrees unless you screw up. I recommend building a larger metal cabinet with at least an inch and even two inches clearance all around with a mesh front door for free air flow, to maintain a safe temperature on contactable surfaces and prevent disastrous exposure. I would prefer to see this sold as a kit that excludes the cabinet that would be much cheaper and allow the user to procure the heavier materials and build as robust or large an appliance as they wish, saving on shipping as well. That's my ten cents anyway... JFTR, I have not melted or fired yet. Another reason I prefer a kit, is that the post office can destroy these easily! Min arrived with the heating elements knocked loose so they damaged the insulation. THis was not a factor in the heat transfer to the case as the damage was limited to a small area on the bottom, and the damage was not as effecting as the simple fact that by design, the elements are recessed to half the depth of the insulation. I am planning to build my own cabinet with much better insulation and protection. I don't have kids, but those that do need to educate them on how hot these get. The finish on the exterior will scorch. It will get as hot as an exhaust pipe on a race car. This is a cottage operation, and the guy that runs it is pretty smart, but I think he would be smarter to not attempt so much, and reduce his liability by selling plans and parts, or even just guidelines, and letting people make their fixtures. I strongly believe that if you cannot make a tool, you aren't ready to use it. That's my fifty cents! I as strongly believe that everyone should make tools. There's a dollar's worth right there! : )
Yes it has up to 30 programmable steps for ramp and soak
around 5-7 amps . It is very small
Yes, there is one shelf and 4-1" risers. Fiber, not ceramic.
Garage might be better. It does smell and you wouldn't want to take the risk of causing damage to anything in your home from the hot items either.
Yes this unit can melt precious metals. The Programmable is geared more towards enameling, glass fusing and PMC art needing different temperatures and hold times in a single firing but not limited to just that use. The Quikmelt Pro models (top loader) are designed specifically for melting precious metals and come with a crucible and tongs. I would suggest looking into these for melting, but if you like the front loader design the RapidFire Pro non programmable would suite your needs for single high temperature firing.
I have had nothing but problems with this unit. Timer is hard to program and the seller or the manufacturer doesn't respond to e-mail. There are much better units out there.
Jake thank you for your inquiry, the RapidFire can reach 2000 degrees and melt copper no problem however I do recommend looking at our Quikmelt furnace for your needs as those are specifically designed to melt metal. The Quikmelt includes a crucible and tongs which you will need anyhow and it is also capable of 2200 degree maximum temperatures. If you have further questions please feel free to ask, thank you!
Good morning Andre, the kiln can be run for 24 hours as long as its attended to. We do not advise running it unattended just for your safety, but the Programmable is able to be programmed to do so. The coil does have a "life span" but these are tough little machines and if your temperature is not that high it will not strain it too terribly much and the kiln will continue to perform for you for quite some time.
Hi Victoria yes the Kiln is set in Fahrenheit as the default but we can change that to Celsius for you before we ship it out. Thank you for your interest and hope that answers your question!
The side which has extension with the heart comes off... Just unscrew it and you're all set to put all your charms...
I believe they will. I have troll beads and a few other kinds and they all work well on it. The seller of this is amazing and they will help you very quickly and answer any questions as well! I love the bracelet!!
At the maximum, yes. The bracelet itself including the clasp and the main jump ring is 7.5", and the extender can increase the entire length to 9".
I bought round ones but my traditional pandora charms & charmed memories charms from kay fit just fine.
Yes, my girl is a skinny 12 year old girl and it fits.
Michigan Reader is correct. This bracelet is high quality 316 surgical grade stainless steel resists corrosion and wear, is hypo-allergenic, and nickel, lead & cadmium-free. If you have any further questions, please let me know. All the best, Donna Chapin Customer Service Lead The Knights Treasure
I've only purchased charms that say they are compatable with pandora- and they fit fine
not at all. My 11 year old hooks it herself now that she got used to it. We did have to hook it the first few times.
I do not think it would fit a 5 year old. It is a nice piece so you might try. It would depend on how large her wrist are.
The 8" size was temporarily out of stock. It is now back in stock and ready to purchases. I apologize for the inconvenience. All the best, Donna Chapin, Customer Service Lead, The Knights Treasure
I'd like an answer too. 6" by 8-3/4" cannot be the size of the FOLDED measurement. Elsewhere on the products description, it says that the die itself measures 6" x 8-3/4"x 5/8". So what is the measurement or the size of the finished, folded envelope? I made this mistake once with another "seed packet" die at Sizzix when their description said it was a Bigz die and when I received it, it was an embosslit! I got my money back and told them to check their descriptions much better. I thought I was getting a mailable working envelope and all I got was a little die cut OF an envelope (plus a few stamp images). So I would really like to know about this die. Thank you.
Yes you can cut this die in the cuttlebug
Hello, The measurements are for the envelope. Thank You, Shop To Craft Customer Service Team
The wide mouth size go out of stock quickly! Here is the link:http://www.amazon.com/Crock-Rocks-pack-Ferment-Weights/dp/B00BFMCW30
The weight varies slightly since they are handmade, but all three weights without any packaging weigh about 17 ounces. So roughly 5 and a half ounces a piece. Hope this helps!
Yes, these glass weights are handcrafted locally in WA state with pure glass.
I am unfamiliar with Boss pickler jars, sorry. However, if you measure the inside dimension of your Boss jar opening and it is more then 3 inches across the glass weights will fit. The inside measurement of the opening of my fido 1 1/2 liter jar is: 3 1/2 inches across and they fit just fine. You have to layer these weights across the surface of your ferments, one will not not be enough to hold down the food.
This will continue to glow time after time withe the exposure to the sun or any type of light.
I'm not sure I have not tried that I'm sorry I wish I could be more help but the best thing to is to contact the seller ask them
yes it does
no, this kit is for solvent (acetone etc) based applications. the water based one might be ok but check the MSDS (material safety data sheet) if it isn't touted as such.
No, it does not glow during the day. But yes, it can be used in resin. It needs to stirred more when working with resin.
that is a good question I don't know if you can mix it with that the only thing I can suggest is take a small portion of it can mix it and proceed to what you're trying to do and see if it works out that way I wish I could be more help and hope its mixes well good luck
you can mix acrylic but it has to be oil based and not water based if it is water based it will become a clump so I do not recommend you do so As for how long it stays glowing that depends on the light source that you would have on it along with a UV light I do suggest that you get a black light/ uv light if you do not have oneI hope this is helpful to you good luck^-^
I wouldn't, this is a pigment and it may very well not wash off.
Yeah to can but hard to remove since its a powder u use to mix into white paint.
It comes in a rolled up sheet of batting. You can certainly quilt and hand quilt with it.
no, it will not. Washable wool has been treated with a coating to stop it from doing just that (felting) to keep it from shrinking.
I didn't buy a roll because I make very small landscape quilts. It is really nice and very pliable. I will buy again when I run out, but I think I bought half a yard. I have friends who use it for large quilts and they really like it.
it's very thin, about 1/8th of an inch...i haven't used mine yet, but i think it would still be warm.
If it is sold by the yard, the length you request will come in one piece.
I can't remember how wide it is, I bought it for wall hangings that I bead, because the needle slides through so easily. As for washability I really don't know. It is nice and soft and I think it would work well over foam.
No
According to the Hobbs website faqs page, all their batting can be dried on low after soaking in warm water for shrinkage. I chose to line dry mine for a little less "fluff."
No it does not.
You can use a screw driver to remove the snap. Push it between the front & back & twist it. Do several times until it comes apart. To find the right size did, lay the outside of the snap-the piece with the pointy tip- on the different die, then use the one that best fits. They are small to large.
No. These are meant for plasic snaps only. There are other snap setting pliers for metal snaps.
no not strong enoght
The "caps" are 12.4mm -- which is approximately 1/2" in diameter. These snaps are really popular right now, and the colors are great.
My experience is no, this will not work on thicker fabric. Tried it multiple times on 3 layers of thin cotton fabric. The snaps did not hold. This first time the snaps were used in each case, they failed to work.
I don't think these would work on anything thicker than cloth.
The description says -- (10 sets of the following in size 20: B1 Bright Red, B7 Bright Yellow, B16 Royal Blue, B35 Purple, B51 Kelly Green, B55 Orange and B3 White in the following sizes and quantities: Size 14 (10 sets), Size 16 (10 sets), Size 19 (5 sets), Size 20 (10 sets), Size 22 (5 sets)) So, all the colored snaps are size 20. The white snaps come in 5 different sizes.
Hi Matt. These molds are so flexible even when ice cold that I simply push from the bottom. They almost turn inside out and I then pull out the candle. No spray needed. I love silicone molds for that reason.
Well it not have the holes to put the wick, but what did was, I made a little hole in the bottom of the mold mold and because it is silicone after I passed the wick it it heals by itself. Hope it help. It is really beautiful mold.
Absolutely. It's a little softer but with carefulness it can be done.
Um, I'd say about 3"x3" maybe a little bigger.
Absolutely. When it is moldably warm it's clear, then gets milky. Though I would suggest LED and not a tea light, a nearby flame would melt it.
I have looked at the Temptooth beads online via images, and I believe they are, they look to be the same. You can make temp teeth with this product and a temp denture plate/partial if need be. (Just dont eat/drink hot stuff while wearing)
Not sure if I can be of much help here, but I'll tell you what I know. Sugru , from what I can tell, is a silicone product that has quite a long work time and an even longer cure time. From the descriptions, this gives a rubbery, almost "gummy bear" feel, and would probably be well suited for absorbing shock. ThermoMorph, by comparison, has a short work time (a couple of minutes, unless re-heated), but a rapid "cure" time (also a few minutes). The resulting product has a very similar feel, density, and even color to polyethylene used to make milk jugs, etc. Not much bounce to it. As to whether ThermoMorph sticks to cloth, I cannot say. But my guess here would be the better knee pad would be the Sugru variety.
Yes, but you may get some black discoloration from the lighter, but it should just wipe off unless you over heat it.
Hmm. Great question. Nope. There is no information as to toxicity on the label. As this plastic seems to be infinitely remold-able I doubt that there is any out-gassing happening. The product is not soluble in the human body. The only danger I can see would be of choking/blockage so I would not want to swallow a hot/warm glob of this product. Children need to be supervised when using ThermoMorph due to the high temperature needed to mold the product.
The molding time, is not exact. It depends on just how hot the water, you are using, is. And how much you can touch it while it is hot. That is, however a great advantage, because if it does not work the first time, you just reheat it. As for the color, I don't know. I have not tried to do so yet.
The critical temperature is around 150 F. Doesn't matter how you get there. I use a heat lamp.
Yes, it works exactly the same way. Most of these products are for the most part identical. The differences come done to how well they work. That is a question that only you can answer, as it depends on what you are using the product for.
It becomes soft like silly putty, maybe a little thicker, when fully heated through. It can take forms when fully heated, but doesn't have full integrity until at least somewhat cooled
Not sure if you're asking if it has to be at an angle to use it, or if you need the pucks to have it at an angle. I don't have the pucks, but I've used mine both on a flat surface and on a tilted easel and it works fine both ways. Hope this is helpful.
No. There is an adapter which goes with this item, change AC to DC 12V for light pad.
It's cable powered. By a too short cable in my opinion. Battery powered would be so great, but no... Primitive mind hasn't perfected so a glorious thing.
The whole light pad deminsion including black frame is 10-5/8" x 14" with diagonal of 17.7". The Illuminated is 9" x 12.5" with a diagonal of 15.5"
Hi, The large brush number is 5/8 , I think the width is near to 1" ( One inch ). I am using it in 11 * 15 inch sheet but I need a larger brush. It is not enough for big sheet. It is good though. Thanks Sam
No
I'm afraid I don't know the answer to that. The description just says "Synthetic Hair". They clean very easily.
I think just water color
Approximately 9" long
yes
they are soft but not whimpy.nice brushes
I don't think that I would use these for delicate work. You could cut the fibers down, but then you could also go to your local craft store and buy exactly what you need.
16" long
There are two sizes of this stocking. A 13" and a 16". I have done them both and they are both nice. I think the one in the picture is probably the 16" one.
The All Aboard Stocking is 16" and it is $10.30. The $12.99 price is from a different seller.
Nope. 5c's are more rounded than 5's are.
No. 5C's are rounder and thinner
Not that bulky, your average silicone iphone cover besides the special cross stitch feature.
Yes!
I haven't used it for waterproofing but I just tested it out and it does appear to be. I put the fabric underneath my faucet and the water slipped right off and whatever stayed on easily wiped off. I also noticed that the water did not soak into the fabric.
The material I received was 54.5 x 41 inches.
Mine came in one piece.
Yeah, you can! I've made a couple of vests from the stuff I got, it holds up well to sewing. At one point I tried fastening eyelets through it, though, and that doesn't work too well unless you punch it really securely. The fabric likes to loosen up around those parts and the eyelets ended up falling out. Still, though, I like it a lot.
Probably sheets considering the fact it might be pre-cut
It is in inches. I didn't see any metric units on it.
It is a hard surface.
I use an exacto knife on mine, I use for cutting gaskets and for cutting out stencils. Isn't fondant cake for decorating cakes? I'm not sure if this mat is food safe, you'd have to contact the manufacturer about that. This is a very nice cutting mat though.
No.
On their flyer that comes with the product it states that the item is designed and sold in the USA by Crafty World. You can email them directly at support@crafty.us or go to their web site at www.crafty.us - I emailed them and asked where the product is made but have not received a response. No matter where it is made it is an excellent product.
You would need to ask the manufacturer, I would doubt it since it is for crafting not food prep
3 mm.
NO cancer warning sticker with the mat, only one instruction sheet with it.
I have never tried to roll my mat up, so I can't answer that particular question... however I am extremely satisfied with the quality of the mat
I don't think they're that great of a metal. My tarnished after about 1 month or two. For the money paid, I was expecting more.
I think it depends mostly on what you're using them for. I made bracelets with these and the domes gave it a really clean, more professional look. I think you could definitely use resin without the domes but I've never personally tried it.
Water will leak for sure
They are silver
I would say It's a medium loft. I hand quilt through it with no problem.
I've washed the whole cloth quilt I made with this product five or six times now in a top loading, regular washing machine - mostly in cold water but a couple of times in warm - and it's come out beautifully every time. Not too much shrinkage and no tearing or felting. The quilt is pretty densely hand quilted, in most places no more than an inch apart.
To the best of my knowledge no, although I never held it up to the light. It was thick, quilted beautifully.
It is washable and a little lofty. It shouldn't felt. I would suggest natural boiled wool that you can buy by the yard, that is what my daughter & I made into nursing pads for her. Holy Lamb organics or something like that was the name of the place in Eastern Washington.
I have always used the washable--so i could machine wash my quilts (most are used not just displayed or hung)...my belief is that the other wool batting was not suitable for washing......
Hobbs Heirloom washable wool quilt up to 3 inches apart according to their package instructions.
I don't think so--it's plastic. Haven't tried it, though.
I don't know the thickness but it is very strong and I use it on leather and making Native American crafts. I am satisfied with the quality and would order it again.
I think from the way it reacts to heat and the tendency for the fiber to splay, it probably is polyester. Hope this helps.
In my experience no. I am a basket weaver, it clings to reed very well. The sinew has a slight sticky feel.
1/8-3/16 wide and very thin. Can be threaded through an embroidery needle eye.
You create a personalized stamp online with a special code they give you with the embosser and then it will be shipped to you.
I believe they're interchangeable, so you could replace them at anytime.
You can emboss directly onto any paper. The thicker the paper, the less defined the impression will be. But I have embossed onto 65# cardstock & 100# cardstock with no problems.
If you mean the cover of a hardcover book, no. An inside sheet could be done, but not centered in the middle, it won't reach that far. I used mine to emboss my wedding napkins, and it works perfect for that.
Yes, it is.
Go to MasonRow .com and you can pre look at all the possible designs. There are quite a few. Once embosser comes in mail, it will Send a code to then order it. But additional for$30 each or a trio pack...all personalized how you want it. Keep in mind,when typing,the red dot let's you move print inn a circle on some pages
2 inches.
yes, we use a circular design. They have many options of round and oval designs available.
No. It didn't come in a 3 pack. 1 per order
No
It is a tube, about an inch and a half wide. When you lay it out it would be a thickness of a dime. When you crochet it it is very bulky and soft .
Frankly, I would not assume that. I ordered 4 units, expecting to receive 12 skeins, and received 4 skeins. When I asked for the additional skeins, the customer service agent I spoke with was quite rude (from the company, not Amazon). I ended up having to file a complaint with Amazon, who refunded my money. I still don't have all the yarn I need to complete my project.
The leaf is 1 1/4 inches wide by 1 5/8 inches from tip of leaf to end of stem. The main body of the leaf is 1 1/2 inches.
If you turn it upside down facing you, you can see what and where you're punching I hope that helps.
I've tried with eva foam about 1mm thick. I had no success at all. In the large leaf punch even worst because the 1mm sheet does not fit. In the smaller leaf punch, half of the leaf stays uncut.
I'm not sure. It is pretty strong. I was able to punch through several pieces of poster board at once if that helps
the widest part is the size of a nickel.
yes, this is very well. nice!
About one pound. It s heavier than I thought but it s metal. I know it left a bruise when it fell on my foot.
You can if you turn the cutter over. I flip it over (looking at the hole side) and align my punch area.
No
Craft vinyl yes, home repair vinyl no. However, itwwill dull your punch. I will try a craft knife and stencil.
Yes I just tried it on a cardboard that is on the back of those long legal pads and it was perfect i love my cutter
I have not. It appears to be sturdy enough for craft foam but I can't vouch for it.
The 2.5" circle punches 3/8" from the edge. Smaller circle punches have larger edge margins. Hope this helps :-)
Maybe thin corrugated cardboard would fit (the opening is quite narrow), but I wouldn't recommend trying to cut cardboard with paper punches; they are not designed for the thickness and strength of cardboard.
Yes, the bottom is completely open, when I'm cutting out labels for my round hand made soaps I can see everything :)!! I love this cutter/hole punch, saves me so much time!! :)
Of course. It usually ships adults - all good.
All except rock star. That's a one size fits most.
I carry youth and adult sizes in most of them. Depend on which ones you want. Youth 4-7 adult 8-+ I have videos you can watch and learn how to use them. Do a search in youtube. donna Nowak or stencileyes. the ones mark with ** are offered in both. Just write in the comments which size you want.
Yes and no. There is a special foot that you can buy and that can do ruffles with the machine or you can use a basting stitch and manual make ruffles by pulling the thread with your hand after you baste it. YouTube a video for more instructions
Yes i dont see why not
It comea with a 110 power supply
I used it on a medium to heavy weight denim and it worked very well. You will always have to adjust the tension depending on the fabric, but that only takes a minute and after I adjusted that it handled the material I used very well
I cannot remember the details of the warranty. I returned this machine because after jamming one time the timing became completely off and I was unable to get it timed correctly. I bought a Brother instead and I could not be happier.
No, I had no problem with the foot press or the bobbin. Try redoing the bobbin it may be in wrong since that happens at times.
My Singer works pretty well. I have been embroidering a baby blanket and using the embroidery stitches. Sometimes the thread breaks, but it's normal when you are embroidering. Suggestion: sewing slowly works best. I am happy with my Singer.
My wife says about as quiet as any other, but she also said its a vertical bobbin which was not listed in the description
I'm sorry Susanna. Unfortunately, no. It has the bobbin insert on the front side. You have to slide the support attachment out and then you can flip a little panel to access the bobbin insert. Sorry!
Yes it does
This is less tha 1/2" thick and a sealed unit. It's some kind of LED technology and LEDS esentailly last forever - like tens of thousands of hours I don't think this would ever need to be serviced.
No, the light table does not tilt. It is extremely thin, and lays flat. However, I have been able to prop it up against planks of wood, and it does the job just fine.
It will be perfect for that Mary
The top-end (brightest) light is capped at 4500 lumens. On a Kelvin light scale it's a bluish-white light, which could be enough for your photography project. I've tried looking up a conversion scale, but those 2 units seem to be difficult to relate quantitatively, since it's not a bulb that you're measuring--high intensity LEDs instead. If you look up fluorescent bulbs, 4650 lumens delivers about 5000 Kelvin temperature light.
My BF (who I bought it for) said it probably wouldn't since it is an acrylic top. It weighs very little.
I dunno about 12 lbs. But I put my laptop and a bunch of other stuff on top all the time. Not to mention its has withstood the test of a curious 2 year old which is no small thing. Heavy hands? Yeah. Extremely durable.
Yes, there is a one year warranty on both parts and labor for this product. Kindly note that after 60 days from the purchase date, the return shipping fee will be cost at the buyer's expense. For more information, please refer to our return and refund policy. Thank you!
I would not recommend it for children; it is very thin and breakable when it is not near adult supervision. This product I purchase is to be used to create precise stencil work for art designs and graphic illustrations. If the purpose is not for art or medical examinations (viewing x-rays); I would not recommended it beside too expensive for general uses especially with minors; there are other light tables or boxes you can use with kids and they can be found from your local art supply store or just check out Amazon's other collections that they have in their catalog.
I believe it works pretty well and you can leave it on for long period of time because it is led it's a very solid light I use this light as a platform for a small objects photography and that works pretty well
i use it to trace on Watercolour paper all the time :o)
Yes! I actually bought both of them together! :)
Yes.
This platform is fantastic. All you need are your two cutting plates. If you compare it to your regular platform you will see that this one is a bit thicker.
yes
The Genius Magnetic Platform is 6" wide and fits in the Cuttlebug. The Sizzix platform is 6-1/8" wide, making it too wide to pass through the Cuttlebug.
Hi. I had to go try and see if I could use an embossing folder with the magnetic platform, I hadn't tried it before. No. I wasn't able to use it. The magnetic platform is just enough thicker (as the basic multi platform is without any of the sheets down). When I added ONE clear cutting plate it makes it thicker than the normal platform, but not thick enough to just use with one ...and adding the embossing folder & second cutting plate makes it too thick to run through. I hope this answers your question. (It will work with the cutting embossing dies though, pretty sure.) :)
If you look on the Sizzix site it says that the magnetic platform is 8 7/8 inches long, 6 1/8 inches wide and 5/8 inches thick. When I looked at the vagabond machine on the Sizzix site it shows the vagabond with the multi plate that the Big Shot uses, so I would assume it is large enough to hold the magnetic plate. I assume you have the vagabond? If you do, measure the opening. If you are still unsure go to the Sizzix site and ask them as it is their baby.
I doubt they will make one for the pro. I have the magnetic platform and love it! The magnets are very powerful though. There is a warning if you have a pacemaker. For this reason, I think they wouldn't make an even larger one. The small one will work in the pro. I have the pro and the newer big shot. The magnetic platform is one of the best things I have bought. Keep your smart phone away from it and keep it away from computers because of the magnets.
This is just a magnetic plastic spacer board, you use in place of the 'big shots'book' for space filler when using your big shots. It's handy for using magnetic dies like the one you show, so that the die does not slip when you run it through the machine. It's handy but Not a necessity. It should work fine with the die you show as most are interchangeable
Yes
I placed a sheet of strathmore 140 lb watercolor paper over it and it went through without a problem. I then placed two sheets over it, and while the image wasn't as clear as on one sheet, it was still clear enough to trace the image.
I love this light pad... however it's not a cutting surface material. I use another piece of glass on the top if I need to utilize it thatway. Plenty of light goes through. Hope this helps.
It's ratted at 50,000 hours. Ours burns 8 hours a day 3 days a week since March 1st. Since its side lighting you won't get any dark spots, or burned out sections. If a LED fails, then the whole thing fails. As for a case, there is nothing available for it from the maker. What I did with mine was to purchase a standard Art Portfolio a little bigger then the light tablet. It works great for me, and it's really sturdy so you won't break it all that easy. The only spot I'm fearful about is the plug in port for power, if that spot took a hard hit it would damage the plug port for sure. Just don't paclk it with the power plug in the port, and you will be just fine.
If you are crafty you could easily epoxy a peg bar to this, however, it won't replace the ease of moving your drawings the way you can with an animation disc. As far as attaching the peg bar, as far as I can tell this is just poured resin with led's embedded in the mold, so, that should be a snap.
No Grid, just the the rulers printed at the edge in cm and mm
I bought 2 light boxes, one for my mom, both had cords but mom threw the box out and the cord was in the box but very hard to find. Both of us had a hard time finding our cords. At least we found them!! Awesome light box!
I store it in its (flimsy) poly bag and its box, using the foam corner inserts, using some elastic bands to keep it closed. A padded ripstop bag will last longer and be more compact, but I haven't seen one. OTOH, i haven't really looked very hard.
Seems very good. Not using on a surface. Have it hung on the wall with foam tape/silicon as an "x-ray viewer." Posted in our children's Vet Clinic role play station in public aquarium. Really love how the brightness adjusts by holding power button!
The difference is in size and light intensity. The A4 model is the smallest but the brightest among the three while A2 is the largest in size but not as bright as the smaller ones. They all get power by wall chargers. The surface will be scratched if it's not protected, please be informed.
No it does not
I think you would just end up with bumpy paint because of the enamel in the oil base and it would not give you the easy to sand off finish. Adding this product would be like adding sand to your paint.
No I used a regular brush and tried spraying it.
Yes you can but I would return it if I were you. I purchased this product and it performed well when I first mixed it but could not go back and used the mixed paint later....it had turn almost solid and no amount of water softened it up.
I added a little at a time. I added by the spoonful - stirred, then added more if it wasn't thick enough. I went by the package directions, and it was VERY thick - and got thicker. So you need to add a little at a time and let it stand for a few minutes. I probably added 1/4 cup to one quart - stirred, then added more. Hope this helps!
It thickens up every time you open the can. I add water to thin it out. A tight sealed can will help. I make small batches, a quart at a time so I have not experienced it drying up since I use it up before it does.
yes
Wax should make the gloss otherwise it's dull and chalky look only not really satisfied with this I did it but the look are not what I expected should have spent little more $ and buy Restauration Hardware paint look great or Benjamin Moore paint . No idea what you doing with it but regular paste wax in can for furnitures will look glossy.I use to do faux fini and trompe l'oeil murals in France because you find fantastic selection of paints color wax and more,here nothing, the price there are very high maybe will be no customers for it here. Still frustrating.
I am no expert, but I just read a blog and the woman swore by using polyacrylic clear sealer, it's water based, instead of using wax. She actually used a certain brand of clear deck sealer. I found this on Pinterest. I'm going to try it sounds easier than wax.
need to use a soft lint free cotton cloth
Wax should be applied at the very end of the project not in between coats
I am not sure. It came with a Teflon sheet so I would guess not. I always use the sheet. Hope this helps.
You will need to purchase HTV or Heat Transfer Vinyl or Hot Fix Rhinestones. The press comes with a Teflon non stick sheet that you will cover your shirt and design with to make sure you don't have any problems with your materials sticking to the top platen of the press. Start gathering the vinyl now. Keep a list of what kind needs what temp and how long to press. These are just some tips I found useful.
It's dark aqua, kind of teal-ish. At least mine is!
i have used it for vinyl and it works great heats very quick great press. but rhinestones i haven't done yet
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter, I seem to remember seeing an attachment for Hats.
Hi Harold - there must be a defect then. I set mine for 345 and it stops at that - it will fluctuate a few degrees down when in use - but nothing major. I would contact them and have it replaced
I've done more than a hundred shirts and a couple of bags with this press and have had great results. I have a Cameo and the two are happily compatible. Good luck!
A regular outlet that is seen in most American households is appropriate. Do not plug into an extension cord but directly into the wall. It comes with a cord for use in an American outlet...don't know which number that is. The temperature drops about 10 degrees, give or take a few degrees when pressing, and I can use it on top of plastic folding table.
Yes it will lock once u press it down
mine doesnot change the temperature when i close it, you have to wait 25 minutes before using it, for the machine to keep the temperature !
No they were all the same. I got yellow because I love colors but they are EXACTLY the same
Yes. I would heat to to 400 and let it burn off for 20-30 minutes, or until it stops smoking. Best if you can do outdoors.
yes, but watch time and temp carefully
You may have the pressure too high or too low. Too low and it won't stay closed. Too high and it's really hard to close. Try turning the black knob on the top
1 year warranty good price great item
I use mine for tshirts and sweatshirts. I haven't had any problems.
It comes fully assembled and is easy to use. However, you must go through some testing in order to figure out proper temperature, pressure and time for: A. different materials and B. different products (i.e. transfers, companies, etc.) Once that's established, should be smooth sailing. But always test test test!!
Yes, it is for sure an adult placement tool. As shown, you can use it for ladies sizes up to 2X and mens sizes up to 4X. This is not the Jr. (Little Buddy) version, which can be purchases separately, although the ruler has inches beginning at 1 inch and can be estimated for childrens sizes.
No, it's only for ladies and mens
It's adults sizes and it's plastic. I've used mine a lot and really like it.
It is just a card reader. Thanks Sammy
I have one and it works with my Quattro 6750 D
There is no software program that comes with this device. It's just something you plug into your machine's and/or your computer's USB port. It works the same as an external storage device that allows your machine and computer to see and utilize the digitized files on it. You need an additional editing software program of some sort to be able to read and print any of the files. One of the Buzz Tools programs which are far less pricey than full blown editing programs could can do the job. Hope this helps.
Yes, by way of a cable wire.
I'm not sure. I have a babylock that uses PES files. If your brother uses PES files as I think it does, the card reader should read.
As far as I can tell, it is only good with Brother machines.
no. "card reader" only
This card reader fits all Brother embroidery machines with a USB port. It even fits my Baby Lock Unity.
#One appears to be USA 7 or 1.65mm With unusually sharp/pointy tip #Two appears to be USA 6 or 1.50mm With normally rounded tip... Hope this helps with decision making! :-)
The hems stitch in this case is usually used to keep edges from unraveling before applying a decorative edging. I personally have not tried this. Since you can use the edgit through several layers at a time, I personally fold down the raw edges, pierce through the double layer and proceed. This eliminates the hemstitch step, & you still have an edge that is neat & will not unravel! The same goes for your pillow edging. Since you already have a neatly folded edge, just pierce and have at it! Run Brenda Run! Lol! ;-)
I didn't know that Edgit was a imposter and I never heard of the sharp.
Don't think so. Maybe a single layer. Have you tried a rotary tool?
Yes it lays flat. It is also just thick enough and square to use a t-square and has millimeter and centimeter calibrations top and side and has anti-slip pads on the back.
the working voltage is DC 12V. There is adapter in the package for you
This is not a computer sceeen of any type. You cannot put any kind of electronic image on it. This is specifically a light table.
1.There is a power outlet on the left side of panel (adapter goes with the item, transfer AC to DC for the panel); 2. USB cord: it is not the USB panel (USB panel is new product, we still do not put it on Amazon); 3. Panel stand will be needed
The brightness is actuated by the power button. Depending on how long you are touching the button the screen gets brighter or dimmer until it turns off. It is a very nice feature!
This has a very bight light. I have not tried to trace onto fabric only paper but I think it will work fine on cotton.
I would have to say no, you could not use it as a back light in a scanning process. A scanner produces light (in most incidences that I know) and you would have conflicting light issues passing through the negative. With that said, I do not know what your intention is. the Light Pad is very thin and the cord plugs into the side of the unit. The unit is cool, LED lighting, do not have any idea on a Kelvin Temp - not in my wheel house to know that. It is also very thin. Approx 1/4" thick - total. I was pleasantly surprised by that. It is very bright, I am able to place a color picture (printed on copy paper) on the box, and trace it onto 140lb cold press water color paper - with a high degree of accuracy. All in all, I am very please with my light pad and will be using it frequently.
NO. it is not a rechargeable light box or USB light box.
Yes it is! The whole thing is one flat pane.
You would need to buy brackets if you want to hang on a wall. The back of lightpad are soft pads on all corners.
Depending on who the vendor is, you can "customize" by sending an email and requesting a mix of certain colors.
Thank you for your question. This is a random selection of bracelets sold on this listing. These packs are pre-selected and pre-packaged directly from the manufacturer. If youre interested in choosing the exact bracelets you most prefer we invite you to visit our Amazon store and purchase from the singularly sold Nepal bracelets listings. We have over 300 individual listings for you to view and purchase from. This listing is for customers whom have no preference on what color they receive - this is why the price is so low. We will NOT be able to pick and choose these colors for you. Please let us know if you have any other questions or concerns we can address for you. Please have a wonderful day and thank you again for your question.
Thank you for your question. The listing you are writing about is a wholesale random mix selection which is why it is listed at a lower price. You do not have the opportunity to choose your own color choices on this listing. This listing is geared for customers whom just want a fun mix of Nepal bracelets at a great price and don't have any color preferences. If you would like to choose which Nepal bracelet you are purchasing we recommend you purchase from one of our 300 active individually sold Nepal bracelet listings. Here you can view, choose and purchase any bracelet you most desire. We hope this has addressed all of your questions and concerns but we are always available when/if you need any further assistance. Please have a wonderful night and thank you again for your question.
They roll on an fit any sized wrist!
They seem authentic to me- they look and feel like the Lily and Laura Nepal beaded bracelets. I am very happy with mine and will order again.
they are from additional colors and patterns.
You do not get to choose your colors on our random mix Nepal packs. You can however choose your color choices on our single Nepal bracelet listings throughout our Amazon store. Simply visit our Amazon store front and view our entire line of solo one-of-a-kind Nepal bracelets. We have over 300 different color variations for you to choose from.
Thank you for your question. We use USPS First Class Mail (Standard) for the default delivery of our packages. If you need your package faster we offer USPS Priority Mail (Expedited) as a choice for your delivery. Unfortunately there are heavy delays in all mail services due to winter storms on the East Coast and Mid West which will indefinitely delay the delivery of your package no matter what service you choose. At this point your only option for delivery may be USPS 2-Day Air Express and unfortunately that is an extra $30 fee. This is currently the only service that is guaranteed. You will need to select "2-Day Air" or "Express" during checkout.
I used Lion Brand Homespun (weight 5 yarn) for a large blanket measuring roughly 48 inches wide and close to 6 feet long. I think I used 9 skeins of that yarn and it has 185 yards per skien in the solid colors. I have found that the Lion Brand website has the best patterns for afghans and it gives you an idea of how much yarn to use.
Yes there is and I love it because it makes s tighter stitch than any of the other looms.&#128522;
First : the Knitting board company is great on customer service and will replace the entire board. Unfortunately, I have heard that pegs do break on this board. Secondly, you can drill a hole and replace the peg with a proper fitting dowel....however, not as good as the first choice..
Yes! I bought it for my teenage Grandaughter who,knowing she was getting one,bought heavy weight yarn to knit a scarf.Trial and error proved you have to allow space for yarn thickness by skipping prongs.After that,it worked out just fine. I hope this answered your question&helped you decide if you want to order one or not.I may get one for myself soon.This particular one is well made.
I wouldn't say it is faster. It is about the same.
The Knitting Board Company carries 28", 38" and 18" All in One Board that are adjustable. You can use different weights of yarn and adjust using the spacers. The spacing between the 2 rails or boards determines the size of your gauge, or stitches. You can create a light, open weave or very bulky effect with the thickness of yarn and space between the boards.
I have not used this yet, but I do not see why you would not be able to. This loom is very well constructed and much more durable than the other looms I have seen in the stores that are similar to it. It also has little notches at the top to help keep the yarn from slipping all the time.
I think you should be ok. The spacing on this is pretty good for a wide range of yarns.
The size of the blanket is 60 inches wide by however long you want it to be. There are 198 pegs.
Lots if info here http://www.loomknittingcentral.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Looms-by-Manufacturer.pdf
I used 3M-brand spray adhesive to glue it to the inside of a plywood instrument case. It worked flawlessly (I just followed the directions on the can) and it looks really nice.
I have never heard of this, undoubtedly, fine product. Thanks for asking.....
standard fabric felt thickness (it's in a bolt). Not the thicker craft type
The red felt is 72 inches wide. I have not bought any other felt from Amazon before. Good quality.
I don't have a measuring tape but approximately 3 feet by 6 feet its the width of a normal cloth roll I believe... I will try to measure it at home and tell you for sure not there now
I forget. Didn't it say
This fabric isn't fire retardant so you would have to decide that. As to how many yards you would need to make curtains depends on the pattern and the size of the window. Sorry I can't be of more help.
If you order two, you would get a total of four yards, but they would be cut in two 2-yard pieces, not one 4-yard piece.
It is 12 1/4" but I haven't washed it yet. So probably 12 inches.
this fabric is a repeat. each repeat is about 12 inches . if you need exact measurements I can go measure it.
It's not that soft. It's pretty thin too. I used it to make bumper covers for my son's crib. But for a quilt it probably wouldn't last very long
No, it is cotton or cotton/blend with little or no real stretch. Sorry :(
I do not think so. It would be too light weight.
Yes, I bought four yards but needed more to make YET another quilt!
It is light weight.
On the ones I bought, the oak leaves were about the size of real oak leaves...It is the exact pattern of mossy oak that you will find on their gear.
It has the punched holes along the edge on both sides for use with certain cutters. I use this with my cameo and have no problem with the punched holes being there
It would probably depend on the copy machine, but most likely it could not be run through a copy machine.
It is removable. It can be tough to remove and cmsome may consider it semi permanent because of its resiliency with a 5 year + life but never the less it is removable
Yes it does
You would need to purchase separate pins, backs, film covers and press forms to do other sizes.
Well when I received the button press I had thought that everything was there only to find out that I was missing one part that I needed to actually press the buttons. I have a friend on the other hand who ordered the same thing and got everything with it and his works fine so it is up to you whether or not you want to purchase it. Seeing as that the seller does not reply back to you and I couldn't find the part on their website.
Yes, but mine was missing a part and was useless. I had planned to use a 2 5/8" hole punch, though, and that worked perfectly.
500. the button is two parts, front and back.
Hi Mauro, Yes, the machine makes 2-1/4" buttons.
Hi Randi No this is not IKEA. It does not need assembling. You can see a video on how it works on this page: http://thebuttonguy.net/videos.html Video is near the bottom. "Using T150 Button Makers" The machine is easy to use. Thanks
Yes, 2-1/4" T15O Button Pin Badge Maker Hobby Kit comes with a clear plastic adjustable rotary cutter, and replacement blades in the yellow dispenser, which you can see in the photos. The Handi Circle Cutter will adjust to cut circles from 1 1/4 inch to 7 1/4 inch in diameter and comes with easy to follow illustrated instructions and a 10" square glass cutting plate. This is a hobby circle cutter, not for high volume button production, but if you're buying a button maker this is a low-cost option to get going and certainly faster than cutting out your circles with scissors.
Hi Robin, thanks for your question! The Flannel is completely undyed and is the natural color of the cotton fiber. There have been no chemical treatments or bleaching done to the fabric, and the Flannel is GOTS-certified 100% organic cotton.
Hi Jaklin, thanks for your inquiry! We have Heavy 8-oz. Flannel that's 60" wide, but currently the Light 5-oz. Flannel that is $11.82 per yard for 1-4 yards is only 55" wide. And yes, if you want more than a single yard simply change the numeral "1" to whatever yardage amount you wish to order. The price-per-yard will also go down the more yardage you order. Price breaks are at 5-9 yards, 10-19 yards, 20-49 yards, and the lowest price is the 50-yard roll.
Info as found on http://www.nrdc.org/living/stuff/guide-greener-fibers.asp ---"Look for certified organic cotton. Organic cotton is grown without synthetic pesticides, synthetic fertilizers or genetically engineered seeds. Even organic cotton may be dyed using heavy metals and toxic substances. Look for products certified by the Global Organic Textile Standard (GOTS), which requires the use of certifed organic cotton manufactured according to low-impact processes (see GOTS sidebar)."
We have lots available, more is coming in to Amazon shortly. You can order them on the site, but fulfilled by our company, Reusable Future if you need higher quantities than they have in their warehouses. It sounds like your needs would work well with this fabric.
I used it to back a baby quilt and loved it...no pills and nice and soft
I'd say the edges need hemmed or surged. It's almost like a thin receiving blanket you would get in the hospital for a newborn, but I would at least surge the edges so they don't fray in the wash, at the very least! I made mine into little wash cloths and surged the edges. Hope this helps!
Hi Joel, thank you for your inquiry. The 60" Flannel Style #15708-21 60 is definitely sold by the yard. Sincerely, Linda Hayes, Organic Cotton Plus.
Well, it's soft and heavy like flannel if that's your question. Maybe not as fuzzy as I usually think flannel is, but I'm not exactly a fabric expert...
Thank you for your inquiry! Yes, we offer swatches of all fabrics which you can order by visiting our website. Sincerely, Linda Hayes, Organic Cotton Plus.
Hi Leanne, I am not a coffee drinker, so I have no expertise in that area. But, I did just recently purchase this organic fabric. It's very high quality and is fairly heavy weight. I would consider it to be a fabric that would absorb fluid rather than let it pass through. I hope this helps. :) --Anna Seacat
Hi Hannah, thank you for your inquiry! Yes, we sell fabric by the yard, minimum order is 1-yard.
Yes!
Yes
Hi,Bail approx 21mm in total,heart 10mm,Bright silver colour.regards.kiky
yes, it is thanks kiky
The carrying case is 21" long, 4" wide and about 2 1/2" deep. It has a shoulder strap for carrying it. It is very light weight. It would fit in a suitcase, but not in an attache case.
It is together all you have to do is pull the legs down. the bar across just fits in the holes on the two front legs. It is real easy to do. Enjoy
Very cheaply. Buy it if you just want to use it as display
Not very securely. We have been using it for 3'x4' foam board posters, and I do wish I'd bought something a little heftier...they're alimium, and with that much surface area someone walking briskly past the board can blow it over...al least on a tabletop as we have been using.
No
No more than a few pounds.... The horizontal piece that holds up the display is narrow (an inch or less?) and it is has slotted holes for the mounting screws on the front legs. While this is a clever design, it has not been stable for my use (I have been holding up lightweight signs no more than 6-8oz). The screws afford to be "heavier" to provide a more stable/secure mounting. Suggestion: Check out the return policy before you order. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can stand and paint 11x14 canvas, if you can stand comfortably. {LOL], however the holding tray is only 1 inch.
YES
It's decently sturdy for display purposes, but not very sturdy for painting. I use 16x20" canvas boards on this with Bob Ross-style painting. The slightest pressure makes this feel like it's going to push over sideways or backwards. I want to add some weight like a small sandbag to this to hold it down to the ground. Unlike camera tripods that have a central pillar and ties to each leg, each leg of this easel is free to move independently of the others, which makes it feel tippy to me. The materials are of, naturally for this price point, cheaper quality. The first unit I got, the back leg pulled right off on the very first setup, and it never reattached permanently (it now always pulls off if I open that section of the rear leg more than 3/4 of the way). The second unit doesn't exhibit that. See my full review.
No, its not z pillow. and the kit did not come with the right color or quantity of yarn as shown.
No, it does not.
No, but the canvas had blue border lines and a paper in included instructing how to place the colors. (Counting over spaces from the border
I am giving this gift to my 9 yr. old granddaughter for Christmas. I purchased the regular size hook but with the non-slip/sponge type handle - so she can keep a good grip on it. I think the wood handles will be too slippery. Hope this helps. Happy Holiday!
Yes I bought this for my daughter this year for her 7th birthday. She did not have any experience with latch hook and she was able to do it.
It comes with the canvas, precut yarn and latch hook tool (I've noticed some customers say theirs did not come with a tool, but mine did). It does not include binding material but, really, it isn't necessary. Because it is only a 12" x 12" square it can be used for a wall hanging or, if you are handy with sewing, you could probably make it into a pillow.
Laura, I answered the question wrong . Yes it's stamped on the material. It has a instruction sheet that come with a color code. Hope this more helpful .
If he/she knows how to latch hook, then yes, also what we did, is bought a pillow and material to turn the whole thing into a pillow
The fit a regular mouth Mason Jar, NOT wide mouth.
It fits the regular mouth jar. I ordered some of the blue pint Mason jars to use with these. They look really pretty with flowers.
yes
I think this was made with steel that is chrome plated. I looks like stainless but it does stick to a magnet so therefore it probably has steel underneath. I hope that helps.
Yes
The mason jar has a 2 part lid, the ring and solid plate like liner. To use this product, remove the liner and replace it with the new frog lid. Then you will be able to screw this onto the mason jar. The outer screw ring will seem to screw on tightly but it does. I am using these now with tulips. They are great.
These frogs fit regular mouth jars only not wide mouth. Ball makes both pint and quart jars with regular and wide mouths so it is possible if you have the right jars.
I use Sew What Pro computer software along with the large hoop (they have a free 30 day trial, but I purchased it for $65 and it's SO WORTH IT). This allows you to edit the embroidery/appliqu to where it doesn't/does overlap how you want it to. You can do an appliqu in position 1 on the hoop and then move it to position 2 or 3 and put a name under the appliqu, etc. without re-hooping the fabric. It's amazing!
To clarify something for you Rayan, the SE425 IS the same machine as the SE400. So if you are buying something and don't see it reference the SE425, look for the SE400. The only difference between the machines is the disc you get with 100 extra embroidery designs, nothing else is different. And yes, this hoop will fit them, but won't recognize it as a 4x6.5 sized hoop, it will think it's a 4x4, and won't let you embroider anything larger than that. You can do extra designs within the added space without rehooping.
It really depends on your machine. I purchased this and can't do anything larger than 4 x 6 because that is the size my machine is built for. If you can adjust your machine for different size hoops then you can do letters as big as the hoop, which is 4 x 6.75
For this hoop you will need sheets that are at least 8" x 11", so the the 8 inch square ones do not fit.
Heather, A larger hoop allows you to sew a 4x4 design, and then move down and do another 4x4 design without having to re-hoop. It does not allow your machine to sew a larger design. You are still limited to the embroidery area the machine will sew at one time. Thank you,
Deena I, A larger hoop will not make a machine sew a larger design. It allows you to do a design, then move down, and do another design without re-hooping. You will still be limited to the size of embroidery the machine currently does. Thank you,
No you need the SA444 or SA445 hoop found here: (SA444) http://www.amazon.com/Large-Embroidery-Hoop-Replacement-Innov/dp/B00EDNN9LW/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A1RDLBSMJ0S327 and here (SA445): http://www.amazon.com/Extra-Large-Embroidery-Hoop-Innov-/dp/B00EDNQ8CE/ref=sr_1_1?m=A1RDLBSMJ0S327&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1428588605&sr=1-1&keywords=sa445
Yes
Yes, and is adjustable in 3 different positions, up and down.
No, I too had asked that very same question. To use a larger hoop you will need to step up to the next brother machine. On that one you can use larger hoops for larger projects.
I gave these as a gift so I can't measure but they were very small, probably 1/16" and they were all clear. Maybe a half inch total in length.
go to this page http://www.amazon.com/Christmas-plastic-light-twist-overall/dp/B001STNOGY/ref=sr_1_fkmr3_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1386607576&sr=8-1-fkmr3&keywords=ceramic+christmas+tree+plastic+bulbs+all+clear Thanks Staff
Yes.
Hi, thank you for your question. While we have several customers who have successfully used our markers on chalk painted surfaces, we do not recommend it. Painted surfaces are typically porous, i.e., the surface has small pores allowing liquid to be absorbed or pass through. This makes it difficult to remove ink from the surface once applied. If you believe the surface on which the chalk paint was been applied is non-porous, please test a small inconspicuous area first to ensure you can remove the ink. Surfaces that are typically porous include wood, plaster, cement, tiles, cork and brick. Our Liquid Chalk erases easily with water on a non-porous surface, i.e metal, glass, slated chalkboards. I hope we have sufficiently answered your question. If you have any further queries, please don't hesitate to contact us, we are here to help. Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
Hi, Thank you for your question. Yes, we have had great results with using our markers on blackboard contact paper. However because these products can vary in quality, we would recommend you test a small inconspicuous area of your surface first to ensure you have no problems wiping away the ink or there are no ghosting affects. We hope we have answered your question sufficiently, if you have any further queries, please don't hesitate to contact us again. Enjoy creating works of art on your blackboard contact paper! Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
My white one died after 2 months, which is troubling since all i use this for is grocery list and calendar. My yellow one is doing okay so far; however, i'm noticing that the way the ink comes out is not really consistent. With this one, it comes out fine when i write with the tip, but not that well when i use the entire surface (like how you would use the highlighter). Haven't used other colors yet.
Hi Leah, Thank you for your question. Apologies, l have only just received notification of your question, which is very strange as l check them everyday - I am sorry. Given you left your question some time ago, I am assuming you have already moved ahead one way or the other but to answer your question. I have never actually tested our markers on this surface before, however if the blackboard is made from glass then our markers would be ideal for this surface as glass is non-porous. I would still recommend testing a small portion of your surface first. If you are unhappy with our product, we are more then happy to fully refund your purchase. I hope this helps. If not, please don't hesitate to contact us again. Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
I used these Chalk markers on black chalkboard stickers and they are vibrant neon and have stayed on great.
Windex, nail polish remover, alcohol
Hi Rjb, Thank you for your question. These will work on black posterboard, however please be mindful, if they are used on a porous surface (i.e: like paper, chipboard, brick, plaster, wood) they will become a permanent chalk markers, you will not be able to remove the ink. We have many customers how still use them as permanent markers, particularly for paper crafts like scrapbooking. When the chalk ink is applied to a non-porous surface it will erase easily with water. I hope this has answered your question. If you have any further queries or questions, or need further clarification, please don't hesitate to contact us again. Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
yes i would think so..These are not actually chalk in that they don't just wipe off like chalk does. you cant just use your fingers etc to just rub it off. It only comes off when you use water on a towel or sponge or something to get it off. This being said i don't see why it couldn't be covered with a sealer unless the sealer is very liquidy then it might possibly loosen it up and it might run.
Hi Marissa, Thanks for your question. No they are not pastels. All colors are fluorescent - we are known for the vibrancy of our chalk markers. If you have a look at the images on the product listing you can see a picture of what the pink looks like. Unfortunately l can't add a picture to my response here to show you the other colors. They are all rich in color as well as being fluorescent. Please know, while l think you will be happy with our liquid chalk markers, if it helps, if you do buy a pack and decide that the colors are not quite what you were after, we would be very happy to fully refund your purchase. I hope this has answered your question, if you have any further concerns, please don't hesitate to contact us again. Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
I am unsure about that. I would contact manufacturer and ask them to be on safe side.
Yes. Test them before use to be sure but they should erase with out issue.
Yes. I would suggest a practice run first to make sure the ink flow is how you like it. You may also need to let it dry and do a second coat. The markers do work well though!
No
if you have chalkboard paint that is painted on a wall and the wall behind the paint is porous (like drywall) you may have trouble removing the chalkers. Also if the backing on the chalkboard you use is porous, you may have issues with it erasing as well. I suggest that you test the chalkers on an inconspicuous spot and leave it overnight before using them on a large area.
It's been my experience with these markers that it's a very opaque white... not a solid white on basically any surface, but especially anything porous (sp?) - anyway... they suck beyond anything you can imagine. Truly.
They work on any surface & need time to dry. Will wipe off with wet rag only.
These markers are meant for a hard surface. I haven't tried them on fabric but my suggestion would be to use white paint markers or white acrylic paint if you want to mark on fleece. None of these will come out however. These aren't dusty like chalk but more like a paint marker.
You should always test it. It will work with some chalkboard materials as their description says but others it won't work so well. I used it on a stick on chalkboard and initially it wipes right off with water but after it dries, it's actually not easy to get off. Whereas it comes right off of our stone countertop and kitchen backsplash. I think it also works directly on glass or mirror. So if the material is impermeable, probable works best. Hope that helps.
I think these would work very well on chalkboard decals. I would test first to be sure.
No. That was my plan, however, it doesn't wipe off the chalkboard paint. It will wipe off glass and other surfaces but not the chalkboard paint.
Most definitely YES. Spellbinder dies are awesome! They work great with the Cuttlebug. You will need a C plate. A, C and B plates are used together for cutting. A, B and B plates are used for embossing. If you emboss with the spellbinders dies, you will also need a tan mat. If you just emboss with an embossing folder, you just need the A and two B plates. Also a good tip when using really intricate dies is to place wax paper on your die first, then your card stock. It will make for an easier release. Sometimes if it doesn't cut through all the way, place a small shim (little piece of card stock) just over the area that didn't cut and run it through again, not over the entire area. The Alphabet dies are great and I didn't need to put wax paper in at all. They release just fine. For a wonderful website to learn all kinds of card making, go to card-making-magic.com. Christina Griffiths has all kinds of wonderful tutorials. You will learn a lot and she is very easy to follow. Good Luck and Happy Crafting!
They cut through foam I have not tried felt!
If it can take thin metal dies then yes it will work. I use them on the big shot
I have a Big shot but I ask the question to Google and here is a link that will help you. I'm french so the page is in french but photos are enough to understand. The response seems YES. http://lescrapdenatacha.canalblog.com/archives/2009/06/02/13833479.html
1 to 1.25 inches
No need for larger platform. Each letter die is separate.
You can use them with any die cutting machine.
the pin is 1 1/2 inches wide
Sorry, I have no idea. Mine has never been penned.
The brooch/pin that's shown in the picture. (The side view).
It came with ONE postcard kind of thing...ONE. And I ordered 2 pins for my niece and nephew so I just pitched the notecard or whatever it was supposed to be. Not much of a bonus. Lol! The pins are nice though! They shipped super fast, too.
About 5cm
They were smaller than I thought. 6 inches I think.
Yes they do have a string for hanging but I had one or two with the string missing ! They make a beatiful show
Easily! I wouldn't leave them out, they aren't fragile but the wind may take off with them. They are rather durable for how fragile they look. Unsaved them in a big plastic bin for future use. Give yourself time to fluff these, that was the hardest part. I did 12 and had a friend come over to help me for an hour.
Yes, they have strings but we used clear tape to attach them to chairs and tables.
I'm not sure off the top of my head. They were really nice though and accurately described by the product description.
Yes. The string can be tied to form loop to hang on a dowel.
No it's tissue paper the wind would ruin it. Maybe if u only wanted it for one night for a party or something. I hung them from the ceiling in my daughters room
you can use the 3/8 and 1/2 buckle, if you want to use a larger size you will have to replace one of the buckles sizes (held on with a wood screw), and place the new buckle on each end (male & felmale).
The jig just holds your work. The braid or colorwork is up to you. The instructions included are just how to set up the bracelet and a simple braid pattern. If you want to go further you need to purchase a book or search online for different patterns. The jig DOES make it easier to work some of the fancier braids.
The ezzzy jig goes from 6" to 12" and has two sizes of buckles that come with it.So. you have to make alwanac for the length Of the buckles.
Why would you need more? Did you break the ones on the jig? Contact the business that make the Ezzzzy- jig. Or go on line to them. Pepperellcrafts.
2 different size clips only
It's all up to you, this kit is design to hold the clip buckle in place and can adjust to the measurement so that you have 2 hands to weave n braid the bracelet. So if you're not making a survival bracelet and are making one as a ornament then there's no need to use paracord. The newer version comes with a hook to hold other size buckle, you can just hook wat ever cord you have n just carry on with the pattern you intend to make. It should be ok, not necessarily to use paracord. Hope this help, have a great day.
It works great
yes it will work with paracord. the buckles on it are standard for most smaller projects like bracelets and small/med dog collars, key chains/fobs. It is adjustable for longer pieces as well. I believe you can swap for larger buckles if needed. Good Luck!
The clips are replaceable, and I'm not sure about the measurements. It has the large and smaller clip on it.
from about 6" to 12 " finished length
it is small.... maybe 8x10... I would not want to attempt a room with this.
Don't remember exact dimensions, but were really to small for projects I had. I think they were less or about 6 inch square, I gave them to kids to play and draw with since I could not use them otherwise. I hope this helps.
A thin lightweight plastic...a little on the cheap side to me.
The colours in this 12 marker set are: picked raspberry (pink); festive berries (red); ripe persimmon (orange);squeezed lemonade (pale yellow); iced spruce (grey-green); mowed lawn (vibrant green); evergreen bough (teal); salty ocean (blue); peacock feathers (turquoise); shaded lilac; seedless preserves (grape); gathered twigs (medium brown). You can see "swatches" with the colour names using this link: http://rangerink.com/ranger-press/new-tim-holtz-distress-markers/
peacock feathers, picked raspberry, iced spruce, evergreen bough, gathered twigs, seedless preserves, mowed lawn, shaded lilac, ripe persimmon, festive berries, squeezed lemonade and salty ocean. hope this helps
yes they are water based inks must seal inkjet before using pens
I tested on copy paper - used dry, they would not bleed through, but you can see it from the other side. If used with water, they would bleed through.
I don't think so, they are good to paint on some kind of papers, like watercolor paper, because they are reactive with water. They are good for paper crafts.
Absolutely! Color the stamps in desired manner, "huff" on the stamp to moisten the ink, and stamp away!
I've really only used it with watercolor paper. You should check videos from jennifermcgureink.com That is where you will find some good answers.
If your referring to a finishing spray like krylon or new mod podge finishing spray I find if u do a light first coat and let dry then no it wont run. But if u don't coat both sides of paper then liquid can seep in from the back and make colors run. Spray both sides of paper. Hope this helps
Someone already listed the colors in response to earlier question on Amazon
Yes, it will.
For intricate dies, place the metal shim under the first plate and then the die with paper on top, followed by the second plate. Run through the Big Shot. The metal shim makes the design cut through the paper so the paper releases better.
Yes it can. I use mine in my Sizzix Big Kick too. Here is a link of info for you! http://www.scrappingcottage.com/faqs.aspx
3 3/4 inche by 3 3/4 inch square and approximately 3/8 inch thick.
It would make tiny pieces of soap. But I don't see why you couldn't use it for that. I think any Silicone Mold can be used for Soaps. I use it to make Embellishments for my cards.
Yes. It can be used for fondant.
YES!! It works great!
The window is about 2 and a half inches wide and and 3 and a half long. The window box can be added or not, as it cuts separately. it will add another 3/8 of an inch to the length.
Yes it will.
It is a thick die
The window is 3 inches by 4 inches. The other piece is approx. 3/4 inch by 4.
11 dies..two are to make scalloped layers for the front of the card, the others are circle cuts to layer on the "card's circle" and one is to cut the entire card with fold lines. It's a great set and very user-friendly!
A standard A2 card size is 4.25 x 5.5", which is half of a regular 8.5 x 11" sheet of paper. Cut the sheet of cardstock in half, either vertically or horizontally, then fold that piece in half. This gives you your card base (front and back). From there you can embellish the card front with die cuts or whatever design element you choose. Before adding your embellishments, you could cut a cardstock rectangle slightly smaller than the card front, in a complimentary color, to adhere to the card front to add color and make a base for your other embellishments. This is called matting.
The die is scalloped; so, no, you can't cut straight edges. I have been using this in my Cuttlebug.....just bought a Big Shot; so, the BS will be absolutely fine. Hope this helps!
The circle is 2 3/8".
No you treat it as you would for any wafer thin die
Yes, absolutely!
The best option is double sided tape.
two 4x6 but without the third picture on one page. especially if your leaving a bit space for a short description or title of picture two 5x7 should be tight but will most likely fit
No they are bound in.
Yes it will. I bought it for using as a scrapbook of sorts for heirloom pic's
I put a package together and gave it as a gift but I would guess about 60 - it is substantial.
Before about August of 2013, Provo Craft sold each Cricut Cartridges with its own keyboard overlay. It's a rubber pad that's fits over the machine's keyboard. You're able to cut the images based upon the keys pressed. Now, the overlay is universal - meaning it will be used for all future cartridges. It's very simply numbered and the numbers correspond to the images in the booklet that you're able to cut.
I use mine for A5 and C6 cards, for smaller intricut pieces try a sample with slower speed, hope this helps
I do not have the Expression 2 so I can't answer to that. I did purchase the universal keyboard overlay it was about $2.95 at JoAnn's and I've been able to use it with other cartridges that require the keyboard.
Yes
I believe that is the same one I have (smaller, mats are 6"x12"). Yes, All the cartridges should work on your machine. If you bought your machine new, you should be able to connect to the Cricut Craft Room with the proper cable. My issue was I got mine used and when I talked to support because I was not able to download the software, I was told I had no warranty. I think they were going to replace my machine had I bought it new. Oh well, Happy crafting!
Yes
You definitely need the new overlay. It should only cost you 2 dollars at the most. I'm not that familiar with the new Explore, but all carts do work with all their products. If you want to confirm that, I would check on the cricut.com website.
Universal keyboard overlay is used when there isn't an overlay in the cricut package. It is comprised of english alpha's and numerics. Those alpha's and numerics correspond to the pictures in the cricut cartridge picture booklet. The overlay isn't expensive, (under $5.00) and it can be used with all cricut cartridges that have number and/or alpha.
I really have no idea.... but try it. Don't think it would hurt?
Hi Paula, Thanks for your question. I'm sorry, but we don't ship to Canada. - Lisa from Paper Crafts Central
Embrilliance makes AlphaTricks for that purpose. You will also find many alphabet collections now come in the .BX format which means you can use the lettering by typing in, similar to a built-in font. And you don't need any purchase for that -- Embrilliance let's you run those fonts with the free version.
Embird can split an embroidery design in several ways. It will split according to hoop size. It will split bt stitches if you have a dense design and a stitch limit on your machine; it also split by colour. You can choose to split a design manually or automatically. Manually is always the best but there is a bit of a learning curve. Embird is brilliant and NO machine has the editing capabilities of this software, that is why most people use the various types of software.
I purchased Embrilliance Essentials specifically for my Mac, but the DVD indicates Mac and Windows versions both included.
It should. The software does not really interact with a machine. You develop your design and save it to the file type that your machine reads. Example, for Viking machines the file type is 'VIP' or 'VP3' and some others. You just need to know what type of files Babylock reads. Embrilliance is an excellent software and seems to be without bugs. I would recommend also getting their 'Thumbnailer' software. It will convert your files to preview tiles so you can readily preview the file picture prior to opening it. This is great for scanning through your files to find what your looking for. Hope this helps
I have the Janome MC12000 which does all that this software does, so I returned the software. Janome sews very nicely, so you may want to look into some of their models.
My machine doesn't use floppy disk. I use a memory card or USB. However, looking in the manual it does give instructions for floppy disks. Embrilliance.com website has a wonderful forum. You'll find answers to most of your questions there. Also, you can email the support team if you don't find the answer you're looking for. The support team is excellent & their response is quick. I love the Embrilliance software, it is amazing! Hope this helps.
Yes, the software I received is legal. It is actually Sold by World Weidner - Machine Embroidery Supplies from which I have purchased many other embroidery-related items. I registered the Embrilliance software with no problems, and they notify and download updates as needed.
I have Windows 8.1, and it works properly (I don't have the touch screen, though, so I'm not sure how that would respond).
Yes, the program does work with windows 8. My computer is a Windows 8 and it works fine.
no, you cannot scan images for this software. You need a digitalizing software and from what I have found out, several thousand dollars for it :(
I've used it at around 350 degrees on leather belts. It works great but you need to make sure to use tracing paper for your design because the foil will melt at high temps on direct contact
Hi Ruben, The roles are 3 inches wide, diameter 1-9/16 and the core diameter is 1/2 inch. Two rolls are shipped in a carton at the size of 7 x 5 x 2 inches and the weight is 13 oz. I hope, answered your questions. Regards, Victor
Please let me know which hot foil pen you are using and I will try using our foil. It may take some time to purchase the same pen you are using. Regards, Victor
This foil is for hot stamping only and not for heat presses for transferring to fabric. We will list the special foil for heat transfer presses soon. Please let me know what you are looking, such as: color, roll width, number of feet, and core diameter. Regards, Victor
Hi, We are selling the Hot Stamping Foil by color shade and not by carat. Do you have color sample of the 23 carat you could send me? I will try to match it. Below are teh definition of Gold. Gold Carats Explained Gold carats are always denoted in twenty-fourths. Thus pure gold (Au) has 24 carats - that is 24/24 parts by mass is gold. You tend to find pure 24 carat gold only in gold bullion slabs. You never get 24 carat jewelry because it is so soft the particles would rub off on your skin the more you wore it, and it would thin after prolonged usage. To make jewelry suitable for wear and tear, gold is blended with copper, silver and sometimes nickel to harden it. The carats tell you how much other metal has been added. Nine carat gold is 9/24 parts gold by mass, or 37.5% gold. This means that 62.5% of the jewelry is another metal. Fourteen carat gold is 14/24 parts gold by mass, or 58.3% gold. This means that 41.6% of the jewlery is another metal. Eighteen carat gold is 18/24 parts gold by mass or 75% gold. This means that only 25% of the jewelry is another metal. Twenty-two carat gold is 22/24 parts gold by mass or 91.6% gold. This means that the jewelry has only 8.4% other metal. Twenty-two carat gold jewelry is the most expensive as it is nearly pure. The cost of the jewelry depends not only on the how much gold there is in it, but the cost of the other metals added. Copper is cheap, therefore gold jewelry made with copper is cheaper than gold jewelry made with silver. Duragold 14k Yellow Gold Five Bead Station Necklace (2-5mm, 2-6mm, 1-7mm ), 18" Amazon Price: $69.14 List Price: $180.00 10k White Gold and Diamond Three-Stone Heart Pendant Necklace (0.1 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), 18" Amazon Price: $99.99 List Price: $300.00Can you tell the amount of gold carats in jewelry by looking? Gold is a bright shiny yellow metal. The more you add other metals the duller it gets. You can also tell by looking what other metals have been added. 22 carat gold jewelry will be a bright yellow. Mixed with copper, 18 carat gold will be less bright and 9 carat gold will be dull. If the alloy is with silver or nickel, the colour pales, so 18 carat gold mixed with nickel will be a pale yellow, and 9 carat gold mixed with nickel will look white (and is marketed as "white gold"). Most white gold in Europe is made with silver rather than nickel, as nickel causes dermatitis in some people. 9 carat gold made with silver will be more expensive than 9 carat gold made with copper. Don't just rely on inspecting the jewelry to tell the carats in it - all good jewelry will be hallmarked by the jeweller to indicate the carat. Gold is a famously inert metal - that is it doesn't react with any other chemicals. However, some of the other metals used in the alloy do react, especially copper, which corrodes. Thus people with 9 carat gold jewelry made with copper may find that the jewelry tarnishes and goes green or black, leaving marks on your clothes and skin. Therefore to retain the colour, go for the highest carat gold you can affford.
Brown
The Hot Stamping Foil we are selling at Amazon.com are for Kingsley, Aastamp, Howard, Kwikprint and a number of other HOT STAMPING PRESSES with 1/2 inch core diameter. Each roll is 200 ft, 3 inch widequality. Perfect for imprinting various products Can be hot stamped onto the following substrates: ABS, Acetate, Acrylic, Lacquered Wood, Paper, Polycarbonate, Polyester, Polystyrene, Polyurethane, Rigid PVC, Satin Ribbon. Caution: The above listed Hot Stamping Foils can be hot stamped onto the most material with a few exceptions, such as PP and HDPE plastic. There are foils with special releases available for these type plastics. In case the foils you have ordered is not bounding on the material you want to print on correctly, change to temperature and/or the impression pressure of your hot stamping press. If you have still no luck, please submit a matereial samples you like to imprint onto and the name of the Hot Stamping Press you are using. Our Hot Stamping foils can't be used for with hot lamination equipment. I hope, I answered your questions. Regards, Victor
Yes. I bought it for this reason and it works well.
Yes!
Hello. Yes, I've got gold and and it works with a laminator. I haven't practiced much yet and it will take a bit of tweaking to get the pressure/heat combo right, but it will work.
You can go to cricut.com to see all the art that this cartridge has
Hi Heather yes it does fit the Expression machine just make sure you use the Cricut craft room in order to use this cartridge because it does not have a design mat included in the box.
I have only used Cricut brand, but I am considering trying a different brand to save money. You only need a 12X24 mat if the item you want is going to be that large, otherwise you would be fine with a smaller one. I find it much easier to position items with the transfer tape, but if it is a smaller item then you might be fine without it.
You have to buy different cartridges for different designs.
If you mean the Anna Griffin Winter Wonderland cartridge, yes, you need a universal keypad to use this cartridge with a Cricut Personal Cutter, Cricut Create and Cricut Expression but not the newer Cricut machines (Expression 2 and Mini) that have the keypad built in and available on the screen.
Each of the new cartridges comes with its own handbook, same as before. Now they're just coded to coordinate with a single universal overlay. So- you buy the universal overlay seperately - you will only need one for all new and future cartridges. The hand book comes with each cartridge since they are specific to the cartridge.
No, it does not indicate any special features. Changing to the universal overlay is part of our commitment to creating the easiest-to-use cutting machines and cartridges on the market. A universal overlay that works with all new cartridges means that there's just one overlay to learn, organize, and store-instead of a specific overlay for every cartridge you own. All cartridges launched after August 1, 2013 will be compatible with the universal overlay. As a result, these cartridges will not be packaged with a specific overlay. Because cartridges launched after August 1, 2013 will be compatible with the universal keypad overlay, they will not be packaged with a keypad overlay. This means the cartridge packaging can be smaller. Smaller packaging allows us to keep cartridges at an affordable price point. Less packaging is also more environmentally friendly. The universal overlay is the same size as a cartridge-specific overlay, but has a consistent arrangement of numbers and letters, instead of the varying shapes and letters of older overlays. The universal overlay works in the same manner as the older keypad overlays: Each key corresponds to a specific shape or letter on a cartridge. Some keys can be used with feature keys or the shift key to make more cuts. Because the universal overlay does not change from cartridge to cartridge, you will need to use each individual cartridge's included handbook to reference the specific keys that create each shape. Some images require more layers than others. The boxes with a gray X indicate keys that are not used for a particular image. You can purchase the universal overlay from authorized retailers and at cricut.com. Only the Original Cricut, Cricut Create, and Cricut Expression machines that currently require use of a keypad overlay will need the universal overlay. Older cartridges should still be used with their cartridge-specific overlays and the included cartridge handbook. Once you purchase the universal overlay, you will be able to use it with each new universal format cartridge you purchase. If you buy an older cartridge that is not in the new universal format, keep the overlay that comes with it and use that. All cartridges introduced after August 1, 2013, will use the universal overlay. However, older cartridges will not be converted to the new format at this time and will continue to use the cartridge-specific overlays they were packaged with. The universal overlay would not be formatted to work with an older cartridge, so the handbook instructions would not be accurate.
the older cartridges have their own overlay. The newer cartridges that you see that are in the small square boxes use the universal overlay.
Since the overlay is just that, there are no instructions needed. The cartridges come with the instructions as to which keys are to be used for which design. Hope this helps.
Yes that particular cartridge DOES take a universal overlay. Some of the newer ones are requiring universal over lays now. I hope this helps. If you need anything else, feel free to ask :)
You need the "Cricut Universal Overlay for cartridge". Provocraft revamped the cartridges released after April 2013. The new cartridges don't come with individual keypad overlays any longer. They all use the Universal keypad overlay (that you have to buy separately).
no you can count your key's not the F key's. Top row is 1-10 so if it say's key 3 you just countin 3 key's and you got it
This overlay is made for the new cartridges they are making such as Anna Griffin's Winter Wonderland. Instead of images etc. it has page numbers that you use. It can't be used with the old cartridges because they are not listed by page numbers. Hope this helps you!!
Hi, That should be correct. If you purchase images online and or link your cartridges to craft room, you shouldn't need the overlay. Have fun with your cricut. DF
Yes, you can take the arms off, and yes there is a calf attachment. thank you!
I can't remember off hand what the pant size was because I used it for screen used wardrobe, but I have the measurements for you if that helps. Waist is 27.5", hips are 36", and you could get away with using an inseam of 30 to 32".
It's about 66" to ther top of the neck. Measured from the back.
Yes.
He is 6' 1 I am not sure about the shipping weight bit he is fairly light for such a big guy because he is hollow. We love ours.
Sorry, currently pick up is not available.
Hi, Here is the measurement we got: Bust: 37" Waist: 30" Hip: 38" Hieght: 6' 1" Thank you!
It is the flutter shy patch. We have tried numerous times to change the image to the correct one but someone is changing it to the wrong one.
I sewed it on. But, there is a pretty good adhesive sheet that you can get called Badge Magic, you can try. I have used it for my daughters scout badges. But after several months, there are a few edges that are detaching, so I am going to sew those on. Hope this is helful.
Fluttershy
It's should work for that it 3 inches long
Yes, this is an iron on patch.
I bought this kit for my 12-year-old granddaughter who shows an amazing interest in art and painting. I used to paint in oils, taught tole painting, and I hoped to be able to help her interest in art by giving her a nice kit which will allow her the necessary supplies to encourage her interest and skills.
There are numerous sharp pencils that younger children should not be given unless closely supervised. The paints and pastels (similar to crayons) should be no problem if they are not prone to eating their toys. The set though is geared more to pre-teens or older.
We were disappointed in quality. Looks cool but for the money go buy one from Walmart or hobby lobby. Our 9 yr old loved it. A 14 yr old needs a better quality one .
I am sorry Broooke I bought that back in December for a Christmas gift. So I no longer have it here. But I can tell you it was smaller than I expected. I bought it for my daughter in law and because of the size I ended up giving it to my granddaughter..
Yes, it is
Yes we ship World Wide.
I ordered two and it was one piece.
This is sold bt the yard your 2yds will be one cut. Check the description it will tell you there
Yes it is.
Yes, It is a precut quilt kit with all of the fabric to make the quilt top.
It is 100% cotton.
No backing comes with this quilt and it comes like out of someone home not put together very well
Yes you remove old mechanism. Keep in mind you will not be able to use other hands on these mechanisms. I was disappointed in that fact. I have lots of better looking clock hands that I can't use on these mechanisms.
With my order the hour hand was 2 3/8 inches and the minute hand 3 1/2 inches. You can order hands of different lengths and shapes for very little cost, and for the simple hands shown in this email, if they are longer than required you can trim them to size easily with a standard scissors. I hope this helps, D. Bradley
This clock is not for you-- The shaft is about 1/4" and the hands are too long, not ornate, and do not fits anyway.
I'm pretty sure that all the clocks that run on one AA battery have a universal mechanism size.
No,you can probably take it off.
Yes, it certainly does.
Yes. This might reduce some on the noise this product makes. They are VERY noisy. The hands just slip over the center spindle.
I think so
I cut mine with tin snips.
Don't know. What we ordered did not fit. Cost of item not worth returning. Will take clock to professional repair, est. $24.
I have used these markers on the chalkboard stickers, chalkboard paint and regular glass. They work well. Not familiar with Ziggyboard though. I use alcohol or Windex to remove writing. Vinegar and water would also do the trick, I suspect.
Hi, Thanks for your question. Many of our customers are using our markers on chalk paint with success, however we do not recommend doing so. The reason being is that chalk paint - and all painted surfaces - are porous. This means the surface has microscopic holes which will allow ink to seep into the pores. Once you try and wipe the ink off a chalk painted surface, you may find it leaves a faint mark. Generally this mark can be removed using Windex, an ammonia based cleaner, or a lot of people have had success with Mr. Clean Magic Erasers, which are designed for removing marks off walls without removing paintwork. Given the variability of different surfaces and different brands of chalk paint, we would not recommend using our product on such a surface in case you experience issues with its removal. Other porous surfaces which should be avoided for the same reason include wood, concrete, & tiles. Also if using on a chalkboard, please check to ensure it is a solid slated chalkboard. What you will find is that if the chalkboard has a soft wood backing (often pine or similar), then it is most likely painted with chalk paint which may cause the above issues. Manufacturers of chalk boards often do this in order to save cost, and as you will appreciate whilst we guarantee the performance of our markers, we cannot guarantee all chalkboard surfaces are safe given there are so many different brands and types. We trust this is of assistance. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
Not as long as you are putting the chalk on the glass. But remember it washes off with water so it would have to be on the inside of the glass.
Yes
Hi, thanks for your question. The Earthy colors do work well on dark paper, particularly our Chalk This Way chalkboard paper. Of course the colors are more muted than the Classic pack which are bright, bold colors. The depth of color also varies depending on the hue. For example, the mustard / peach / blue colors of course stand out a little more than the brick red, purple etc. This is purely the hues of those particular colors which are by default darker. We trust this assists. Regards, Will Chalk This Way
More like marker.
It has never left any residue on any surface that I have used.
Hi Tianna, Thanks so much for your question. Unfortunately we don't have a mix and match option. We do have a Bistro pack that contains white, blue, pink and yellow but unfortunately no green. Our Classic 10 pack does include all those colors however they are brighter than what is included in our Earthy pack, which are all rich Earthy tones. We would love to be able to offer you a custom solution however given the constraints of our manufacturing process this is not possible. We hope you have a wonderful wedding day :) Regards. Will
Hi Denise, Thanks for your great question. We would not recommend applying any chalk marker to a chalk painted surface, the reason being that paint is porous by design. This means that the surface has microscopic holes and ink will seep into the holes. We would recommend applying Chalk This Way chalkboard paper to your surface if making a chalkboard as it works brilliantly with our chalk markers. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
Hi Ryan, thanks for your great question. We certainly understand what you mean when you say you have been misled before, as often items sold on the Internet are not as they seem, and I have myself purchased products only to be sent something completely different! We assure you that with Chalk This Way, 'what you see is what you get' :) The colors shown in our image are what you receive. One point to note, interpretation can vary depending on the definition used. Teal by definition is a blueish- green color and can vary from a lighter blue to more commonly a greener hue. The product we sell is not called teal however is an earthy green that does have blue in it to create the saturation, therefore think this would satisfy what you are looking for when you state teal. We hope this helps and thank you for your interest in our products. UPDATE: 3/20/14 To all of our valued customers. Please note we have upgraded the design of our chalk markers to optimize the ink flow mechanism, and as part of this change have also altered the colors. We no longer have a teal in the pack. We do have a light blue as shown, and the colors shown in our listing are accurate, however wanted to ensure our customers are fully aware of the colors within the pack. Please do refer to our images for an up to date, accurate reflection of the colors. Thanks Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
no the opening is too small.
The ends they used are those metal spirals - if you want to take them off, you could either use large/strong scissors to cut the cord right before it, or use pliers to pull it open, since it's basically held down by one strong metal wire. :)
yes,
Lengths vary slightly, but most are at, or about, 17 5/16" without extenders or lobster claws.
they should. Pandora has a pretty wide bead hole
They should on the end with Chain not clasp. If I had problems with a bead it's easy to take off the chain with your small tool.
i would think unless they specify you can. that would be a no.
Not thin at all. It is a bit like tablecloth fabric, slightly glossy. Should work great for your project.
The length is 15 yards
No. This fabric is much too thin for a sofa cover.
The stripes are 1" and yes they run the length of the fabric.
No, I would definitely advise against using this fabric for ball gown.
I personally had no problems with the bolt. It was 15 yards with no breaks in the middle. I remember reading a review stating they had trouble with the bolt being cut. No problem here. Our tables looked amazing
i am not selling this fabric - you contacted theh wrong person
The stripes run the length of the fabric. So if you cut it in pieces it can run any way you want it. Used mine for runners on long tables.... Had long stripes. Curtains around a bar
The stripe is approximately 1 inch
Nope.
i have not even tried to take it off so i am not sure if it comes off or not
Yes it has pleanty of power for jeans .You will need some heavy needles though .
yes it does i love this sewing machine it has many options on it and you can even sew through several layers of fabric i have had it since december i use it almost daily and have not had any problems with it at all
No. It has a manual thread cutter.
Here is the info for the case I was talking about that I purchased on Amazon: Brother 5300 Universal Sewing Machine Carrying Case by Brother #1 Best Seller in Sewing Machine Parts -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- List Price: $29.95 Price: $21.91 + $7.99 shipping You Save: $8.04 (27%) Only 18 left in stock. Ships from and sold by FastMarketPro. Size: Single Case Single Case Twin Pack *2-piece carrying and storage case *Fits any free-arm sewing machine and most sergers *Molded from durable but lightweight plastic *Locking metal side hinges; built-in handle; stay-clean surface *Measures 18 by 11-1/2 by 14 inches
Yes it does.
I'm sorry there is no way on this machine to tell or even on the product manual. Sorry couldn't find that info.
Hi, I'm not totally sure what you mean by that, but the "lift" on this presser foot lever is exactly like other machine's lift clearance when you raise the presser foot, it just raises normally like more basic Brother machines do.
The SA156 bobbin.
Yes
It makes it so you can use any pen with your machine! My daughter loves to use her gel pens! I cut out a decorative bubble. Leave it on the mat. Then type a word, like Thank you in the bubble on your computer program. Then delete the bubble. Put your pen holder in place of cutter. Change setting to draw. Then hit cut. Now you have a decorative bubble that says thank you to go on a card! Hope this helps!
Yes to the fine point sharpies I saw online. It's all about the size of the part of the pen you hold when using it. If it is too fat it won't fit. If it's thin you can tighten it with the side screws on the pen holder. It works with any pen that will slide into the holder far enough for the pen portion to come through the bottom so it can write or draw on the paper. Hope that helps!
Nope! Those pens just drop right in and they are great!
Yes, it will work with all the Silhouette machines.
In order to fit inside the pen holder, the pen itself (where you hold it to write) must be less than 1/2 inch in diameter and the tip of the pen (where the ink comes out) must be less than 1/8 of an inch. This will hold any regular pens -- such as sakura gelly roll, pilot G2, Sharpie ultra fine point permanent marker, and even the generic markers from Michaels.
I wondering the same thing since shipping is $2.00.
I think it would be too light weight
The fabric is light weight and I do not believe that it would hold the stitches without bunching or tearing.
Probably. But I would Serge any edges before you begin, and you're going to need a pretty fine needle to not create runs in the weft and warp
6 yards would be 216 inches
No, it's not in the slightest!!
If you are using it in an average lighted room it blocks the light. However, I just held it up to the window and to a light bulb and light does show through.
It's %100 polyester and you can burn them to make fabric flower appliqus. I also sell ready to use satin, organza,chiffon,lace, felt circles and sew on rhinestones which goes with them. You can check www.iloveyoyodiyflowers.etsy.com Best Nil
We used the machine only with medium weight cottons, and my purpose for getting the machine was for my granddaughter to learn to sew and make clothes for her dolls.The instructions say that the machine is not for use with heavy weight fabrics so if I were in need of a machine to sew on denim and fleece etc I would not buy this one. The motor is too small I think.This little machine does not have a way to oil it so cannot imagine that it will hold up for heavy use. Also, this is a very small machine so it would be difficult to use for big projects.
Yes it does have a guard- it makes threading the needle a bit tricky, but I don't ever worry about my 5 year old getting her finger under the needle.
I feel that it would. It just like your regular full size sewing machine. It makes a beautiful seam. I have pieced full quilt tops with just this machine.
No
I'm not sure. You might check with Janome to see if they have a knee control that would work with this machine.
No. It's certainly not silent but at least doen't bother me at all.
looked at my machine - which I bought for my daughter (8) and we love and it appears the foot does not come off at least not easily
Yes it can handle a lot. I haven't tried sewing more than two layers of heavier fabrics (like on hems) but I think it would have no problem.
Yes you can back up to lock in stitches
Yes it does. It's different than my other machines but easy to figure out.
No but that would be pretty neat!
Yes
No you can't.
I Have Sewn On And Off Since I Was A Kid, And Sold My Old Machine When I Moved. I Bought This To Make Simple Repairs As Well As Pillow Covers, Etc. IT Is A Fine Machine For Learning Control, it Does Not Have A Lot Of Power. As Long As You Are Not In A Rush You Will Be Fine.
There is no special protection. It is like any other sewing machine, and I would NOT recommend no supervision for a 6 yr old.
Yes! The fat foot makes it harder to sew over fingers. It seems very sturdy, steady. One of my kids were 3 when I bought it. He loves it!
I actually returned the machine and got a better one Janome Hello Kitty, and we love it.
Yes
no
You don't charge it. The machine plugs into the wall and runs by electrical outlet. :)
No, but 2lbs might be.
I'm pretty sure you could. The skull is quite large and it probably wouldn't need as much clay is if you had sculpted the skull. 2 lbs sounds about right, but just in case add another 2
This is made out of a urethane foam. It can't really break, per se, but it can be filed down to your specification. It is life size, and I suppose you could put it on a mannequin head holder if you wanted.
Technically you can use any clay on this, but for the purpose of casting you would probably want to use an oil based clay like Monster Clay, J-Mac, or Chavant. How much clay is up to you and depends on what you're sculpting, but you could probably get away with using a single 5lb tub of Monster Clay, a single 10lb slab of J-Mac, or a 1/4 case of Chavant. And yes, the skull is life size.
no but its fairly soft so you could drill one
I'm not familiar with a life size skull that has teeth, other than maybe an anatomy reference. In that case Tru Form's life size skull would definitely be the way to go. Anatomy references are just that--references. Better to stick with an actual armature.
It's often used as a compliment to an armature of your making. So say for instance you would normally buy a head armature that comes with a baseboard, a rod/backiron, and some kind of armature formation at the top for the head (usually a round shape). Now, you can use your own baseboard, a rod/backiron of your choosing, and this skull. Basically it serves as a replacement for what would otherwise just be a round grouping of armature wire. I'm sure there are other uses, but this is how I most commonly see it used. As for it's durability, it can nick, as it's made of a urethane foam, but it's pretty sturdy. The clay isn't going to damage it in any meaningful way. Many people reuse the skull after they've molded their sculpt. They just pull the clay off and start anew. Hope that helps. Chris AFA Supplies
It takes a little bit to learn but I've used it successfully.
Yes - they are no difference... enjoy!!
Yes
Yes
You can use the 5x7 hoop w the mini clipboard w a hole cut out In the center to monogram caps.
Patricia, It will not. Unless you see your machine listed with hoops as being compatible, it will not work with it. Thank you,
dont know
Purple - it says it on the front of the box at the bottom.
I have a PE770 but I don't know about the PC6500. The hoops work in my machine!
These have metal screws. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these hoops...they are almost identical to my original Brother hoops that came with my machine. I've been using them for several months now, and have had absolutely no problems with them. I would definitely recommend these for the price!
I am a beginning quilter and it seemed to me like a lot. If you have a friend as I, that does quilting or a quilt shop to go to, it's a good deal. They both helped me greatly by steering me to complete it. I even changed the size and used my own material.
You can do either. I sewed some with machine and some by hand. It turned out great.
2 feet by 4 feet
They are vinyl plastic, so ink would be difficult to use. They take chalk marker very well and can be moved, erased and reused. Adhere to glass and can be removed back to storage paper for use for next party for names.
I actually use a mechanical chalk pencil that I purchased at a fabric store. It has regular chalk in it, but it is a lot thinner since it is supported by the mechanical pencil. It works great on the labels and my chalk cloth table runner!
Yes, they aren't very big, but they would totally work on cardboard.
You can use any chalk marker on these.
Not sure about that type of surface. If you are careful with them, I would imagine they should work ok. They do not come off glass at all.
I would not recommend using them as name tags directly on clothes. They are very thin and extremely sticky, they would probably ruin a shirt. You could stick them onto something else like a plastic clip name tag and use them that way.
They're 100% ready to go! Stick them on and write, it's wonderful :)
The stickers did not come off but they did not exactly look the same as they did before washing. They appeared shinier and a bit puckered. Overall,i was not happy with these stickers. I bought them to put on wine glasses for a shower and found that when used with regular chalk, the chalk came off with the heat of your hand rubbing up against it. So the person's name was barely visible!
The one in the Picture is black. But we could send you the brown one instead if you want. Thank you
56w x 38 high. Ear to hoof, tail to tail. Be aware each stripe is it's own sticker. Which makes it look better than the full sticker kind (which I also have), but a bit of a project to apply.
We would send you a transfer film. It is adhesive. You could transfer the whole patten with the help of the transfer film. You could find the instrunction picture for more details. Thank you
Yes first you apply the clear piece to the pattern and carefully peel the paper off as you press it on the wall making sure not to rip the zebra pieces as you separate the clear piece. I found it easiest to do in in sections.
no it is totally blank, great for an art journal
Answer is, not really unless your pressing hard on the tip of the sharpie.
Smooth paper. Thicker than computer paper, not as thick as drawing paper like bristol. A micron or sharpie probably won't bleed through if you're writing or lightly sketching, but might if you're doing heavy ink drawings.
No. It is just like any other bound journal. To get it to lay flat, you have to press it and crease the binding
220 pages
I am not sure of specs but i would say its about medium to medium heavy, about half as heavy as construction paper. great for sketching, but maybe a lil light for painting.
Yes, there was a sticker. It is easily removable and came off in one piece.
You can probable cut it out but it probable ruinthe binding
It does not but does come with a free motion foot. I love this machine for piecing.
I read somewhere that this one was the same but a newer version, it also has the needle felting attachment. I wasn't interested in that but the price was better. I notice the price has gone up since I purchased mine.
The machine comes with an extra plate for using the needle felting accessory...those two extra holes are to attach that needle felting plate, since it is a little bigger. I say "plate"...I don't know the technical name for that flat metal piece. Anyway, I bought this machine a couple of months ago...I love it!
Do you have the cord for the foot pedal plugged into the machine?
No. It is a single needle straight stitch machine.
It happened to me too in the beginning. Later I found out that you can't lift (by knee) the press foot immediately or at the same time of pushing the scissor button. You have to wait for half second to one second.
No, I haven't, but it's just like the Brother 1500pqs which is supposed to work on a long arm. This machine is too new for a review. Hope this helps.
Yes.
I get approximately 9 x 6.5. It's hard to get an exact measurement because there are some curves. I put my Designio onto a Gracie queen size frame. My quilt was not a full queen size which I would say is about 108 inches, but it was somewhere in the area of 90 some inches wide by 90 some inches long. It also was not really puffy. It was actually two pieces of fabric covering an old quilt that I used as batting, which made for a little more loft than usual, but like I said, not puffy. I still had plenty of room left in the harp at the end.
I have not sewn leather on this machine, but it goes through multiple layers of denim like a dream. It's fast too. Great machine.
Yes, it's demonstrated on the video that comes with the machine. I have the DZ2750.
I made the mistake of removing it. I later found out from one of the ladies in my quilting bee that it needs to stay in case to cover the machine properly.
The machine is fairly lightweight, I'm guessing about 7 pounds.
They have a Designio in the series that does embroidery, however, this one is not capable of embroidery except for a very basic monogram font. If you were wanting embroidery, I would select another machine. Hope this helps :)
No. The quilting foot has to be ordered. The machine though is excellent for the money!
Yes
No
This machine takes low shank feet. Kind of a click and play. I'm in Mexico am In Mexico and I plug into 110 and it runs. Great.
As long as you go slow through the doubled seams it does fine.
I've made several quilts with this machine. There was no problem stitching over multiple seams when machine quilting or through layers of quilt top, batting, backing and binding when finishing the edges. I find it dependable and easy to use.
Sometimes Brother is a little late in updating their website. This machine is the same machine as the PE770 except with a different trim on the outer case and a value added package of accessories and two extra hoops. They do now have the DZ820E on the Brother website, though.
I use a MAC and there is no problem at all. The files that you put on your thumb drive are just PES files, doesn't matter what kind of operating system you are using to load them on. What you will want do do, if you are planing to purchase editing software, is find one that is truly MAC compatible. I use Embrilliance and I love it.
I believe the ten spool stand sits behind the machine. But for an answer, call Brother Customer Service for an answer to that. I don't think the cover comes off, just opens.
You need two different types of stabilizer. Under you need a heavier one, (cut-away is best) and on the top you need water soluble type (Solvy is one of them). Knits need this type of stabilizer pair to keep the material from moving around. Thread, depends on the thickness of the knit. But there are two types of threads, Poly and Rayon. Always use either Madeira, Robison-Anton or Sulky. They aren't cheap, but are the best. I would avoid the ones sold on Amazon, unless they are either of the brands I mentioned. Most important is to use embroidery bobbin thread. The one that came with your machine is the best for the Brother machines. Hope this helped.
The same
You can get the free download Wilcom True Sizer on your computer, open your file in that program, and view it. You can also print it 1:1 from that program and you'll have a template.
Yes, any Brother machine embroidery software will be compatible with this machine. But most machine embroidery software these days will be compatible with any embroidery machine because you can save in whatever format your machine reads. (Brother reads .pes files) Just be aware that this machine has a maximum embroidery design size of 5" x 7" so you must create designs that are that size or smaller or size larger designs down before you transfer them to this machine for embroidery. I hope this helps. If you post the specific software package you are considering, I will verify compatibility with Brother.
You CAN spell out the entire word in one step. Just keep entering the letters you want. And, if it's too long (machine will beep and you can't enter any more letters), just select the 'Adjust' feature to rotate the letters and it will stitch out vertically in your hoop instead of horizontally. Just make sure to rotate your fabric if necessary.
Should work just fine - there are 4 fonts that come with the machine: you simply select the font you want, the size, select the letters you need and away you go! I suggest stitching out some samples first, to make sure you get the right size you want and that you like a particular font in the size you selected. Have fun - I LOVE my machine!
Yes it does. You can skip (or go back) just a single stitch or an entire step within the design!
I haven't had the Project Runway machines, but I have had a lower-level Brother (xl2600i Sew Affordable 25 stitch), and this machine just has more bells and whistles, but the quality is about the same. I need to modify my review of this machine because as I use it more, I have become less impressed by it. I have another, sturdier machine to compare it with now, and I realize that this machine is not all that sturdy. It's mainly made of plastic. It comes with lots of stitches, but I don't think I would buy it for $300 now.
I've had this machine for about a year. I've made many quilts with free motion quilting and a few garments so far and have not had any problems. It is fairly simple to learn to use and has many features that a new sewer could "grow into" as they improve. It comes with many attachment, a nice money saver. It is a fairly heavy duty machine--I have sewed denim and twill. My opinion is it would be a good first machine because it has enough features and attachments that you would not need to upgrade to a more complex machine for quite a while as you learn sewing. It however only has one stretch stitch and doesn't embroider if these are important to you.
Yes. I've had mine for 2 yrs now. And absolutely love it! It also has an attachment to make circular sewing much easier. I use this machine daily! ! It gets a real workout and I've not had ANY trouble with it. I will suggest the ' Brother lock 1034D, if your in the market for a surger. Easy to thread and use. Again never a problem with it! I do routine home maintaining.
Both our straight stich. One is center position and the other is left. Has nothing to do with zig zag
I know nothing about the HC1850, but I do quilt on my Designio DZ3000. The features that I would look for are needle down position, speed control, drop feed dog and lots of pressor feet provided. These will help a lot with quilting. But if the HZ has a stitch regulator, you might want to go with it because they are very expensive to add, if you even can, and they make free motion quilting much easier. I've had my machine for about a year, and have made many quilts without any problems with the machine at all. Hope this helps.
Yes. Google stitch regulator. They have them for brother machine.
With a heavy duty needle, I have sewn through 6 layers of fabric.
Way too small...monogramming is not it's strong point, otherwise it's a great little machine.
Why don't you call Brother? Or visit a Brother retailer, they would be happy to assist you in a decision. As for us, we don't own more than one machine so we can't give you any advice. And, btw, this machine is not "all plastic". No machine is, they have a metal frame, usually aluminum that keeps them lightweight. If you don't want that, then go buy another Bernina, but they are probably a good deal of plastic these days too.
US subsidiary of Japan-based Brother Industries Ltd. I think they are made in Japan and sold by the US subsidiary. As for metal parts. I'm truly not certain. I don't believe there are many. I know the DZ3000 I have some of the attachments are metal, the post where the attachments mount is metal. Inside like the core, there maybe some, but I really can't answer that one. Sorry.
I have both the 1034D and the Designio. The machines are mechanically identical. The only differences are cosmetic. They thread exactly the same way, and the user manuals are identical. I most often use thread made for sergers, but you can use any thread you like on a serger. I have used embroidery thread, for example. A very thick thread might not work as well, but it depends on what you want. Always test on a scrap of the fabric you plan to use, because you sometimes need to make a few adjustments to tension, stitch length, etc. for different fabrics to get a neat result.
Yes, it does both flatlock and rolled hems. Nice serger for the money, btw.
I suggest that you use the CD that comes.with your serger and follow the instructions carefully. I had that problem at first and found that the CD was quite helpful. Remember to unthread the two needles before you retread the loopers.
Sorry, the answer is "NO"
comes threaded and it is easy to thread. I love my surger.! Sews great
You still have to test sew any new fabric. It will also take adjusting the tensions. In short, it will, but you also need to learn the machine, what it does and how to adjust it. Nothing is automatic on sergers.
I am a new serger user, so all I can do is guess based on problems that I solved on other sewing machines. Check you needles and make sure they are not bent or rubbing. Clean all lint and dust. Rethread using manual as guide. I usually find my problem when I do those three things. Please let us know how the problem is solved when it is. :) Good luck!
I've never used a serger before- I watched YouTube Videos for instructions on threading and I had no problems at all. I didn't even notice the noise but I live with small children so my noise tolerance is probably pretty high.
Yes, you must thread it yourself the old fashioned way! I have three sergers, an Elna and two brothers and I have never seen a conventional needle threader on a serger. It's probably because it would be difficult or impossible to make one that would thread two needles next to each other. There are some sergers, (high end Brothers, I think) that claim to thread themselves using some kind of air puff system, or something, but I've never seen one in action and I don't know if even they thread the needles, or just the loopers. This is a very nice serger by the way, and I use it in preference to my higher end Elna all the time.
On two needle models, it has 4.5 mm (11/64ths) and 7 mm (9/32nds). I have had this machine (my first serger) for a couple of months and am enjoying learning a new way of sewing, nice finished seams and rolled hems. I like it a lot for the price.
Erik, the Designio line appears to be Brother unifying a number of their really exceptional, value-priced machines under one line, with the addition of value-added accessory packages. I own this machine and the Designio embroidery-only machine. They all appear to be previously released machines that have been very popular and highly rated that Brother has re-released with a new exterior trim and the value added packages. These are not the lowest end machines that are sold at Walmart, but they are also not the high-end machines that are only sold at Brother-authorized dealerships. They appear to be targeted toward online sales as I haven't seen them in any brick and mortar store so far. Hope this helps.
It's does look just like the brother I have, however the brother I have like the one in the pic has way more stitches! You won't go wrong won't this machine it's awesome, I've had it since dec, and love it!!
I have hemmed light-weight denim with it. I wouldn't be afraid to hem regular jeans with it, but I would use a denim needle and a longer stitch, go very slowly, and put something under the back of the presser foot when you come to the seams so that it sits flat and stresses the needle less. They sell a little tool for that, but I've seen tutorials where they just roll up fabric.
I does some embroidering on a small scale. I've used it to make a decorative stitching around a quilt boarder and added a name using the embroidering function, lettering was about 1/4th an inch tall. It does not create large embroidered projects. Hope this helps.
Yes it does. It is one of the small white buttons on the upper blue panel. You can find it by looking in your instruction book.
It comes with 4 bobbins. The manual states that one should use only bobbins made for the machine SA156, SFB: XA5539-151.
Most of it is plastic....I have had no issues with breakage, I was concerned a little with the top thread spool holder. Suppose it would be more of an issue if you are transporting it frequently, but mine is a sit around and no issues.
This is a simple machine with basic functions. You will be very happy using it!
I received 11 feet. Everything noted in users guide plus presser foot "P"
I'm not an expert on sewing machines so I can't answer if there's any type of major difference such as certain sewing patterns or button holes that one has that the other doesn't. I used youtube as my research guide and the DZ2400 beat out the XR9500PRW no problem. I'm not saying the DZ2400 was the top one all together but it was the one I liked best of the top 5 of 2014
I have the wrist locked, the one that looks like the face of a regular or small watch, and they are perfect. I am very picky on my items I purchase but these are everything the description says they are. They don't look cheap or fake and they fit perfectly in my little locket. FYI I have 2 other charms in my locket (a boot and a yellow ribbon from Oragami Owl) and only allows for one little gem to fit all in my locket. Hope this helps! I would highly recommend. :)
They are actually crystal and very pretty, I am very happy with the purchase, I actually order the 2nd set after I received the first order.
This amazon page is specifically for a pack of 12 colors; However, There are other amazon pages for each color individually.
On Amazon you get exactly what you see in the picture. In this case it is 12 stones, one of each color. Amazon does not allow for sellers to sell any item that does not match the picture and description.
Yes
definately !!!..i will provide you with any custom order you want and include bonus items .sorry in the delay to respond ...just found yr question you can call or text me at 8708342644
This is in response to the seller who gave out their phone number: It is against Amazon rules to direct customers away from Amazon by asking them to place an order via phone. Customers should never give out their billing information to an Amazon seller via phone. Many Amazon sellers have it set up so your shipping will combine, if you add 3 sets from a shop that offers combined shipping, you will pay shipping only once. Shops which charge a reasonable price for shipping are typically the shops that offer combined shipping via amazon. Shops which offer extremely high shipping are almost always the shops unable to offer combined shipping via Amazon.
I believe the small medium is for sizes 12 and below. HOWEVER, my top is a 12, but my bottom is size 14 or more. I simply pinned some shoulder pads onto the hips. I used 4 shoulder pads putting 2 pads with their straight edges together, the bottom pad facing up and the top pad facing down. My measurements are now exact. If you get a form that is too big (I believe the large form is for size 14 and up) you can't shrink it to make it any smaller than it's lowest measurements. In other words, you can make a smaller form bigger, but you can't make a bigger form smaller.
Here is the info from the Singer website: Bust: 33 - 41 inches / 84 - 104 centimeters Waist: 25 - 33 inches / 64 - 84 centimeters Hips: 36 - 44 inches / 91 - 112 centimeters Neck / Back: 15+ inches / 38+ centimeters. I would say that is pretty accurate if you are fairly proportional. I have a hard time adjusting it for my size 8 hips and size 12 jacket. It "pops" out of adjustment.
No length isn't adjustable unless it's overall height (neck to ankle), or width.
Yes, it is pinnable.
I was having the same problem, I opened the form as wide as I could and let it sit like that for a day, now it works well.
No, the pole is directly in the middle. A skirt, yes.
Hi I googled extended shoulders and it has the same shoulder slope this mannequin does. I measured from base of the neck to the end of the shoulder and it is 6". I have taken in a jacket and a shirt at the shoulder because when I bought them the shoulders were too big with no problem. The jacket was quite heavy. I don't know if the shoulders are extended but I have taken in shoulders before without a mannequin and this time this mannequin made the job way easier.
Look at Dritz. They come in similar sizes, but they'll tell you how to adjust it. Singer will make you play guessing game with your measuring tape.
Yes, the top can be easily separated from the base.
Sorry I sent as a gift to my daughter in Ioea so I don't know.
Here it is: Bust: 39 - 47 inches / 99 - 119 centimeters Waist: 31 - 39 inches / 78 - 99 centimeters Hips: 41 - 49 inches / 104 - 124 centimeters Neck
No it adjusts at bust, hips and waist only.
I have it adjusted to size 14 with bust size 40 DD. Looks like there might be a little moe adjusting available but not more than 1 size,
This form will fit you. Opened all the way the measurements are Bust 45.5, Waist 39, Hip 50.
I don't really know since I only have the red form, but I've noticed on other products (mainly luggage, bags, clothes) that sometimes the more popular color(s) are often priced higher.
Unfortunately you can't adjust the waist to make it shorter only longer or adjust the breast area. I had to but a bra on the form and adjust it to my body by stuffing it to my size .
Yes
I can size a twelve up to an 18
Medium/Large Sizing: Bust: 39 - 47 inches / 99 - 119 centimeters Waist: 31 - 39 inches / 78 - 99 centimeters Hips: 41 - 49 inches / 104 - 124 centimeters Neck / Back: 14 - 16 inches / 35 - 40 centimeters
Honestly speaking I have not opened it as of yet, but I would type this product in the YouTube search because many people showcase or rate a product or simply show one how to use.
According to the chart printed on the board, the smallest box is 1.75 x 1.75 x 1.75 inches (from paper size 6 x 6 inches) and the largest is 4 x 4 x 4 inches (from paper size 12 x 12 inches). Hope this helps! :)
It depends on what weight paper you use. The heavier the paper, the sturdier the box will be. I use Bazzill paper for most of my projects and cards and it works very well. Die Cuts With a View paper is heavier and would work well for boxes.
I recommend card weight which would be readily available on Amazon. That would include heavy scrapbooking paper as well. Otherwise the scoring could tear the paper.
Get the envelope punch board! I have it also and Love it!
I'm not totally sure...hate to say...but I haven't used it yet..lol. Check out YouTube..i do have the envelope board and it has to be turned in a specific direction to work right..YouTube helped me figure that out :)
It weighs about 5 ounces
Hi Gail, Here are the details and sizes for you: http://www.weronthenet.com/File/View/1361120f-08d9-415f-8712-98d81456d790 Happy New Year!!!
You can find all the information for sizes here: http://weronthenet.com/Tool_Directions_Punch_Board Good luck!
hmmm, I did not try this one, but I think yes you can. this tool makes different sizes of boxes. you can use also the envelope punch board to make box for your card. For ideas just go to youtube.com and type ' gift box punch board' or 'gift box punch board project' of gift box punch board crafts' you will find amazing ideas.
Yes you can. It would be a tall box but would be rectangular shape. The boxes that this board makes do not have lids with them. The tops of the boxes fold down and lock into place. They range in size from 1.75 x 1.75 x 1.75 up to 4 x 4 x 4 (in inches)
The desk is 30 inches high one pulled out, and it's 22" x 28" for the workspace. Hope this helps you Eli
Yes and no. You have to open the front to access the storage area, and the front is the desk surface and support that touches the floor. You can choose to hold it open on your own, but really you do need to open out the desk to get good access.
Without knowing what was included prior to me purchasing one of these I can't say for sure, but I found the hardware to be acceptable. I used my own mounting hardware to ensure it was well secured to the wall.
If installing in drywall don't use anchors that come with unit buy heavy duty ones at home depot. Also the unit has two predrilled holes I suggest putting another on in. Only costs a couple $$$ and you won't have to worry about the weight on the wall. As far as how much can it hold when desk is out... you can't sit on it ;). But it holds the weight of a laptop books and your arms fine.
Yes
I have my paper work I'll look tomorrow to see if there's a number to call
Yes
My daughter uses it as a homework desk. The storage compartments are about 5 inches deep. The little cubes are only about 3 inches wide. The slats on the left side of the storage area are perfect for folders. I would think that as long as you used thin little baskets, it could be used as a vanity.
No there was no glass panel in the box I received
White :-)
Hello, thank you for your interest on our products. This kiln can reach 1000 C and it is especially designed to work on 115 V in USA. Many thanks. With Regards. Technicalsupermarket
Dear Pamela, Thank you for your interest on our equipment. This kiln is fully suitable for works with glass soften and fusing processes because reaches 1000 C (1832 F), but we do not know this process as well as you and do not have any idea what you will do with this bottle after it will reached a required temperature. This kiln is very compact and is two small to work inside the chamber because it will cool down very quick if door is open. Or you will have enough time to take this bottle out and work with the edge before it will going to be cold? No any idea. sorry:) Have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! With Regards Yossef D'Lure Technicalsupermarket TSMP Ltd
When I got mine it came with an extra one
Yes, it will fire to that temp. Just check the interior dimension to make sure it will fit your pieces. The shelf inside is removeable.
I believe it is cone 6 it is a wonderful kiln but it is very small interior
Hello, Thank you for your interest on our products. Yes, this kiln is fully suitable for glass works for beginners and for professionals. hope this information will be useful to you. With Regards. Technical supermarket.
Hello, thank you for your interest on our products. You can download a user manual on this kiln on our website. If you'll go to Google and type in - technicalsupermarket then it will redirect you on our website. Or just try to send to us your email address and if Amazon will allows to do this then we will send to you a link on this instruction. Hope this information will be useful to you. With Regards. Mr. Yossef D'Lurie. Technicalsupermarket.
Hello, Thank you for your interest on our products. We have many types of these materials... If your materials required less then 1000 C then it is fully suitable to work with. You can find required firing temperature on each material in user instructions. Hope this information will be useful to you.With Regards. Technicalsupermarket
Hello, Thank you for your interest on our products. Unfortunately this kiln can't works continuously longer then 12 hours and in any case it takes 850 Watt in hour. Hope this information will be useful to you. With Regards. Yossef
Hello, Thank you for your interest on our products. Yes, Silver clay (PMC & PMC+) required just 900 C (1650 F) when this kiln reached 1000 C (1832 F). You can use it with all types of clay. Hope this information will be useful to you. With Regards Yossef D'Lurie Technicalsupermarket TSMP LTD
Yes it does! I have a Vagabond and it worked just fine!
The outside edge of the largest heart is about 4 in wide, 3 1/2 in tall. HTH
One heart is about 3" x 3.25", another one is about 4" x 3.5". Very pretty!
Excelente
Yes. In fact it almost does better with the single or double-bound, since it has a nice little slot for the main fabric to be sandwiched, while the funnel forms around it. Note that there are a number of sizes available for wider binding.
1/2"
I will sugest to find out with your Husqvarna dealership if your machine has a low shank. and if it does then yes, you can use the Distinctive Binder. By the way, your machine is just gorgeous, congratulations.
I would think so as long as you have the low shank style presser foot . I used it on my Baby lock ,Ellisimo Gold and it fit perfectly. If you ask your dealer their going to want to sell you one for that machine at double or triple the price... That happened to me on one of the other presser feet. I could have easily used the one made by Distinctive and saved a lot of money.. I have several of the presser feet attachments from them and they all fit my machine perfectly.
I haven't used this presser foot much as I find it difficult to use.. However, in my playing around with it I've used double fold tape and it seemed to work better than the single fold.
If you mean the width, it will only take up to 1" wide binding. I have one and was surprised at how small it is.
I have yet to try it other than seeing if it attaches easily, which it does. Sorry.
I am sorry I cannot help you with this since I returned the product.
Yes you can. Make sure you wash it by hand first (i'd recommend using a liquid soap called "Soak" that does not need to be rinsed out). Just swish it around in lukewarm water with the soak, layer it between a few colorfast towels and roll it up to squeeze out the water. Then lay it out on your blocking board and begin pinning one pin on each side (I start in the center of the side-if that makes sense) continuing around the piece, adding a pin to each side to make sure it is stretched evenly. If you have cats, they tend to love sitting on things as they block, for some reason, so I usually cover my piece with a light cotton sheet. I hope this helps!
The blocks are 12" x 12", including the tabs that connect them together. The thickness is 3/8", and the printed grid is in one-inch increments.
Yes, they have a blue paper label glued on the grid side that does NOT peel off cleanly, but instead leaves a sticky spot that is extremely difficult to remove. The smell is awful! The smell is so strong that it went through the tablecloth and made the tabletop smell. Fortunately lemon oil removed the smell. I threw them in the trash. I would NOT recommend these blocking boards. The idea was good. The execution failed miserably. Another reviewer who crochets recommended playroom tiles instead. I ordered some, but they haven't arrived yet. Don't waste your money on the Boye blocking boards. You will NOT be happy with them.
Yes
I have only used for wet blocking. Sorry.
They charge per piece so the price for several is more than buying set
it's separately&#65292; you can sticker it as your will
Yes, it only works the way it is pictured. It doesn't stick very well if the walls aren't clean. Fabric spray adhesive works well and you can still take it down without a problem.
hi when finish stick,about 2m
When I received mine in the mail it was a lot smaller than they advertised.
I'm not really certain but it was all enough from the floor to the top. Not very wide but certainly looked very pretty
I only had it up a few minutes but it was about 5' tall. It was very spread out and would have been just as pictured if it had stayed stuck to my wall. :)
Hello. My walls are eggshell with a spray texture. It kind of stinks to the wood trim above my daughters closet. This is flat and without ridges. A bummer because it looked adorable for the five mins it stayed up.
It fits nicely on a flat wall. Ours was close to a large window. Looks great. The first thing you see when you walk into the room. A WOW factor! Lots of compliments.
It can definitely fit in a suitcase. The packaging is equivillant to a rolled up poster.
don't buy it. It doesn't stick to the wall. read the reviews.
Sorry but that is the same question I asked. I did not get a diagram or instructions either and cannot really tell from the picture where all the pieces go. It says to refer to the diagram but there is not one included.
No it does not after you have made the quilt top then take the measurements of the finished top and then buy fabric for the quilt back
Yes, I used a sewing machine.
If you make it as is, it's 69" x 69". The quilts I make for the church are supposed to be 62" x 80", so I took some from the sides and added it tot he top and bottom to make it come out just right for me. All of the precut quilts by Material Maven are the same size, so I do the same to it. They're great fun, open the package and go right to the sewing machine !!! She uses great fabrics as well !!
first of all I love my French field easel. How large does it get? Well, you start out with an easel all folded up to about the size of a slightly oversized briefcase. Once fully extended and completely set up you have a full blown easel capable of holding your canvas, your supplies, and your brushes. I use a second carrying case for all my tools and brushes as a backup along with extra paint. The easel itself is really well built as long as you don't drop it or over tighten the wing nuts. Once you get the knack 4 disassembling it you will be amazed at how compact it is. But it is not a flimsy piece of crap. I own two French easels both purchased on Amazon. I bought my first one used and loved it so much I bought a new one slightly smaller as my backup because I like to do two paintings at once when I'm in a field setting or when I'm in the woods. if you are truly inspired by painting this French field easel is much better and more convenient than the metal stands and the other types of easels I have found in art stores. for painting on location, in remote areas, or simply in your backyard, the portability is great. Good luck and I hope my comments help you out.
I agree. Sturdy and well made but a little confusin to put up and down
Just in the drawer
Yes!
The draw happens to be partitioned with blocked compartments. So not sure how yours will fit it. You may have to remove the partition to accommodate your palette.
Yes, it can hold a sketch pad or canvas. It is very sturdy and also adjustable. Great choice!
yes, you can adjust the legs, you can adjust pretty much everything. Regards
7 pounds empty give or take.
So sorry I can not find manufacture mark of origin on easel .
Mine has no wing nuts on the legs, the simply fold out and extend via screws on each of the two sections of legs. At the pivot point on the easel it seems the legs are attached with Allen screws, and maybe be tightened or loosened via an Allen wrench....
Hello! Thank you for your interest in our item. Measurements: 14 inches in length x 13 1/2 inches in width when assembled. The slots are 3 1/2 inches x 3 inches. Have a great weekend! Pierre
Per divider! Great deal!
Hi Jeanne, the slots are 2 3/4" (two and three fourths) inches high. I have them in a drawer that is 3 1/4" inches deep, and they fit down in the drawer very well. I hope this helps you.
Yes...you will receive two dividers.
No
Yes, it is included and the fabric in the picture is what you receive
Did you open everything? My grandmother thought the same thing until she opened everything and found them.
Yes, there is a colored layout sheet and written instructions. This quilt kit is comprised of squares.
From what I've read, you are able to paint these with regular acrylic paints and seal them with clear coat and do not need to fire them.
No. The lights are little pegs that insert into the holes from the outside.
It's 10" in diameter, 15" tall (with the base), so I'd say the tree itself is 13".
Hello Leslie, the twist lights that fit in the holes on the braches are 1" long and 3/8" wide and you receive an assortment of them for the tree. The Star light for the top is 4" long x 2.5" wide. The bulb that lights the tree fits in a clip in electrical cord and the bulb is 15 watts, and is 2.75" long x 3/4" wide. I hope this information helps you out. Thank you, Jeff
No, my husband used a high gloss spray paint. It looks awsome. We spray painted it white,and looks very nice.
You can use this Rotary cutter to cut paper. You do need a flat table and a Rotary cutter mat. The mat is "self-healing'. so when you cut on it it heals itself. The cutter part uses rotary cutter blades. If you use yours to cut paper, do not use the same blade for material and visa versa. Just as you wouldn't use your good "material" scissors to cut paper.
I followed the pictures on the box. You'd use the ruler like any other ruler except you run the blade back and forth. I;ve been cutting through four layers easily. The box also contains easy directions for changing blades.I had originally seen the ruler used by Eleanor Burns in a Fons and Porter quilting program last Fall. Go to FonsandProter.com and click on episodes with Eleanor Burns and Mary Fons. You also could go to the Fiskers web site and I.m sure it will have directions.
There is a tacky strip on the bottom of the cutter. It holds the fabric in place. I have to be careful at the ends of the cutter because the strip doesn't go all the way to the end. Works nicely.
I haven't used this ruler much yet, but I believe you can cut bigger with another ruler. I used just a little before I went on vacation and loved it. It's much quicker and easier than the ruler & rotery cutter.
Yes. I just changed my blade to a pinking one and it works great. There is a little magnet under the blade so it won't fall off when you change it.
only one blade comes with it
I have cut 6 layers with no problem!
Not that I know of but there is a little booklet that tells you how to us it. It is very easy to use.
Hello, If you bought your Singer 9100 new, you should have an instruction manual and a DVD "Ready, Set, Sew". The DVD is very helpful, especially if you are having problems. See Maintenance and trouble shooting. The needle # is 2020. They come in different sizes for light to heavy fabric. If you are using a smaller needle on heavy fabric you may break it. The sizes are 80/11 (light)90/14 (medium) 100/16 (heavy as denim) Buy anywhere. I hope this helps. Sandy
My wife says: The machine does not make any more or less noise than any other machine she uses. It does make a peculiar noise when powered up to "rehome" the needle to exact center if it is not already there. This is normal, but there is noting in the user manual about this. In general, she thinks that it IS pretty quiet and adds that it is a very good machine. Mike
Hello, This machine just gives you simple monogramming of letters and numbers. you do not have the option of changing the size of Alphanumeric patterns, but there is such an option for other patterns. Size of alphanumeric patterns are 7.0mm width and 3-5mm length (in Block style)/ 2-4mm length(in Script style). I should mention that when you choose the memory option for any words you want to sew, the last letter will be always sew as the starter and last letter. this is something that just bothers me when I want to sew a word, and I do not know how to solve it! Apart from that problem I have, everything was and is good and functional with this machine up to now for me!
I ordered an attachment kit from eBay, 15 xtra feet, the work great..
They are metal...mine works great!
Easy. Just be sure to read the booklet that comes with machine.
Hi Sharon, It does two sets of lettering for monogramming and has a foot for embroidering...I haven't used it for this purpose. I'm not sure if I would sew multiple layers of heavy material without a heavy duty needle and a test. I mainly use this machine for costuming...light to medium weight materials and stretch. It does ruffle tulle beautifully, which was the reason for me purchasing this machine. Hope this helps.
We ship factory new models. This is the same model that sells in retail stores such as Walmart and Michaels
Standard Included Accessories: All purpose foot (installed on machine) Zipper foot Automatic buttonhole foot Overcasting foot Blind hem foot Satin stitch foot Button sewing foot Brush / Seam ripper / Buttonhole opener Spool holders (Large and Small) Edge / Quitling guide Bobbins Needles Screwdriver (Large and Small) Spool pin felt Second spool pin Heavy duty canvas dust cover with built-in storage Extra large extension table Power cord Foot control Instruction manual(English and Spanish)
These presser feet appear to be universal and click onto the small bar of the presser foot holder.
If this is a low shank machine it should. The only one that did not work on my machine was the stronghold maker.
No, it does not fit.
They fit.
They fit many standard Brother machines.
The set includes : 1. Low shank snap on Adapter 2. All purpose /Zig Zag Foot 3. Buttonhole foot 4. Satin Stitch Foot 5. Quilting /Straight Stitch 6. Button Sewing on Foot 7. Zipper Foot 8. Hemmer /Roll Hem Foot 9. Blind Stitch Foot 10. Cording Foot 11. Overcast foot 12. 1/4" Patchwork Foot 13. Darning Foot 14. Gathering Foot 15. Simple Walking Foot (economy).
Outside dimensions are 24L x 12.5D x 19.5H inches. Yes it is. Thanks, Oren
Yes, it should fit. There is a little give. Thanks, Oren
I'm not sure of the measurements of that machine. As ling as it is within 19" L x 13" H x 12" D, it will fit this case. Thanks, Oren
It only comes in red or silver, we do not have blue. I have heard of people traveling with it and it went just fine. The main protection to the machine is the inner bag being used properly, the exterior is just a shell. Thanks, Oren
I'm not sure the exact dimensions of that machine. As long as it's within 19" L x 13" H x 12" D, it will fit this case. Thanks Oren
Yes, the zipper goes all the way around.
Yes it has a zipper around it. I love mine. It rolls so easy.
It does not have a brand name on it anywhere that I can find.
550yards on each spool.
Yes, the color# and name are on the spool itself which is the same as original Brother Threads.
These are ThreadNanny Brand of threads as mentioned on the title and in the details.
I believe the thread will work well for you however, there is no thread stand that comes with it.
The difference between sewing and embroidery machine that sewing thread is more stronger and thicker. On the other hand, embroidery is very thin and thin. It is not a good idea to sew a project with embroidery thread, more likely the project will tear apart very soon. I will recommend to check polyester sewing thread. It will be good for any fabric and very strong.
The way i do it is, i see where the tail is usually they will be a loose part of thread..i pull that loose strand and it comes undone
The starter thread is usually wrapped at a slightly different angle than the rest of the thread (you have to look closely). Once you find that single thread, just slip a straight pin or something under it and give a bit of a pull. The end will come out from the top of the thread cone.
These are ThreadNanny Brand of threads as mentioned on the item page.
There is 550yards per spool on each spool. It is also available on larger 1100yards Cones with Snap Base from our Amazon Store
I haven't tried it on a Singer. Google or to see if they are compatible.
This fabric is awesome! Very sturdy. I actually used it for dog beds for my big fosters and it has really stood the test of time, chewing, and definitely upheld its waterproof claim. Highly recommended for your awning. It's also easy to work with if you plan to sew it yourself.
I am sure the vendor can tell you the exact size. the canvas I purchased was a standard width and as long as I wanted it to be.
I had the same question when I ordered. I gave explicit instructions as to the EXACT size I wanted. I was ordering 10-12 feet, and was using it to cover a wood pile, so I certainly did not want separate small pieces. They are accommodating, and will cut you exactly what you want, just be very specific when you order. Hope I helped, Richard
It is definitely thick and stiff.
The material I have is 60" wide. This includes the selvages.
It won't keep you dry. I bought this to make a custom cover for an umbrella. It sheds water like a champ but I just put a wet rag on one side and was able to press water through it. Not a lot, but if you're lying on the wet ground you'll get soaked eventually.
We also sell rings please search on Amazon diyjewelrydepot rings
Some of them might barely be small enough if have to say most likely would not, they are however perfect sized for like a child's charm bracelet
I recieved more than 100 pieces in my order. I ordered 2 packages and together recieved 227 pieces. The quality is that of costume jewlery. I would not wear the jewlery made from it to a fine dining establishment but it is great for the average teen and young adult wanting a cute piece they can make themselves. It great for beginner jewlery makers as well.
No the holes are too small but you could get little metal rings to attach the charms to the bracelet with
I suggest water-proofing the cloak yourself. There are water-proof type soaps you can use when washing something to make it water-proof.
It's use more like the first image and kinda has a bit of shiny in it when exposed to light i think
The fabric is good and light... I would remember it is a costume but I was very happy with the quality!
I too am 5'9 and it's an alright fit... though i recommend if at all possible try to find it in person and get it there. you may spend more money, but atleast you'll know the quality of what you're getting. the one i got online turned out to be least than expected and hoped for.
Thanks for asking, the cloak is manufactured and shipped from China. Please feel free to ask if any other questions. Happy Workers' Day!
It's a patch
The one we received is all we expected, but IT IS *NOT* EMBROIDERED. It looks like a cheap iron-on or possibly screen printed directly onto the fabric.
There are no instructions on the cape itself. Looks like it can be washed and dried with no wrinkles. It looks like a good poly blend. My son loves his. It is very resistant to liquid or other staining. Rolls right off. Hope this helps.
It would ^^ it's quite universal actually. I'm the same height but I'm not very broad so it fits a little loose but while wearing the jacket over it really takes out some baggy-ness in the cape
No. It is fairly thin and for entertainment purposed only.
Alright, people, this is how you know whether these feet will fit your exact model of sewing machine: 1. If your machine has a short shank, then yes. See the description of the product where it says it is for short shank machines. 2. If your machine has a long shank or a slant shank, then they won't fit. How do you know what kind of shank your machine has? 1. Look it up on one of these nifty charts: https://www.anniescatalog.com/pages/shank_chart1.html or https://www.anniescatalog.com/pages/shank_chart2.html . 2. If your machine isn't on those lists, like the Singer Promise 1408 in the question, then measure your machine manually. Here is a guide on how to measure your machine: http://imagehost.vendio.com/c/10003275/view/1085137796347_feet_info.jpg . Now, should any of these links go dead, just Google "sewing shank chart" or "sewing shank measurement" like a competent internet user, instead of endlessly pestering other buyers to figure it out for you.
If your Juki machine is a 'low shaft' these are generic sewing feet and should fit fine. I had the same type of question when I ordered them for my Brother machine. They are a great set and should serve you well. I think 'high shaft' machines are professional machines, not usually used in home environment. Good luck.
I am not sure on this model. I tried to look it up for you but could not find a response. I would recommed contacting brother
If you are new at this craft, you should go with the 15 piece set. Be prepared to look on amazon to find the videos on how to use these feet. They don't come with instructions
It looks as though the Janome Magnolia 7318 has a "short shaft". If this is tha case, the Embroidex set should work fine.
If that machine has a short shank, which I believe it does, the feet and attachments should work nicely.
A case, but not instructions, only a brief discription.
I'm not sure about the specific machine you have but I have a singer 2662 and it works for my machine.
It is narrow. It is about 1/8".
The adaptor alows me to use these on my 1967 Elna Super
Two different machines with different purposes. The SNC is really made to be used independent from the computer where the Silhouette is not. The silhouette works with more complex software that offers greater control in what is being cut and how it is being cut etc, the SNC software is very basically and mainly used for converting SVG files to FCM. The SNC has a greater cutting force than the Silhouette Cameo, so therefore cuts a wider range of materials. I've used it with the thinnest of vellum all the way to burlap and fairly thick chipboard...my cameo cannot cut thick materials well at all. What I love my SNC for the most is doing print and cuts - no registration mark detection step like with the cameo - so it is quicker, and for cutting out stamped images. I also love that I don't need my computer to use it. I just keep it out on my craft desk and use it easily without worrying about having to stop using my laptop to cut something.
Yes, just adjust the deep the blade on a 5 on the blade housing. do test cut. so it just cuts top layer of vinyl not thru backing sheet.
The stickiness last for awhile. But to continue using the mat I put little strips of tape on my object to hold it in place.
I have cut out several cotton fabric appliques with Steam a Seam Lite backing. It works great. The iron on adhesive that comes with the machine seems very heavy but I have not tried it. As a quilter you might be interested to hear that it can also cut quilting stencils.
It's pretty easy to use with fabrics. The main thing is getting it adhered well to the cutting sheet and adjusting the pressure of the cutting blade. They have a extra sticky backing which I bought, but I find the regular adhesive sheet that came with it works well. The extra sticky sheet was too sticky and distorted my light weight fabrics when I tried to pull them off. I use light cottons for appliqu work and it works well cutting easily and accurately. There are good guidelines in the instructions for cutting different items such as different weights of paper and fabrics. Expensive product but I use it often and would definitely buy it again. HTH, Di
Same machine but the blue version comes with a bonus pack that includes more built in images, an extra mat, pens and pen holder etc.
I used this machine to cut silk screen stencils on Ulano green material. Works great. Settings for both pressure and blade depth are pretty near minimum. The only problem is importing images with fine detail. It will detect major objects, and some of the smaller things. However, it does tend to miss small objects. For example, i was cutting a screen with several small windows. It only picked up one of the six windows, which were only about 2 x 4 mm each. I see no reason why the ScanNCut could not be used to cut traditional stencils for spray painting. Simply set the cut and pressure higher. I was really impressed with how well cuts met at corners, as for example, in drawing a box. There was no overshoot on the cuts and the corners were clean.
The difference is in the accessories and the number of patterns that come with it. Except for the color, there isn't any difference that I can see between the machines themselves.
I have found that sometimes my SNC has trouble recognizing all of the images being scanned too. When this happens I cut the images it does recognize and then re-scan and cut the others it missed. Here is a YouTube video I found that helped me get around this the best I could. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_4dzcVWJjM There are some great YouTube videos that may be helpful and/or give you some other ideas on how to get around this issue. Like this one I just found and think will be very helpful! :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDRIb1ssGqw
I havn't tried to cut stencil material but according to the manual heavy weight fabric 1mm thick like felt will cut with a deep cut blade with a blade setting of five. So, by comparision I would not think the thickness of the stencil material would be as heavy as felt but I think you'll need a deep cut blade. Hope this helps. Sandi
Height 5 inches, width 21 inches, depth 6 1/2 inches
I have a silhouette but I don't have the cricut explore. But from what I understand the biggest difference is that you have to have internet access while operating the explore. With the cameo, you have the option to upload a design from an SD card and you don't need internet access to operate it.
It depends on what you want to do with the Cameo. I bought it primarily to cut fabric for applique so I bought the fabric kit bundle because it included both size mats and the fabric blade. It comes with a regular blade so if I want to cut something other than fabric (like vinyl) I can use the standard blade to cut with.
Yes, it can. I still prefer it when using other companies' thin dies.
The machines are similar in that they use the same dies and embossing folders. What is different is that the Cuttlebug folds up for storage and transport to crops and the big shot does not. If you have room for a larger machine the big shot might be a good option, otherwise the Cuttlebug may suit you better. The Cuttlebug tends to be less expensive, watch for sales on either once you determine which one you want. It's about your preference, and what you can afford.
Sizzix, cuttlebug, spellbinder, and any dies 1\8 inch or flatter. you will love this machine, it,s so easy to use. inthe flower shop where I worked, they got a cricut to make signs and alphabet. a cricut is a lot m
Yes, the embossing folders should work just fine with the Cuttlebug. I use other brands of embossing folders in my machine. As long as they will fit the opening and are not too thick there should not be a problem. All of the embossing folders I have used are plastic if form and there have been no issues. The Cuttlebugs are very durable. Start crafting and enjoy the journey.
I think they are the same it is just where you have seen the price, and is who is selling it- set there own price . I saw the same & went with the cheaper one-goodluck. and I would also say the same as below.
Mine didn't come with a "C" plate either. I bought one. It would be used in place one of the "B" plates when you use the thin metal dies. Some online videos are helpful in showing how to use them.
The Cuttlebug is so easy to use. Open the side flaps at the same time and it grips your surface. I would suggest you cover a wood table top with a cloth, so it doesn't make any marks. I use a towel or table cloth. I love the different folders and can make a variety of greeting card designs. Great tool
Yes... Does the same thing. It is sturdy.. Has a strong handle..
No, this does not print. It pushes an image into the paper by pressing down on the paper. You need sheets with the images you want to put into the paper. And they are purchased separately. Generally flowers, borders, etc for scrap booking and card making.
I don't think it works with Sizzix Bigz dies...but I have used it with Sizzlets dies. Some of the Sizzlet dies may also require the use of a shim, or two, to completely cut.
I did many time on 50/50 and 100% cotton at 310F. On the 100% cotton, I had no any problems and the quality was good. But on 50/50, the color of T-shirts (especially red T-shirts) had been changed some times (not every times). Thus, I did not try any other colors on 50/50.
Bubblegum is a pink, and hibiscus is a pinkish red, it is in the violet colortones.lookup Sherwin Williams Panton 6851
Dear Customer, Thanks for contacting us. After placing the order send us and email with the colors or color. Thanks GSM Florida Group, Corp Alex
Dear Customer, Thanks for contacting us. The price for 4 yards will be $ 30.00 plus shipping. The total order should be $ 34.99. Feel free to process your order and as soon you place the order send us an email with your color or colors. Thanks GSM Florida Group, Corp
Some people do but I have heard some say they have good results and some not. It calls for a heat press.
don't know about using an iron I use a heat press machine and it works great.
Hi Rachel, Thanks for contacting us. We are sending you some tips for you to review. I also recommend you to watch videos on www.siserna.com. They are amazing and very easy to understand. Here are some tips: As long as you avoid these Top 10 common mistakes when using transfer paper, you shouldn't go far wrong: 1. Don't print on the wrong side of the paper. This is a common mistake which is easily avoided. Simply take time to set the paper up correctly in your printer tray to print on the correct side. 2. Don't forget to print on mirror mode. This is only relevant when printing on light colours. When printing for a light background, you must remember to switch your printer to mirror mode otherwise your image will appear the wrong way round. 3. Don't forget to cut around the image carefully. If you don't cut round your image carefully enough, you'll end up with too much fabric transfer paper left which will reduce the impact of your design. 4. Don't iron on a surface which isn't flat. You must iron your fabric transfer paper on a completely flat surface, otherwise the image will not be sufficiently attached to the fabric. 5. Don't be frightened to get the iron really hot. It is essential that your iron is set at and has reached its maximum temperature before you iron the transfer. Also it's important that if you use a steam iron, the steam is switched off. 6. Don't keep the iron still. The problem with irons nowadays is that most irons have indentations on the bottom for steam to pass. If you don't keep the iron moving while you're fixing your transfer, there'll be parts of your image which aren't stuck down. 7. Don't forget to apply enough iron pressure. The whole transfer process relies on pressure to make it work effectively. While moving the iron, you must consciously apply as much pressure as you can in order to get the best effect. 8. Don't leave any part of the image un-ironed. Leaving small parts of the image un-ironed is a common mistake particularly on irregular or large images. You must make sure that every corner of the image has been ironed. 9. Don't forget to fix the image after you've removed the backing paper. There are two ways of doing this, both of which are described in the instructions. You must make sure you choose one or the other. 10. Don't wash your garment before the printing has fully set. The guideline for fabric transfer paper is not to wash it before it has been allowed to set for 24 hours. Again a common mistake is washing the garment too soon after printing. GSM Florida Group
It's a light gloss
I've bought several and they aren't glossy :)
You choose what colors you want at 1 yard each or up to 4 yards of the same color.
It is 12" x 16" x 3 1/2 inches inside. Plenty of room for lots of paints, brushes, pencils, sketching pad and even a canvas board. I love mine and could not believe how much it holds. It has really gotten a lot of use since I received it and I would recommend this to anyone who likes to to bring along their supplies "just in case".
The easel as you can see is also a case. The top opens to a 90 degree angle and yes, kt can be adjusted to narrower angles to go back, with buttervly washers found on the inside of the case. From the picture it shows a paint pallet, there was none. Hope I helped
I don't have the exact weight, but it's probably 3 to 4 pounds, maybe, not much. Yes it has a handle.
Hi Naturegirl. In the description it says Beechwood. Hope that helps =)
Yes
The wood has a clear coating and is easily wiped clean.
I would attach the paper with the blue tape that you find at a hardware store. Regular masking take doesn't work, it sticks to the paper. You could detach the screw if it's on the way. I hope this was helpful!
It is heavy enough to stay put but you could put a piece of grippy material(for under rugs) under it if you are concerned. Was a nice quality product. Worth the money.
Yes, u can, also a lot of other things, u can even put charcoal in it. I put charcoal, paints, paint brushes & other art media. There is plenty of room for it.
Yes you can adjust it to different levels.
Yes, you do need a computer and internet connection. Out of the box, you can only use the craft room, however I believe there is after market software you can buy to cut different images. I do not think it will work with an iPad. I love my mini!
Yes, it does include the machine.
YES----this does have a power source.
I could not force the rivets through the cardboard on their own, but I was using 2-3 layers of cardboard. Instead, I used a large nail or even just a screwdriver.
I don't know what to recommend. They have a 1/2 inch plastic head with a shaft that is fairly short. The two shafts fit together to clamp the cardboard. They can be taken apart and reused but would be hard for a smaller child to do. I guess pass the age of putting things in their mouth and being able to understand, "do not eat these"! This is a great product for craft construction.
100
They might. It's worth a try. Sorry that I can't say yes or no, but I'm not familiar with wardrobe boxes.
Yes! Easily to take out and reuse. Instructions included make clear the way to do so.
Not unless that would be some dang thick card stock.
The head of the rivet is 3/4" wide. You will receive 100 rivets able to connect 1/2" thickness of cardboard and 100 rivets that connect 3/8" thickness of cardboard.
Yes. it will feed any length die and the thick dies also work with a variety of plates and shims. HTH
Yes - it has a A, B, C, D plate, as well as the magnetic sheet (which is great!). If I had one piece of advice, it would be to get an additional A plate, just depending on how much cutting you're doing (I've done quite a bit, but I'm still using the original A plate).
Hello, This Ebosser does not have a blade, it either embosses or cuts with a Die Cutter. This item is $257.74 with free shipping. Thank you, Customer Service
No you don't have to buy an embossing mat but there is no handle if the power goes out.
I think about 10 pounds or so.
Sorry I can't answer that as I haven't used my one yet as I have been away abroad for the last few months.
It all depends on which one you buy. With the Collins e-bossed you get folders plus all plates and shim. Others you only get your plates.
That would really depend on when and where the Ebosser was purchased. When I purchased mine there were none. If you beget from HSN you can get some. And maybe even Amazon
No difference that i can tell
I have never used it to cut fabric. it cuts heavy cardstock and chipboard, so I would assume with the proper dies, it would and could easily cut fabric.
This machine caused me nothing but problems. I sent it back after working with singer over the phone for several hours and no resolution could be found. I am an experienced sewer and never could get this machine to work. My best advice to you is to go to a Husquvarna Viking dealer and look at the Emerald 116 or 118. They run between $300 and $400. They don't have the number of stitches this singer has, but the quality and ease of use you are looking for are there in spades! This machine will last forever if it is maintained with yearly cleanings and use of good thread. It is simple and to the point. You can also use it as a trade up towards the next step up in the line when you are ready for another Husquvarna! They are priceless and worth their weight in gold as far as I am concerned. Singer's are all made with plastic gears while Husquvarnas are still all metal. Hope this helps.
I wouldn't hesitate to make a queen sized quilt on it. You do need to jelly roll what you've quilted in order to maneuver, just as with any other sewing machine. But it has a really big bed to rest the material on while you work, which I really, really like.
With the needle in center position, the distance from the needle to the machine (toward the right) is 6".
You can do 1/4 inch seams without a special foot!
I've used it on fake suede fabric and home decor fabrics. It sews through seams of these fabrics well. As far as leather or heavy Cordura, I am a bit skeptical if it would be used often. It is a far better machine than the past machines I have had but still not a professional machine. Hope that helps.
It is the general Singer Sew DVD. It is a wonderful DVD that shows examples of different sewing techniques, stitches, etc. However, it does not talks about the One Plus machine itself. :( Yet I did enjoy the DVD. The manual will be your best friend. Read it well!
Yes
I am 40 and have been wearing glasses since 22...lol It's a blue light that does not hurt your eyes. But of course you will need a bright room to sew properly. But I think this light works goog.
It's Super easy to sew on buttons, this machine also has automatic button hole function which is amazing
I would not trust it to sew leather. I sent my machine like this back. It kept dropping stitches. Singers are made with plastic gears. I would instead look at a Husqvarna Viking. If you are looking for a basic model, go with a 118. THey run about $400. If you want a basic computerized, go with an Opal 650 that goes for about $750-$850. All of their machines can sew through 7 layers of fabric and have great warranties. I love mine and will never own anything but a Huskie again. They are all metal gears by the way. Hope this helps! Sue PS: Buy it from an authorized dealer not on line or from any old shop. The service is much better and your warranty will be good.
Yes they've got the standard oil colors and rest are colors you would normally mix together to get pink or purple. They come in this set. I don't know if you already know this but these are not your standard oil colors these are water mixable oil colors.
We only ship within the US. Bill Wright Treyco
Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize that we do not ship outside of the US at this time. I regret any inconvenience.
We usually ship out within 1 to 2 business days. The majority of our orders have been taking only 1 business day to ship out.
titanium white, lemon yellow, medium yellow, deep yellow, orange, flesh tint, brilliant red, crimson, magenta, rose madder, violet, cerulean blue hue, colbalt blue hue, phthalo blue, ultramarine, permanent green light, sap green, viridian hue, yellow ochre, burnt sienna, raw umber, burnt umber, payne's grey, and ivory black. Hope this helps you. I got my daughter a set, and she loves them.
No they are a nice size
I don't know exactly, but a little goes a long way
Yeah you can mix it with regular white paint I customize shoes and mix it with white all the time to give the shoes a temp coloring changing effect
I'm not sure if it would work, I mixed it with a nail polish base and it didn't hold for a week. The pigment became clear and no longer was thermal. Depending on the base you mix it with, it might work for awhile but all thermal pigment will break down eventually if you mix with a base. This lasted the shortest out of all the thermal pigments I have used. Hope this helps
This is not paint. It is pigment that you mix with a clear paint like "clear polycrylic". I tested the pigment mixed with minwax water based polycrylic protective finish 'clear satin' on wood, acrylic plastic, glossy photo paper, metal and a smooth pebble but I did not test on glass. If the clear paint you mix the pigment with works on glass then yes it will work on glass. The minwax that I used was meant to protect wood finishes but worked great on acrylic plastic and the other materials I tested on.
Probably not. It's a pigment, not a dye (not being sarcastic). Look up the difference on Wikipedia--I don't remember offhand.
We tried this to make color changing paint for a science project, and the results weren't really sensitive enough for subtle temperature changes.
It dose not work very well. I've tried mixing several different ratios and they all had displeasing results.
it may be all rite depending on the heat type ? is it flame heat or element heat! also what are you using for a top coat like a clear coat?
Not sure why you would want to polish the edge of an ax. It works best on fine edges like kitchen knives. &lt;25 degree angles edges. The compound that come with it could be used for any kind of finishing polish but the strop itself is only about 3"x12". I use it on my shun 6" chefs knife and it gets the job done but I still wish the strop was larger. For the price you can't beat it. To answer you question on can you "sharpen" the answer is no. It is for polishing the edge to remove the microscopic burr and make blades razor sharp. If you want to "sharpen" a wider angle edge like an ax I would suggest about a 500-1000 grit stone or higher but the higher you go the longer it takes to take out large nicks in the edge.
Try some rough sandpaper, it will breakup the surface and remove the buildup. Caution: don't overdo, it does remove material.
I would say yes. Small plane blade would be narrow enough to be run long ways across the strop
hi--mine is 8x2x1". i like mine very much. bp
Check this out, there is no better guide. Go to page 7 if you are in a hurry, but you could benefit from reading it all. Here: http://www.arbortechusa.com/upload/pages/pchsupport/how-to-sharpen-a-power-chisel.pdf BUT, I've heard that different polish/honing compound makers use different colors. I've heard this only from long time users (older men) who may be remembering a time before standardization OR be using a small scale/specialist compound makers products.
This backing is designed for stable materials. Wovens, denims, linens, and broadcloth are examples.
I have used it to monogram several towels with no problems.
No there is no backing on the sheets. You align it between the hoop and the underside of the material and when you are finished embroidering you pull the sheet away from the back of the design. You would need something else to transfer your design to the material. You can buy transfer sheets that will do that. Hope this helps.
I have made several garden flags, used medium clean tear away on back, same needles as for any embroidery and that was it. I do spray starch the burlap first and after then sprayed with scotch guard for protection outdoors. It worked great.
Hi, don't worry asking questions is how you learn. You simply use an embroidery hoop. These tear away sheets fit 4" x 4" hoops nicely and will hold your project in place.
Hi Amanda, These subsmersible light is multicolor, means every single unit is multicolor. It will change the color by it self. Thank you
Yes, we have that you need.
yes, you can and they are beautiful. the are submersible and work really well in cold water
If the paper bag is white, then yes. If the bag is the brown sandwich bag type then no.
Not without modifying the circuit. They have an on/off switch only.
Yes they do! Used them for an event and they were awesome and they lasted all night.
Hello, Unfortunately, when buying from a seller, shipping fees are fixed according to the type of product you purchase. Purchasing multiple items from a seller results in multiple shipping charges--there are no "per shipment" and "per item" charges, as there is when you buy items fulfilled by Amazon.com. If you'd like to view the seller's Shipping Rates and Policies, you can do so on their Storefront Page. I've included the link for your convenience:
You get one random.
I also only received one
no
Yes, these are six ply similar to DMC floss. It has the same colors and color# as DMC.
It seems to be. My daughter spilled a whole glass of water on some, and it didn't fade or dye the paper towels when I cleaned it up.
the floss says France.
Yes , Absolutely!!!&#128515;
those are NOT DMC threads, but the colors are similar.
I bought a 1000 pack of plastic bobbins on Amazon. I labeled them all and put them in order in 5 bobbin boxes that I got from my Local michaels.
I don't know the gage, but it is exactly like the DNC floss you get at Joanne's
I've been doing counted cross stitch for 40 years and this is the first time I've used any floss other than DMC ... I honestly can't feel or see any difference in this floss. The colors seem true also.
They have DMC numbers on these, but this is not DMC thread, you can't really tell the difference. Good quality!!!
Yes you can.
Size of shoes vary based on each shoe brand but the foot does measure at aprox 8" inches long.
Yes
Its is an average size 2-4 but you should still base it off the exact measurements on the amazon listing for exact sizing.
Its is an average size 2-4 but you should still base it off the exact measurements on the amazon listing for exact sizing.
No they are not separated on this model.
Yes that is correct the fiberglass are more sturdy and realistic looking, the plastic models are more durable and unbreakable and a cheaper alternative to the fiberglass models.
I don't know her weight, but she's light, the glass base weighs more
Yes but the plastic "skin" reflects light enough that it will be hard to make her look real in a photo. Then again that could be good practice for lighting control.
It is shipped in a large box that is marked with the model number and manufacturer name on it.
Yes, the torso stands on its own. That can be pretty handy when you're changing clothes to just set it aside or it could be displayed on its own.
I would say it is in between matte and glossy. More of a "Luster", similar to photographic luster paper. There is a sheen to it, but, I don't consider it "glossy". There is also enough sheen for not to be "matte".
The Foot measures at about 9 inches.
Did not get any buckles..only regular parachute cord.....
It is called an electric cable clamp. Comes in many sizes - 1/4", 3/8", 1/2", 3/4", etc... From the big boxes in the electrical section.
1 wooden loom with measurements on it.Convenient to take with you.Not to bulky! I like it
No it does not you need to buy is separately, I recommend buying the needles to they are very easy to use and they help a lot
About 4"
10" from clip to clip
no havent found a fav seller yet but if there had not been a lot of duplicates in this i would had ordered again
Truthfully, I did not use many of these in my bracelets, they are designed as "hanging" rather than "inline" objects. I have not noticed any tarnishing on the pieces that remain and no one has complained about the ones that were used in the accessories I used them in!
Hi friend, Thank you for your inquiry. Sorry, this can not be sold because it is matching, which is provided. Thanks for your love&Welcome to our shop again. Best wishes, ETSYG
Depending on the piece they are from a quarter inch to a half inch. Hope it helps their good for bracelets according to my wife.
Hello, Nice day If you buy the order, please contact with us, I will check the charms for you before my colleague send the package to you. I don't know why the 2 customers get half same thing, that is very strange, we did have 50 kinds of charms, maybe the factory makes a mistake, maybe my colleague makes a mistake. Sorry for that Greeting ETSYG
The manual is located on the manufacterer's website - http://www.singerco.com/accessories/instruction-manuals/search?man_model_no=9985
I cannot remember....I am sure you can go online with Singer and see...or YouTube. I bought the more expensive model because it did have, I think, more stitch designs, it also cuts thread and I felt for a little extra money, I would go with the best, as it might be my last machine. I test drove the Bernina, Viking, Baby Lock.....I hate my Janome, which is why I was trying to find a better machine overall....I felt the Bernina is a rip-off...women ooh and ah over it to beat the band, but honestly....for the thousands of dollars and the fact that feet are $50.00 each and more...it is an advertising schmooze. Getting women to believe the Bernina is the best is just that...a schmooze! Viking and Singer are now made at the same manufacturing plant....Brother and Baby Lock are made by the same company, also. I have a stand alone embroidery machine by Janome...and I have a Babylock Serger (it's awesome)....and of all the machines I own..,.if I have a project....I go immediately to my Singer Quantum Stylist....it has the strength and the power and all the stitch designs I will ever need...it is much easier to program than the Brother...easier to thread than the Brother...is quieter than the Brother and when it cuts the thread it is MUCH quieter than the Brother and I cannot imagine a project other than sewing awning canvas that it can't do. If you are going to sew awning canvas, then get a mechanical machine...don't be fooled by the word COMMERCIAL....get a TRUE hardcore mechanical machine that doesn't do anything but sew straight stitches
I think so... if you sew a lot... it was to me and I love mine.. had it 8 months I wish it had the extension table and I purchased extra feet for (approx. 40.00 )and some extra...the Bigger screen , easier read stitches I went to see screen at walmart of 9970 first ...
Its actually both it has a plastic coat over the metal lever. If your wondering about its durability its a very well put together machine... It runs smoothly and sews very quietly
This is a sew only machine. No embroidery, however it does have the drop feed option allowing you the capability of free motion quilting and embroidery, thread painting, and darning. Hope this answer is helpful.
The letters are choppy and hard to see unless you use some seriously contrasting thread, and no, you cannot change the size of the letters. I am so glad that was not a factor for me buying this machine!! Everything else is okay.
This machine is not for this purpose. I can recommend a "stand-alone" machine. It is Janome E for embroidery. It is the best stand-alone out there and it will do a lot of what you want to do. One of the reasons I like and insist on a stand-alone, is I can sew on my machine and have my Embroidery machine do an entirely different project - at the same time. If you get a sewing and embroidery combo....it ties you up doing one project at a time. I HIGHLY recommend that you get a separate machine just for embroidery.
Yes it does.
Not that large. The only thing I don't like about it is the tight work area. It takes getting used to and If I did a lot of quilting I would not be happy. Otherwise it's great!
I have the 9960 and there is no knee lift but it comes with an extension table.
This was my favorite. I think they may be about 4mm, but are different sizes and shapes, none being round. These beads chips are nicely rounded ,and have beautiful natural color. I also wrap it several times around and use as a bracelet.
probably. these beads are held together by strings. just my opinion
from Lithuania
It has a bead that looks like a oval Amber that screws on. The necklace is long too; long enough to wrap twice around the neck without having to unscrew the bead. The bead is nice looking and secure.
I offer many products. Also I don't understand why you don't see other products.
No fastener, just one nice long string of amber. And when they say "raw amber" they mean it, the 'stones' aren't smooth like beads, but they're not irritating or itchy.
It's just over 47 inches. When I double up the strain it almost reaches my mid sternum.
A tear away stabilizer does not stick. You hoop it with your fabric or you can pin your fabric to it.
The roll is 20" wide and there are 50 yards per roll.
We have just added Fuse 'N Tear fusible (iron on) tearaway to our Amazon offerings.
Hi Sam, This is not an iron on product and is used as an embroidery backing that tears cleanly after an item has been embroidered. It has a paper feel and is 1.8 oz. You may want to try a cutaway backing which has a much softer feel or a soft tearaway not firm.
I just heated up my iron and gave it a try just to be sure before answering... No, this is not an iron on product. Also I would say it is a bit heavier than medium and somewhat paper like. I use it for machine embroidery in the hoop. Hope that helps.
Hi Melea, The tearaway will work great with your Babylock machine. It is designed for light to medium stitch densities on stable to semi-stable fabrics.
Works best with pre-folded tape. Using the side screw, adjust the opening to the width of your tape. Feed the tape end in from the side closest to you. The main fold goes to the right, the edges or (smaller folds on double fold tape) go to the left in the top and bottom brackets. The material you're edging goes in the middle through the gap on the left. Seems to work best if you feed a couple inches of bias tape through and stitch without any material to start, then add the material and continue. Takes some practice to feed everything and stitch at the same time and keep it even. I wanted to use it mainly for quilted fabric, but that was too thick to feed properly. I went back to old school stitching one side along the small fold, folding over fabric edge and stitching through all. But then, I learned in the dark ages, even before zigzag! As another said, YouTube is your friend for this sort of thing.
No too thick. Just 2 maybe 4 depending on fabric weight. But no batting. Hope that helps
The max is 20mm, which is about 3/4".
If it has the snap on feet it should work, but check with your booklet or brother.
Fits All Low Shank Snap-On Singer* (Some Singers Require Low Shank Adaptor), Brother, Babylock, Euro-Pro, Janome, Kenmore, White, Juki, New Home, Simplicity, Necchi and Elna Sewing Machines This link is chinese video. you can try to search on youtube http://v.youku.com/v_show/id_XMTY2MTAyMDg0.html
I don't know. It works on low shank snap on feet models which what I have
Sorry. I am no help to you.
I have a Singer Quantum XL-1 and a Janome ,both are low shank , the foot fits both machines .
No
most likely it fits my brother
We have been extremely frustrated with Amazon's opaque rules about international shipping. We have been furiously working to find a stopgap. But in the short term, options are limited, like using a "forwarding service." Longer term (after the holidays), we will likely work on a totally revamped ordering system, possibly from our own site, which will truly be global. So please forgive the inconvenience; a little more patience and you can order one soon.
The size of the image depends on the distance between the Neo-Lucida and the drawing surface; the further the paper from the lens, the larger the image will be. In practical terms, this is limited by the distance you can reach while looking through the viewer. Since that varies with the length of the user's arm, It's difficult to give a more exact answer.
Probably because it is tilted too far forward (In other words, the prism is tilted too far forward). Try adjusting the black prism rotator thing while peering from above, and keep adjusting it until the image appears straight. It takes some getting used to, but once you find your groove it will come easier.
Authentic camera lucidas (like the NeoLucida) are known for producing fairly small portraits, such as would fit on the page of a sketchbook. That said, if you want to produce a larger image, then (1) move closer to your portrait subject, and (2) extend the eyepiece further away from your drawing surface. The distance between your eye and your pencil-point is the main limit on the size of your drawings. Interestingly, a larger prism wouldn't help -- it just increases the likelihood of errors in your drawing. In fact, the NeoLucida is truly ideal for producing miniatures. Great masters like Jean-Auguste Dominique Ingres used this small size to great effect. In his book "Secret Knowledge", David Hockney expresses his astonishment at the unnaturally small size of Ingres' portraits, which seemed almost magical as a result -- as if they were drawn by elves.
I bought two of them about a year ago and I still have one in the box. It works but isn't easy to use. We had half a dozen people try it out and no one had good results. The very best were just okay. Save your money or buy an antique camera lucida on eBay.
It's good for small still life's ,small portraits, but that's it. I self portrait would be tricky.
Optically speaking, yes. It does work. But historically this wasn't done because of the difficulty associated. First, you are seeing a ghost of your hand, which makes it confusing to draw. Second, you have to look perfectly straight ahead, and not deviate from a perfect horizontal view, which is way more awkward for your neck. But that's my experience; maybe it's better for you!
The NeoLucida really shines when you're tracing real people and real objects in the real (3D) world, because it solves the problems of perspective and foreshortening that make drawing from life so challenging. That said -- YES, you can use the NeoLucida to draw from photographs. You'll need to prop up the photograph vertically, at the same level as the NeoLucida eyepiece.
It will be available at 11:59pm EST tonight. So in about 4 hours.
I would really! Like to order one of these! When will they be available again?
My grand baby and I make soap with them, so I really can't answer your question but I think unless you spilled paint on you I think they would be fine, and a painting project sounds like big fun!!
I'm not sure about embroidery, they are a little thin and stiff. I heat ironed on little decals, using a towel to keep the heart from melting the apron.
They are a super thin funky fabric. Like the little tote bags. I'd say really low temp maybe. Instead I'd use puffy paint if you're customizing.
Yes, I got 2 of each colors and the kids enjoyed them!! Thank You!!
My daughter will be 3 in August and they for her great. She's in the 60% for height to give you an idea of height. They extend from upper chest to mid-calf and tie very nicely. Def lots of room there.
Same material as the reusable/recyclable grocery bags.
The Goats Milk was used to make the Glycerin. The Glycerin was used to make the soap - if this was not melt and pour soap, and regular hand crafted soap, it would have had goats milk in the ingredients. Glycerin is a by product of saponification the process of changing oils and Lye into Soap.
With this stuff it's fairly easy. Any melt and pour soap base can be heated in the microwave (only heat it a few seconds at a time until you know how your microwave will respond to it) or on the stove in a double boiler (or heat-safe glass container suspended in boiling water). I have my own Pyrex measuring cup dedicated to melting down soap and wax. That way you don't accidentally use it for cooking and you can keep track of how much you have in the cup easily. After that, find a silicone mold you like and you're off and running. I usually fill my new molds with water and then pour that water into my measuring cup so I know how many milliliters of soap I need to fill the mold, then write that on the side of the mold. When I want to make soap with that mold I see how much soap base i need, then slowly melt that much in the microwave. For mine, I found 30 second intervals work best. Between heatings I usually stir the melted soap to check for lumps. Once it is lump free you can add sent and colors as you want but I just pour it into the mold and allow it to cool. This usually takes a few hour.
About 5 to 6 normal soap size bars.
A friend who decided to keep her soap as a decoration (we did flower shapes) has had it for 2 months now and it looks perfect. Being soap, bacteria growth shouldn't be a concern.
Depends on what you mean by "regular" a standard bar of soap you buy at the store is about 3.5 oz or so. 2lb of soap is 24oz so roughly 6 bars of soap. Melt and pour doesn't need to have anything else added to it, so right out of the bag you can melt this down and pour it into a mold.
No temperature needed, until soap is melted.
I am not familiar enough with cocoa butter to comfortably comment on the similarity to it, but this soap has a satisfying, rich lather. It's about as much as you would expect from standard soap, but a bit silkier and richer from the goats milk.
Yes but you can let it set up for 5 to 10 min and layer it
Goat milk base from my understanding is a softer base and glycerin draws in moisture. With these two ingredients as a combo perhaps that is why. I have also heard that M&P bases are softer than cold process bars.
Not sure I understand your question entirely, but the glycerin is a separate ingredient that's added to the goat's milk soap base. It's not explicitly stated if the goat's milk is organic, therefore I'd assume not.
For the price it is the best . I did lots and lots of research before I bought. No problems with bobbin tension for the mist part. Stitches even . Goes thur layers of jean material. Now it's not as smooth as the high end but for what I need it for it's great . For 200 bucks beats the 400 buck baby lock
Sorry but I cannot compare this machine to the XR9500PRW. I do like this machine very much (so far). Sews thru multi layers of denim! Very user friendly. I've only used it a few times so far but I am pleased with my purchase.
Yes it does. Pages 44/45 of manual gives instructions for adjusting for thick seams. There's a presser foot locking pin that can be adjusted for this. Haven't tried that yet. Love this machine, I actually have two, one at each daughter's house. Manual is complete, clear and customer service if you need to ask a question is available forever. Take a look at http:solutions.brother.com.
No it does not have a cover or case.
This machine uses Brother SA156 plastic bobbins. They are like Janome 102261103 plastic bobbins, and not like the generic Class 15 bobbin which is a bit too short and will cause machine clatter if you use them in these machines made for the slightly higher bobbin.
The machine does not have a button for mirror image stitches.
It has small blades at the bobbin case and at the bobbin winder shaft to cut the thread the proper length. Of course you have to watch to make sure it goes like it should. I wouldn't call this an auto but close I think they call it a built-in thread cutter for you to use. It probably would cut the thread off anyway because the thread is at the location. I use it so I don't know.
The voltage is 120 but have no clue on the watts. I can't seem to find it on the machine plate. Sorry.
It tells you on the screen what foot is best to use with that stitch, but I have ignored that in the past. I doesn't know what foot is on the machine, so it can't stop you from sewing. I don't know if you damaged your machine (somehow) while using the wrong foot would mean that your warranty would be invalidated, though.
Try going to the Brother website. You should be able to find those items there, if they are sold separately.
yes I think so
Yes, I paid by the yard.
When I ordered mine, it came as whole piece in the length/yardage that I ordered. This is customary when purchasing fabric.
It will come in one piece up to 20 yards.
I think you have to order by the yard. If you can and do order certain measurements, I would recommend ordering a little extra anyway. I ordered 2 yards and had to trim the ends because it was cut pretty unevenly. I am very happy with the material though.
Yes. No problem
Sorry. But Only by yard. 1 o 2
No, this is just the quilt top.
No backing or binding which was problematic for me. Hard to match binding
Black, The quilt is Red, white with black floral, charcoal, and then black.
The c clips are included and orange is included. It replaces the dark blue in the picture. My children love these bands!
I can't speak for all sellers, but the ones sold by us at BCDE Store are individually packaged and come with the extra bonuses mentioned in the listing.
They are real
About 2mm, I doubled it to thread hematite and it was very strong.
its very thin, I used it on a model airplane to imitate the rigging. The consistancy is just like a rubber band, its not round but rectangular, but again very small, and very stretchable
I have not used it for tie dying but I would try it on a peace that was not important to see how it would do. It it really sturdy but I do not do tie dying either?? Vickie
Yes, and it's soft enough that if you have to you can double it up
Yes the marker does come with the sights, front grip and barrel but all items will need to be installed. Installation on the items are very easy.
It has A-5 threads on the barrel.
I believe 8 inch? It's A5 threaded.
There's really not a lot , it has a weaver rail , so you can have a red dot sight like I do and get a stock for sure , and I recommend changing the muzzle on it but overall its a good gun
Really any hopper from a sporting goods store. The cheap view loaders work, they're what I prefer. You can spend $70-$90 on an electric feed if you really want.
No. But they're like $3 if you want to buy one.
The gun it's self is light with a tank on its not bad At all for the price it's a nice gun
Its both some metal and some plastic...more plastic than metal tho...its lightweight with a good rubber handle for grip..try it..can't go wrong with Tippman
Only the Alpha black
So sorry. We can't find the answer in the instruction book.
Brown glitter is not in this pack.
Yes
2 silver, brown no tan but there's gold which is pretty close
I think it was around 12. I can always check when I get home, if you need the correct amount.
I purchased this set and did receive a silver sheet. As of now, everything I have used the vinyl on has remained permanent. I was pleased.
I don't see why not, I had an easier time using my machine to get clean lines but I'm sure u can use it with just scissors
Yes
No
Hi Dana, There are 8 sheets in this collection; there is just one of each color. Hope this helps!
Hi, thanks for your question. Unfortunately there is no larger width at this point in time. You may have noticed other brands also are the same width as our product, however vary in length only. The reason being is that it is driven by the capability of the machines that manufacture the product, combined with the demand primarily being for a narrower width. We will certainly take your feedback and discuss with our Product Development team to determine if there is an opportunity in the future for launching a larger width product. Have a good day. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
I have the roll of chalkboard paper, and after I used it on my wood island, I wiped it off and put it on a tall cupboard . It's been there for weeks, and the adhesive is not showing any sign of lifting at all. To make it flat I use a rubber scraper from Pampered Chef - just happen to have that in a drawer and it was perfect for the job. Something to push out the air bubbles would be great. A fridge is actually perfect if it's just simple and flat-surfaced. I use regular chalk and it works great. Perfect idea!
Hi, thanks for your patience as we conducted tests on putting our paper through a printer. If cut into small pieces (6" x 4") like a photo size, the paper will feed through a printer, and the ink will apply with no issue. Of course it is dependent on the brand of printer, brand of ink used and the colors selected. We would always recommend using the paper with Chalk This Way markers for the brightest, boldest result and cutting with a pair of sharp scissors ideally to ensure a neat, clean edged cut. We trust this is of assistance. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
Hi Stetson & Megan, Thanks for your excellent question. Normally we would not recommend placing labels on glasses in the dishwasher due to the extreme heat and abrasive nature of the detergents used. That said, it is not something we have tested as you are the first customer with this enquiry. I have asked our Quality Control team to investigate and run a dishwasher test. I expect to have the results of that investigation in a few days and will update this reply once have received the results. Thanks for your patience. Regards, Paul Davidson Chalk This Way
I used magic eraser.... Did a test before completely cleaning, and seems to be okay. I have some slight shadowing left over, but not nearly as bad as just water and a paper towel. Also, I used liquid chalk pens on the paper. Overall, I'm satisfied.
Hi, thanks for your question. No the product does not come with chalk. Our product was designed to be used with Chalk This Way markers for the best result, however works well with chalk also. The only reason we recommend chalk markers is due to the vibrant result that can be achieved vs. using chalk however if chalk is your preference, then will be no issues at all. Trust this helps.
I have not used it in that context but it seems to be a safe enough product...it is very similar to contact paper so the outcome should be the same.
I have used this in my Cricut cutting machine but i don't know about the Cameo or silhouette.
Yes. I have the one I bought stuck to the side of my fridge from top to bottom. Make sure to smooth all the air bubbles out as you roll it onto the surface you are sticking it on. I used liquid chalk and followed all the directions but I can still see the white and some of the brighter colors I used on it even though I treated the chalkboard paper first by coloring the entire thing in with the side of a regular piece of white chalk. Maybe the problem was with the liquid chalk and not the chalkboard paper. Good luck!
Hi thanks for your question. A little moisture will be fine however submersion of glasses with labels is Jo recommended. Trust ths assists.
When I bought 3 yards, it came rolled on a tube. I came up short am ordered one more yard, this time it came folded in a box. It was not damaged either way. Btw, it is nice stuff
Yes it's one pcs
Yes
The presser feet are exactly as described in the listing: snap-on button foot; snap-on blind hem foot; invisible zipper foot; snap-on satin stitch foot; snap-on over edge foot; low shank gathering foot (NOT snap-on); embroidery foot; snap-on rolled 1/8" hem foot; straight stitch foot; snap-on pin tuck foot; snap-on fringe foot; snap-on cording foot; snap-on edge joining foot; snap-on adjustable bias binding foot; and magnetic seam allowance guide.
Yes. The Singer Simple is a low shank machine and these will fit.
If your Brother SQ-9050 is a low-shank machine with a snap-on ankle, these feet should fit.
I don't know if they will fit but from what I've found out from researching if your machine was made after 1980 they should fit. You can purchase a shank adapter. Amazon carries them. I bought one from my local sewing machine shop. It was not a fabric store but a small mom and pop shop that sells all kind of sewing machines and parts. If they won't fit your machine you can always go the route I took. I feel the quality is good with this product. I received my presser feet before the due date!
I don't know about your machine - I have a Janome 6600. All of them fit my machine fine except the gathering foot. It needs an adapter. I am pleased with the quality of these feet. When I got them I knew I would have duplicates of some and putting these side by side with those that came with my machine, it is hard to tell them apart. The magnet is great, very strong.
Yes, they will fit.
I researched each foot online and then labeled them in the organizer. You can Google sewing machine feet and identify them by picture. I was able to find a chart.
Yes it has an invisible zipper feet. I brought the 15pcs Presser Feet it hasn't let me down.
Yes
They should work if your other feet snap on.
They are brown The waist belt is a lighter brown, but it's not very noticeable once everything is put together. The back piece is gray.
Yes, this product is unisex, and adjustable. I am about 5'2" and 125lbs and it fits me fine.
Yes and yes
No it doesn't and it also comes with no instructions or pictures on how to put it all together
I'm not sure if there is sizing on these, but you can adjust them so they can fit you tighter. If possible, I suggest a small of extra small.
Hello, my friend This is can be adjusted! Should be able to fit you! The best greetings! Sam
Hello Georgia R., according to your height and weight, this product suit for you
It would depend on how big your legs are. They are adjustable so it's a 50 50 chance.
Yes,it's one size,and the size can adjustable.
It wasn't included in mine.
I don't know, but I can tell you that it's a very light material. The nickel plating does not come off easy as I have been using the same pair for several projects. I hope this information helps you. I love having the set, the cables are flexible and the needles are super light. The only difficulty I have is reading the numbers on the needles so I make sure that I get them back in the same spot in the organizer bag. Overall a nice purchase for me.
My set of interchangeable needles, which arrived today, says 'Made in China." All of the Knit Picks fixed circulars I have had previously have been made in India.
As far as connectors go, the needles have wires or cords in a couple of lengths in the same package. I have no idea if amazon carries the wires separate.
4 and 3/4 inches to the join, 5 and a half total (with the metal bit on the cord).
Yes! You can also order other size cords from knitpicks.com.
No. There are various lengths available for purchase, however.
We do ship to PO Boxes located in the US or Canada if you order directly through www.knitpicks.com. If you would be ordering through Amazon, you would need to ask Amazon's Customer Service since I'm not sure where your PO Box is located.
Unfortunately, we are not shipping to South America at this time. Thank you for your interest in our products.
A small tool is provided with the needles to tighten the screws. If you use this tool, you shouldn't have any problems with them coming loose from the cables. These needles are fabulous! I have had no problem with them coming loose as long as I use the tool to tighten the connection. Good luck!
Yes there are.
While you can put some cables together, there is a 60" cable that you should be able to buy already made.
If you stop your project and want to use the needle ends for a different project, slip the end caps on the knitting cable of your current work and use your needles with one if the other cables. Then when you come back to your first project just take off the caps and reattach your needles. You're all set to knit just where you left off.
The 24" cable is the shortest cable available for the Interchangeable Needles. The tips are about 4.5" each, which takes up 9" of the cable. The tips would not be able to touch if we made a smaller cable. We did slightly shorten the needle tips and made a Fixed 16" in sizes 0-11 to compensate since we couldn't have a 16" cable for the Interchangeables.
Only if the yarn is close to same color as the needles. For instance browns with rust and turquoise. Otherwise there is no problem.
Addi Clicks interchangeable needles are the same theory as Knit Picks...but cost a lot more. Addi Clicks includes 10 needle sizes and 3 different cable lengths; Knit Picks includes 9 needle sizes and 2 different cable lengths. I'm not sure what material the Addi Clicks needles are...I think they may be some type of smooth metal. I guess the only difference between the two is how much you want to pay. I know that Knit Picks work beautifully for my needs and their customer services is very good. I happen to like the wooden needles of Knit Picks and I think they are beautiful to look at. Both options will do the job for you.
The needle set is manufactured in China but ships from the US in Ohio. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
I'm assuming that the wood part of the needle separated from the metal base. The same thing happened to me with 2 of the needles. I used craft glue to glue them back in place. Let it dry completely before you start knitting with that needle again. Best of luck.
I've been using mine all summer and fall - with never a snag! They're very smooth and wonderful to work with. The cables do not separate from the needles because the little key that comes with the set tightens them up beautifully! Enjoy your knitting!
No - they sell 24, 32, 40, 47, and 60 inch cables. These are the sizes when attached to the needles measuring from tip to tip. Needles are each 4 and 3/4 inches. Feel free to call Knit Picks - they are very helpful!
Yes it's on the metal.
these are great buttons and can be washed. they are real coconut shells, just be sure they are the size you want.
Big enough for a yarn needle love these
One inch diameter. It does take 3 weeks or so to get them as they are shipped from China.
hello,we have gray buttons 1 inch in stock . but would you please tell me the design request such as material ,holes ,flat or not ...
we have size 34mm and 38mm in stock . $16.99/100pcs ,$70/500pcs .
They have a very slight curve so slight that I would call them flat. They are light and thin.
Just tell us the size that you need after you place the order.
Hello Dear buyer is 25mm
11.5mm,12.5mm, 15mm,20mm,18mm,23mm,25mm,30mm. Choose the size yourself ,but don't support mix size.
1 inch about 25.4cm/ 25mm .we have 25mm in stock . Coconut Shell material
No, I don't think it will replace regular chalk. On the slate, it will probably never wipe off completely. The way I see it is the marker is more like concentrated chalk.
No. Only on non-porous surfaces. Otherwise it sill stain what you write permanently.
Shake it then depress the tip. Repeat as necessary.
This liquid chalk isn't for. Chalk boards..it's more to write on glasses. .to .make the writing look like chalk hope this helpd
I believe a sidewalk would be far too porous. If you used it for hopscotch (do kids still play hopscotch?), I'm afraid your great-great grand kids could still use it...in short, don't use it. In fact, the marker itself states "not for use on porous surfaces". Regular so-called 'sidewalk' chalk is your bet bet.
Yes
Hi JD Don't have this product 1 mm or 2 mm. We're apologize. Best Regards
No
This is like liquid Chalk is easy to erase, not a permanet marker
i think it would for sure...it only ran when i put it on a chalk label that I applied to a cold jar..so my fault...
These should be used on non-porous surfaces. With a wet-paper towel it comes off. However, this particular brand is not the best out there.
Part of an email received from Precision Kitchenware: "designed to be used on non-porous surfaces. A non-porous surface is one that does not easily absorb liquid. Examples of typical non-porous materials that these markers ARE suitable for are glass, metal, sealed ceramic (NOT raw pottery) or plastic"
The question has absolutely nothing to do with my purchase. And is no help with my complaint.
I imagine so. I have a black painted-glass mirror behind my range. I use the chalk to write on the splash when prepping a complicated meal to remind myself of key time points, last minute ingredients to add, etc. Works great, easy to read, quick clean up.
SuperChalks are made in China.
No, they are not waterproof. I was able to clean off mistakes and smudges with a wet cloth or q-tip.
I don't know. I just got them a little more than a month ago and it's works in liquid form kinda like white-out.
Frankly, I've used these in other surfaces, but not on regular school boards. I have a chalk board I made in my kids' bedroom's closet door and it worked fine on it. We, however, use a slightly wet cloth to erase which, for purposes of my OCD, helps control any powder flying around the room. This may not be completely helpful information for you, but I can't imagine chalk, liquid or otherwise, not coming off a perfectly normal chalkboard.
It comes off very easy with a sponge and water. Mine didn't leave any marks
I don't know. Washed off the chalkboard paint with just slight shadows.
China. but it works well
You can move the strips but the adhesive is less effective. I suggest that each machine have their own light strip. I use one machine exclusively for sewing and the other machine for embroidery. So if I needed one for the embroidery, I would purchase another one. These light strips are great. I can sew during the day and it has allowed me to sew in the evening a well.
From light bar to switch (4")and 4" after, it's red/black. From then on, all black. About 30". I can take a pict if needed
It is 36" long. I had just turned my machine off when I got this question. This light is great, would not be without it.
The sewing light comes with a 10 inch led strip that contains 15 lights, a switch, and a power supply that converts household voltage to 12 volts DC. The back side of the led strip has an adhesive to Harold it in place. In the ad there are two pictures. One shows the light the strip displays and the second shows the led strip. Also included is a swab to clean the application area, and a complete set of installation instructions. Summer House products
The cost is listed with the price of the sewing light and is the same for 1 or 2. Part of the shipping cost covers some of our handling and packaging costs.
Yes, the power supply will produce the correct power, 12DC, at any voltage from 100v to 250v . The only requirement would be converter for the plug.
Yes the strip can be cut at 2 inch intervals. The total length of the strip is ten inches and has fifteen LED, s.
This light strip has a transformer-type plug.
The ad on amazon says the light is on sale but it rings up full price. Is there another web sight to buy it from that is on sale for $19.95&gt;
Yes it is excellent my husband loves it
Hi there, yes the Woodruff Industries 3-in-1 should go through that easily, up to an 1/8 of an inch maybe 3/16 inch, depends on the type of plastic, but shouldn't be a problem.
Yes the Woodruff Industries hole punch can punch holes in most materials, naturally it depends on the thickness of the material.
Should do that no problem it is very good quality punch. I used it to do eyelets in thick boots and worked great.
smallest punch with this is 1mm. I would think that it would work ok.
The hole punch works fine ; but , setting snaps other than glove snaps is impossible. Line 20 and 24 snaps are too large for the tool.
Yed
No
I haven't used it for snaps, and it probably should work. You can check the company's website and contact information to seek their advice.
Yes 62 1/4" is the open width. My closed width is 38 1/4" x 19 1/2" deep. I hope this helps......
It doesn't shake/vibrate when I use mine.
It's particle board covered in while formica-type laminate. I was surprised that it doesn't look cheap, but it doesn't. It's well constructed, and after using it for a while, it is proving to be a real bargain for someone who does not sew constantly but wants space to lay out the pieces being sewed. I'm also finding the wheels are pretty handy for moving it around, and they lock. I don't think it can be bet it for the price!
The shelf that folds up is 23 5/8"long and 19 12/"deep.
It is 28 1/2 perfect height love my table
It doesn't actually "drop down". The left end flips up and has a brace underneath making the entire top a flat surface to place your machine and plenty of room for fabric to lay out. There is a shelf underneath the center section which was perfect for my older machine to sit on out of the way. I also put a cloth storage box on each shelf on the right hand side to keep my things better organized. I absolutely love it!!
Yes, the back is finished. There is a paperboard backing behind the area with the door but it is still finished.
Yes, you can center yourself over the needle without obstruction. I'm very happy with my purchase.
You could but cutting mats are wider than the sewing table (table is 7 1/2 x 39 inches)
You can use a 2nd S-clip to connect the bracelets. You would then have 1 S-clip connecting 1 end of each bracelet and the 2nd S-clip connecting the opposite ends of each bracelet.
Yes, we already had a rainbow loom and bought this as an extra one for when friends are over. You can use the bands and clips on both looms, they will work together.
Pull the colored pieces under the pegs off carefully and put the rows of pegs how u want them & reattach the pieces, spaced out across bottom.
No, no user guide :( I was very disappointed about it
The package I got didn't have a loom or even instructions.
No it doesn't
Yes the bands are latex free
Depending on what piece you are referring to, the box is blue, the loom board brackets are blue or green, the hook is either blue or red, and the bands are a light neon glow in the dark. Hope that covers it.
I have a 7 year that makes bracelets and loves it. I don't think I would go lower than 6.
The sliders I ordered were round, not heart shaped. They were a much better quality than the plastic ones you can get at a craft store that also cost much more.
We used 5/8" ribbon
From China.we will ship it today and will delivery about 7 to 12 businessdays.Thanks
Yes.
Round, they look just like the picture, good quality, better what you would get at michaels.
yes
Two strands of you cord will fit since the hole is about 6.5mm X 5.2mm. This cord lock is a regular standard size with a very good spring. IBK Craft Supply
Thank you for the feedback. 48 s-clips is double what other producers supply as well as more than enough clips to produce bracelets with that amount of bands. Whether you have 600 or 1000 bands, 48 s clips will last you beyond that many bracelets.
If I remember correctly 50
These bands glow in the dark.
Yes these bands do glow in the dark.
Yes you can. But you would have to put holes in them. :)
You can glue on full page poems, but these are smaller than average size pages, keep that in mind
40 black pages.
Hi, You can order this right here at amazon, but it will out of stock very soon. We will try to restock ASAP. thank you
The dimension is 10.6" x 7.6" Inch
Yes
It's a lighter sky blue color.
Im not exactly familiar with chalkboard contact paper, but it can be used on glass, paper, boards etc
They work alright
Yes, I have used them on canvas. However, I painted the canvas with chalkboard paint first, then seasoned it as usual with regular chalk & used the liquid chalk on it.
They are not permanent is used correctly on a non-porous blackboard (magnetic chalkboard). I write and then erase (using a water/baby wipe or damp sponge, sometimes WEEKS later) and then rewrite all the time for my baby boy's "Monthly Birthday Board". Having said that, I'm not sure if they are permanent if used on a paper surface or on cloth, since that is not their intended use.
No they don't, but the collors are super brigh.
Our markers have a chisel tip that produces a 6mm line when you write with the flat surface and a finer 1 - 2mm line when you write with the sharp tip. Hope that helps, any further questions, please feel free to ask. Luke - Vegas Wand Co-founder
Yes. They work on many surfaces including wood, glass, plastic, metal, and paper. They are wonderful especially for there price. I have used chalk markers that are four times the price of these that don't work nearly as well. Save yourself a ton of money and purchase these markers over other more expensive brands. Hope this helped you with your shopping experience.
I used mine on a black dry erase board and they worked really well and didn't leave any marks. The colours were also crisp and very visible.
I have used a couple of the colors already on black boards and black chalk boards. They look great and have very bright colors. The markers took a minute to start, but it was worth it once they did. I did a lot of research before I decided to buy this particular brand. It was well worth the purchase. I hope this helps you decide.
Hi thanks for your interest and question about our product. We have had customers who have been able to use our chalk markers on painted-on blackboards and they have been able to remove the ink, however just like all chalk marker manufacturers, we do not recommend this as painted surfaces are generally porous (meaning they have tiny absorbent holes in the surface). This means that they may absorb the ink and it will be difficult to remove. I would advise you to test a small area in the corner of the surface to see if it is able to be removed. One other option is to try and seal the area with a surface primer from your hardware store, as we have found that this can often help. Examples of unsuitable (porous) surfaces include plaster, cement, wood, painted surfaces that haven't been adequately sealed, wood etc. Examples of suitable (non-porous surfaces) include glass, mirrors, metal, slate chalkboards, stone, varnished wood, most whiteboards etc. I really hope this helps and please feel free to ask if you have any further queries. Luke - Vegas Wand Co-founder
I have used them on the vinyl sticker chalk board things and worked wonderfully! &#128077; doesn't smudge but wipes really easy with a wet rag!
Yes they do. Well we used them on a regular chalkboard. I would assume it's the same. As far as clean up, it washes off with a bit of water. Usually 1wet rag to wet all of it down & another damp rag to do final clean up.
I've only used them on glass, and it comes off easily even several weeks later. I would assume the chalkboard is porous.
I have used these on chalkboard paper and on glass and it washes off with water. If you use it on an older, porous chalkboard, it might be harder to get off. I'd suggest trying mild detergent and water.
These would be perfect. They dry pretty quickly. My 4 year old sons loves to write with them. They can get messy if you don't shake them and get the paint started before hand.
No - no liquid chalk markers do, they will only fully erase on an impermeable surface
It depends on the type of blackboard. If the blackboard is non-porous and vinyl or plastic like many of the newer styles, Wonder Chalk will work very well and will wipe off easily. If the blackboard absorbs like many of the older styles, the markers will write on the board but will not clean off fully, unless you try Magic Eraser or a window cleaner. You should always test a small area of the surface you're writing on.
Yes very well, we haven't found anything that they won't work on as described.
I don't think so. It's ink for non-porous surfaces
I use these markers all the time on my fridge and never have a problem wiping them off with a damp cloth. The only time the markers stain is if the surface absorbs water (porous). I think some people aren't sure if the surface is porous and use them without testing an area. All those trendy chalkboards they sell in home decor stores, they are porous and will get stained.
I've been having the same problem! Occasionally I wet the tip a little and that helps temporarily.
Because there are several chalkboards made by the Threshold brand, I can't say for sure. If the chalkboard is made of a hard plastic or vinyl, then Wonder Chalk will work, but you should always test a small area first. If the surface is porous, meaning that it absorbs, liquid chalk will stain. Slight stains can be removed with a damp white dense sponge eraser, like Magic Eraser or other brands.
Water based
Red, Yellow, Blue, Green, Orange, Purple, Pink and White. Work great but do not last long!! For the price, a bit on the downside.
The colors are very bright/neon as shown in the picture. They have lasted me several uses.
Rena, I have mixed paint with a thinner and did some airbrushing on paper and it worked out fine. I was amazed how light I could go with the paint just by pushing the trigger a little bit, more trigger= more paint..
My only concern would be that with this compressor your psi may get to low while doing larger areas. This unit has no tank and psi drops fast and would cause the compressor to run a lot. Does come with adapters for larger compressor
It is all ready to go! If you want to buy more colors you can but this comes with the whole shabang!
Yes, with finesse, meaning to be delicate with delicate model pieces.
couple of pounds. I wouldn't buy one its been nothing but trouble and horrible customer service
Yes, I believe so!
I would have no idea. European power is different than that in the USA. It runs on 110 volt AC/ DC power source. That would be my concern...good luck !!
Compressor will run pretty much continuously while working...
Elaina, I can't tell you for sure because mine is boxed up ready to move, but if I remember it's between 6 and 12 inches thick.
The box it came in (add some styrofoam) is 11 inches (length) x 6 inches (width) x 9,5 inches height (28 x 15 x 24cm). Hope these measures are of help :-)
I had to return mine to the company, it would not even cut 1 layer of quilt cotton fabric. Haven't received replacement yet.
Yes It is 27 1/4 inches long and does several layers of fabric easily.
yes it does, however, I do not recommend trying to cut anything smaller than 3/4" +.
Yes
Yes, however depending on how wide your fabric is, you would have to keep on moving in down keeping the same angle. I have used it for this
Try using a brand new blade. It was my experience that it did not cut well with the blade that came installed. I switched it out to a new blade, and then it worked magnificently.
Yes there is. You can watch it on YouTube. Here is a link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7nSGiTazKw
Hi ... there is no special cutting mat to go with this particular cutter. You do need a cutting mat to protect your tabletop, but any will do. I happened to get a big one (24x36) from Joann with a half off coupon. It's perfect.
It is very similar to the olfa rulers. Shiny I guess. I like the fact that it keeps everything still and not moving when cutting. I like the build in cutter, it's like a paper cutter. I am a novice and I have finished cutting out some squares for a crib quilt I am making. Hope this helps.
I am not familiar with the Sew Easy Ruler Cutter. I purchased my cutter from Amazon at a good price. It just takes a little practice to get a feel for it.
no but you can buy one for about $20.00
I would not try sewing heavy denim with this machine. Material such as denim would require a more heavy duty needle and a bit more power. However, if it was a denim/spandex blend that you see in dress jeans, I would not hesitate because this fabric tends to be thinner and used for fashion not function. Hope this helps. Joy
Go to the brother site and search the model and it should bring it up!
Class 15 plastic bobbins.
I purchased mine from Sears for about $8.00 on a clearance event. You can either buy one individually or you can purchase a kit with different feet that would include the walking foot. A 15 piece set will run you about $25.00 on ebay. An individual walking foot on ebay is listed there at the moment for $13.25.
no it does not.
No it doesn't come with a case.
The machine has the capability to do buttonholes but you would have to purchase a separate buttonhole foot. It doesn't come with one.
It is compatible with PE Design versions 5,6,7,8,and Next
This software works on the computer to make the design, which is uploaded to the machine.
Yes, I have a 64bit computer running windows 8. No problems.
Are you wanting to know something about this software? I have not used this software as it is too much for what I need. I would be willing to sell it
The 4 needle cutwork comes with the 9.2
The 9.2 works with only the PE Design versions 5,67,8 and the NEXT
upgrade
You need transfer oil.
Purple tinted
Yes
there are 10, I purchased these last month. Nice size (use them for planting vegetables and herbs)
I can sell you 4 bags for $35.00
We have plenty of Brazil bags. When you order please send us a followup email making this request otherwise we have no way of knowing. Our prints are otherwise random.
Most of the bags are cut you would have to use jute string and sew the end together. They are great bags! I made kitchen curtains from one set I received . I am pleased with them. Good luck with your project
It's very breathable perfect for plants
They won't work for holding the plants in a pallet vertical garden, unfortunately. They are made of jute and will rot right away from the moisture. I made a pallet vertical garden this summer and used landscape fabric (doubled) on the back side of each pallet and it's working beautifully. I used the burlap bags to wrap around some 5-gallon Home Depot buckets I converted into planters, and they work great for that--and have just the earthy, organic look I was seeking. I tied twine around the top of each bucket to secure the cool coffee bags in place. I also filled a few with soil for planting potatoes and they are working great for that as well, although the bottoms rotted out in a few days. But they don't need to be moved until I harvest the potatoes and the sides are doing fine and look soooo great. They are worth it for a one-year investment. Good luck!
It depends on the batch. Typically we offer a few different prints (it's not guaranteed) so when ordering feel free to send us a follow up email to be sure that is done for you.
I have not tried this but I am thinking they would work. I have used them on the Martha Stewart chalkboard decals and they wipe off fine with a moistened paper towel.
Yes indeed and even Morris!
Yes the markers come off clean from glass and mirrors, not sure about plastic wine glasses. Some plastics are pourous, so test in an inconspicuous place of the plastic.
I've used them on coated card stock and mirrors/windows only so far, but the package does state for "mirrors, chalkboards, glass, windows and all non-porous surfaces". I might test it first if you're worried about it not cleaning off completely. I do love these the best out of all I've tried and they were less expensive.
Yes, with a damp cloth or paper towell.
Elaine, Angel Crafts does not recommend using Liquid Chalk Ink on any project you want to keep for a long period of time. Liquid Chalk Ink Markers are not meant for preserving memories, they are for making memories. Liquid Chalk Ink is temporary and not permanent. It is meant to be wiped off the surface and the same surface used over and over again. Scrapbook pages, cards, and altered projects need a permanent ink to preserve them for years to come. Use your chalk ink to make the memory, then take a photo to preserve it.
6 1/4"
So far, so good with my DC2014. I just finished my first quilt on it and I love it so far! No problems like my older Singer, and White machines did...
I would say so. It is heavier than the Brother I had before I bought this machine, but not by much, and only because it has metal parts (higher quality)! It is a beast at sewing through layers! I travel with mine just fine.
I've sewn over 5 layers of cotton duck with no problems. Sewing was super smooth.
No
Yes. There is a knob on top that can be twisted to decrease or increase the pressure on the presser foot.
I love my Janome . I mainly use it for quilting, but also do a lot of alterations for friends and family. Working with thick fabric and seams on blue jeans is the worst, but my janome goes over those seams, well, seamlessly! Haha. Seriously, my Janome has an even feed system that works like a charm on thick fabrics. Hope this info helps. CB
Yes. Just be sure to purchase a needle specific for sewing heavy fabrics like denim.
Hi Janome does not publish the speed of the machine. If you have any further questions on this model feel free to call toll free at 800-442-8227 and talk to our sewing specialist Paul . Thanks, Scott
Kelsie5, We have sold a lot of both. The HD3000 is a mechanical machine, The DC2014 would be your computer machine, with more ease of use. The DC2014 allows you more flexibility. Both will sew well. Thank you,
Yes... I have the Project Runway Version of the SE400. Although they worked, the tension on them seemed inconsistent so sometimes halfway through a bobbin, I'd have to replace it.
My machine is a Brother. I would suggest you consult your machines manual for correct size.
No but wound tight
Yes it will
Yes it will
Yes
Yes you can write or emboss a design. Every image on the cricut design studio gives you an option to write (marker or pen) score (with this tool) or cut (with the blade). So in theory you can score any image in the design software on your project. Hope this helps :)
This is a soring tool for the Cricut Explore
I would probably return it. A bone folder would work better.
Hello, the scoring tip can be used with the Personal, Expression, and Expression 2 machine. It is not compatible with the Explore machine. You will need to use this new stylus.
That should be what it means. You put it in the second slot. Make sure press down until it clicks.
There will be a Wireless Bluetooth Adapter released this Spring. The adapter will insert into your Explore machine and then be capable of connecting with an iPad. The app will be released this Spring as well!
If you've followed my reviews in the past - you'll know that The E1 was my first love - then I thought newer must be better and bought the E2 - big mistake. The tech/software issues alone made me almost chuck it out the window a few time. I ended up upgrading to the Silhouette Cameo as it was easier to use, less tech issues, and more sophisticated designs and also their subscription plan was amazing. Apparently Cricut realized they were losing customers and has revamped the machine and created a subscription plan. I'm game to see if this actually holds up to all the hype. For those of you who have a cricut now - read this blurb (if not, skip to the next section) - If you have projects on CCR - Explore will NOT work with CCR. You can't export your CCR project files and upload them to Cricut Design Space (CDS). I hope this is a feature their software dev people can fix b/c I don't want to have to recreate what I have. Also if you have linked cartridges from CCR/Gypsy/Cricut account - it will load on CDS (small win). * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * CRICUT DESIGN SPACE vs SILHOUETTE DESIGN STUDIO - This is actually really important b/c no matter how fancy your machine is, if you can't create what you want - then what's the point. PRO-TIP - read the FAQ from the cricut page about CDS before you start - there are functionality that are the same, but the way to e is different than CCR. If you're used to the mat layout (which I am) - set your canvas "basic" and select the 12x12 or 12x24 mat so you can layout your items. SUBSCRIPTION PLAN: CDS's subscription is really affordable. For $100/year you have access to essentially the entire Cricut library minus a few license cartridges - which is fine for me - a cartridge is roughly $30 on clearance/sale, so for the price of a couple, I have access to tens of thousands of images. YES. PLEASE! I'm guilty of having to buy 1 cartridge b/c I needed 1 specific image. I'm happy "renting the images vs owning them" I loved SDS b/c you get a subscription plan that allows you $x/month to buy each design. They often have sales on their designs which makes those monthly allowance go very far. However - for Halloween, I burned through my allowance and then some b/c I had a zillion decorations to make. Total Bummer. CDS's option gives me access to everything and anything I can possibly want (except for a few licensed items). Those credits also disappear if you don't use them in the upcoming few months (which has happened to me a few times). ACTUAL SOFTWARE SDS is a program you download onto your machines, CDS is web based. This means you have to be on the internet to use it. I like that SDS is offline and I an do this if I'm stuck in a remote cabin. And it's not tied to the bandwidth of my internet - which can get patchy at times. There is a bit of a learning curve, if you have basic MS Word skills, you'll be ok. One thing I loved about CCR that SDS didn't have was the function to do layers on a project - CDS does have that feature but it's not as easy as just selecting tabs. I miss that. I guess you can do that on the ipad app. The software is also configured to lay your shape on a mat to maximize your paper. So you technically don't need to lay them on the mat perfectly. It doesn't have an algorithym to change the angle of the shapes so it fits between things. My workaround is to lay the shapes how I want it to be cut on the mat and weld them together - so I can minimize all the white space. CDS then treats that as 1 image and cuts as many as you want. SDS has grid lines but not numbered/ruled which can be a little tricky at times. I like the gridlines are consistent (inches) on the CDS which makes guessing the size of my outcome to be exactly what I want. (SDS also offers an upgrade version for their design software - for a price - which I've bought, but it's still not as robust at CDS). WHAT I WISH: I wish they also had another subscription program that you can purchase the individuals that aren't part of the subscription library at a discount. If only Design Space had all the buttons/functionality of CCR - then this would actually be perfect. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS MACHINE: Right out of the box - it worked. All I had to do was login with my Cricut account to Cricut Design Space. Suprisingly - I anticipated a 2 hour block to update firmware on the machine and the process of loading/reloading the app on my computer. It was a 5 minute setup time. Comes with a bag!!! For the price price point - it's really lame to have to drop $20-$50 for a cover/bag. I rather use the funds for more material or accessories. The bag isn't a cheap dustcover. It's actually a legitimate sturdy canvas bag, with pockets, and handles to haul this badboy out and about. The machine is surprisingly light especially since it's bigger than the cameo. It's really clear that some thought was put into re-creating this machine. I love the light (E2 has this, E1 did not, Cameo does not). It helps for smaller detail projects. And who doesn't love something shiny...There is a little cubby hole on the top for you to stick your pens/tools for when you're using the machine. Inside the door there are 2 compartments. One for extra blades and the deep cut housing unit. Another compartment for pens/tools. The machine may be made out of plastic but the parts that really matter are solid. The blade housing is heavy/sturdy. I love the mat guide - The silhouette is guilty of having mats slip mid project - which results in having to redo the same project b/c the cut was wrong. The smart dial takes the guess work out of the depth of the blade and the speed of the cut. I don't know about you - but I can't remember what setting I use for Martha Stewart Cardstock vs Michaels Brand vs Cricut if I haven't worked on a project in a while. My post-its don't stick on. The speed of this machine is also very impressive - I usually am able to take off projects off 1 mat while another is being cut - but this thing is so fast that my projects end up waiting for me THIS MACHINE IS EERILY QUIET...I thought the machine was just moving the mat around and not cutting until I looked closely - I no longer need to set craft time based around noise violation ordinances. The machine is lifted up a bit off the table which means my cords doesn't get in the way of the mat. I also don't need to make sure I have 2ft of clearance behind the machine. This used to be a must for all my machines (E1 and Silhouette) so it wouldn't get caught on something for projects. WHAT I WISH: The machine should come with a scraper tool - that's a necessity. If you don't have one, check out the Slice (Making Memories) tool kit. I still swear by mine - it's inexpensive and has almost everything you can possibly need. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * OTHER TIDBITS: I was talking to a mom friend of mine who said she spent $200 on supplies to make a banner. She had to buy foam letters as a set - and if it didn't have enough of a certain letter, she had to buy another one. She was essentially stuck with what she could get her hands on at the store. When I told her about the Cricut, she about died. I could have made her banner for under $20. ACCESSORIES: Cricut by far have the best blades and mats. I use Cricut mats on my Silhouette Cameo. The adhesive is JUST RIGHT and doesn't kill my paper when I'm peeling off projects. I also use my label maker to make a sticker that says "top" which I tape onto the clear protector sheet - this way I'll know which side is meant to be on the sticky side - this might not be a big deal, but I'm a little OCD. Cricut blades are also 1/4 the price of Silhouettes and also more durable. My blades on the Silhouette would break if I used a thicker cardstock, and I had a project that went through 3 blades, I was a little miffed. The cricut blades are great on tougher material like thick cardstock and foam. Cricut is the only brand I've come across that carries the larger cardstock (24x12) which I bought on Overstock. If you need tools (tweezers, scrapers, etc.) - Making Memories Slice Tool kit is the best. Amazon has consistently better prices on blades/mats (you can get in bulk) and also tools. CUSTOMER SERVICE: Cricut's customer service hotline is mostly available during business hours - this was really annoying when I went through my crisis with the E2. Especially being a working parent - I too work those same hours their hotline is open. They need to expand those hours. BUT when you get in touch with a real person, they're super rad. Silhouette's customer service has always been fast on response via email and phone. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * MATERIALS I'VE USED ON THE EXPLORE - apparently this is the mother of all machines and I can cut all sorts of material. Challenge Accepted. FOAM: (Do use a brand new mat - otherwise your foam will unstick mid cut and you will turn into a sailor). The nice thing about this software is that you can still customize your cut pressure. After you've loaded the mat, go to the "Material Setting" - then "Add Material" Name it foam, 235. Use the deep cut blade (I've tried variations of settings and deep cut and regular blade before I figured out that I could adjust the setting. DUR. Do know that on one side, it will leave roller marks. So mirror your cuts as necessary. VINYL: OH EM GEE!! This thing is a dream to cut vinyl with. I uploaded some designs that I liked through the program and it cut them perfectly! My kiddo is obsessed with Mario right now - so I cut out some Mario vinyl and stuck them onto a mason jar - made my own lid insert and voila - instant piggy bank that cost me about $1 to make. I'm thinking this would be a great way to make personalized party favors - fill little jars with candy, or trinkets. I struggled with cutting on Canvas and Burlap. The material would come undone - even on a new mat, I think I would have to use some type of a spray adhesive on the mat to make it happen. PENS: I figured since the pens were pretty fine point - that it wasn't able to make an significant drawings - I was wrong. You can set it to run a few times over so it makes a thicker line. I liked that a lot. And it's awesome to NOT have to switch out a pen for the blade - which you have to do with the Silhouette. The computer controls everything - and it's made doing a project effortless and efficient. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * WHAT I LOOK FOR IN A SOLID MACHINE: I need my end projects to be of quality. ROI has to be solid (Return on Investment) - which means to me - the time I spend "designing it", cutting it, and if necessary, putting it together. The machine has to be easy to use to minimize mistakes - I hate wasting paper - or having to run the same project 3x b/c the mat slipped or a cut didn't go all the way. VERDICT...are you ready for it? I guess is really dependent on you. Is noise level important? If yes, go with the Explore. As much as I love the robotic symphony that my Silhouette makes, I'm pretty sure my neighbors don't love it. Are you limited on budget? If yes, go with the Explore - the subscriptions option really gives you a diverse group of cuts all for the same price. The machine is really easy to use as long as you have basic computer skills. If you do get an explore - I highly recommend getting a bundle, it seems like you get more for not paying a whole lot more. Am I going to part ways with my Silhouette - NO - but I did end my subscription plan with them and just buy as I need. Their library has many more "sophisticated" and "3d" projects that I really enjoy putting together/ If you were to go out and get a machine - since you've never had one before - I'd go with the Explore. It offers a lot of versatility that you don't have to get nickeled and dimed for - I like that I can do 1 project with little effort and get the kids excited to want to participate. There are tons of licensed materials too - so if you have kids - this is great. I have a feeling that now that they're done doing the development of the machine, they're going to be spending more time/focus on the software side. Which makes this a solid investment. Every time I've thought of something random to do - the machine has been able to make it happen for me.
We will be releasing an iPad app Spring 2014 that will be focused on the Make it Now projects currently on Design Space. To use this app you will need the Wireless Bluetooth Adapter which will also be available for purchase this spring. Be on the lookout for more features available through the iPad app this summer. The Bluetooth adapter will be available for purchase online.
Yes, you are able to use your cartridges with the Explore machine. Also, once you have linked your Imagine cartridges to your account in the Craft Room and the Print then Cut feature is available you will be able to use those.
The trick is to bend the mat and slowly peel the paper off. Invest in the 3 pack of mats that are for light paper, medium paper and very thick paper. Using the right stick and paper will help you remove the paper! Mary
Yes! The Cricut Explore uses the same 12 x 12 and 12 x 24 cutting mats that you currently use with your Expression or Expression 2.
They are not the same Cricut pens. The only place to get them is HSN, but they are sold out. I was hoping Amazon would have them and the new scoring tool.
All of the cartridges that you have already linked to Cricut Craft Room will automatically be available in Cricut Design Space to use with the Cricut Explore. You won't have to link the cartridges again.
No, you can use American Craft Slick Writers, but only the fine and medium point, the wide are too short. With fabric you have to use heat and bond.
once you've uploaded your images they are available for use in Cricut Design Space without the cartridge.
Yes the base comes off easy actually the whole thing comes apart quick an easy
No the mount to hold him up attached to the glass would be in the way, you might be able to a 6" boot to work i sell military/tactical gear and have only been able to get the 6 in boot and trainer type shoes to work
It is hollow. Kinda cheap but it works ok. I use it as a scarecrow.
Yes, you can move the arms up and down, also the head can be move left & right. Thank you!
Yes as long as you weight down the base plate.
yes, they are.
It's about 30 lbs. the height is about 6' 1" according to our data. Thank you!
92 lbs
Do NOT buy this machine if you are looking for a hat press. I bought this and the hat press did not work like it should. I called the company and one of the techs told me that the hat press function on it did not work efficiently BUT this company was the worst to work with in trying to process a return or credit. They ended up only giving me a $75 for the inconvenience. I had to purchase a hat press, that works great, elsewhere.
I only cranked mine up once but it didn't cycle like that.
If this is not a joke, you can't heat press anything onto Styrofoam cups. You would need direct-to-object printer/sprayer for that
Setting rhinestones is much more complicated than that, however - you will need a heat press at some point in that process and this could certainly work for that yes
no problem
Machine is made in china ... you cannot print plastic mobile covers but real leather mobile coves can be printed provided there are no plastic or rubber parts close to the cover that you prinitng.
The heat platen is about 12x14.. Im use to a bigger area,but its workable unless your transfer,vinyl etc., is bigger than a sheet of paper.
Gross power: 1400 W thanks
I you answEr on monday. Have to check at the office
Yes
If you want to... The necklace is one of those little balls one and u want take it off n on. The frozen charms n necklace come in two different baggies you put them together
Yes, but the clasps are impossible for a child to do alone.
They are not exactly the same as real bottle tops but are made of metal, as is the chain, not plastic. They look just like the picture. Good character assortment in the set I ordered- for boys an girls. The chains and bottle caps came in separate bags. Nothing was scratched or tangled. Very cute as a party favor for our Frozen party!
It seems like a lot of little boys are into Frozen too. I gave these as favors to both and for the boys, just gave them the Olaf and Kristof ones. They were pretty excited still (age range was 3-6).
The cotton spools are 2500 yards per spool. This thread will work with the different size universal needles. The sewing machine needle size will depend on the type of fabric being used.
These are excellent thread and will fit most modern machines. They are cotton so there is an increase of lint and "fuzz" in your bobbin case so you will need to keep the bobbin case wiped out depending on the amount of sewing you do. I would recommend at lease very project or so. along with the bobbin case, you machine will need to be cleaned out professionally every year because of the lint.
I don't see why not; I purchased this to use in my brother innovis machine.
The spools are 2 1/2 inches (106.2 cm) tall and 1 1/2 inches (103.5 cm) wide. Yes, they have 1200 yards of thread on each spool.
I would probably use the royal blue or the purple. Try sewing a seam on a scrap of the denim fabric and pull the seam to see how it looks/shows through and choose the one you like best. I usually experiment a bit before I choose.
I think it will work. It's a large spool and not a cone. I really like this thread. I have all collections.
No the shade are different.
I've never done hand (well minus the binding). But, this thread was AWESOME in the machine, never once gave me trouble. I did 323 appliques with this thread. It is prettier in person.
The extension table and cloth guide are the 2 main accessories not included. We can however in place of some of the feet accessories include the table and cloth guide as part of the bonus pack if you like. This machine already comes with a lot of feet as it is. Let us know what you think. :) Pals Vac&Sew
Yes, to lift the presser foot.
Actually a lot. Lots of extra feet including Accu-Feed feet. Too many to remember. I think at least 10 extra feet. I use the Accu-feed feet for quilting and I love it. I also got 3 packs of bobbins and some extra needles. There was also a fabric guide.
Alma, The 7700QCP comes with a semi-hard cover. Thank you,
Yes it does
Unfortunately, going a step down would move you down to a smaller (3/4 size head) machine, so you you would lose that 11 inches of throat space. With this caliber machine, it's really about the power/smoothness/quietness combination, with the thread cutter, built in walking foot, customization stitch patters, etc. The sheer number of stitches is just gravy. :-) When purchasing, make sure to purchase for Pal's Discount Vacuum and Sewing. Kind regards, Pal's Discount Vacuum & Sewing
7mm
Just over 10 inches
Hi Carolyn. We here at Pal's Discount Vac & Sew are a fully authorized/accredited Janome Dealer. A machine from us would come with a full factory warranty. Furthermore, this machine would be able to be serviced by any authorized Janome Dealer.
Just adjust the presure on it and you wont have to hold it the entire time
I'm having the same problem
320 15 seconds make sure you have good pressure and you have the vinyl laid correctly.on the fabric
I don't know but I really don't recomend this one. I used it twice and it didn't work after that, tried contacting someone from Fancierstudio and the phne was disconnected and never answer my message on their site. Not even Amazon help me with this problem. My heatpress useless! Buy another brand.
I want to say a year but I'm not for sure. This is my second one this year. The first one I got back in March was giving me all sorts of issues with the temperature gauge. After speaking with the company and amazon, I was able to get it replaced. Had to pay the difference in price.
Just checked for you: 19 7/8 inches by 10 3/8 inches.
Yes if you keep the original box
I think 500 degrees but I will check later today..
I'm sure it's like the Silhouette which means your answer is not completely true regarding an Ipad is the only tablet. You can use a windows tablet that is not a chrome book. I have a windows tablet that is exclusively sold at Best Buy UB (Unbranded) and I use mini usb port and I bought the EEEKit Office 3-in-1 Kit from Amazon. Off topic, I also use a Microsoft Bluetooth mouse (bought from Amazon) and keyboard. Today I'm going to see if the Bluetooth adapter I bought (from Amazon) will work like this guy! Silhouette is the same as far as the kindle I believe they are kicking the app out in August. I'm #TeamSilhouette however this Cricut Explore Wireless Bluetooth, made me want to look. lol
Hi! The wireless adapter is a way to connect your laptop and your tablet to your Cricut Explore without the use of a cable. Once you connect your laptop and Explore you can cut anything that is on your screen - both premade and your creations. I hope this helps. If you have an iPad and are using the new app, you can only cut the premade ideas at this time. I am hoping that changes in the near future to allow the app users the ability to create an cut using a tablet. Have fun Exploring!!!
Users will be able to wirelessly cut from an iPad up to 30 feet away. The Make It Now app requires iOS 7 or later and is compatible with iPad 2, iPad 3, iPad Air and iPad Mini. Users can wirelessly cut from a desktop computer or laptop with Bluetooth functionality from up to 15 feet (distance may vary based on PC or Mac).
I use it with my iPad 2 and it works well.
No only the Cricut Explore
Bambi, there is a group on Facebook where you can get lots of help with your Explore. It is Cricut Lovers Guide to Design Space. Here is the link. https://www.facebook.com/groups/CricutLoversGuide/ There are over 10,000 members and they are very helpful. Cricut also has great customer service. Sorry I couldn't answer your question but maybe you'll find your answer at one of these places. I love my Explore and I'm using the BT device too.
You need to make sure it is 2.0 or higher and it will work with your PC. Order one from Amazon or go to staples. You needn't pay more than $15.00. HTH
If your computer isn't Bluetooth ready you will have to buy a USB Bluetooth adapter also. I purchased mine on Amazon for under $7.00. I inserted the Bluetooth adapter in the cricut explore and the USB adapter in my computers USB port and the computer loaded the drivers for both. After that you turn on your Cricut Explore and when you push go it will show your Bluetooth connection and will cut wirelessly. It was well worth the money not to have the cord connected everytime I cut something. Hope this was helpful.
I know this works with Cricut explorr
I don't think it is available anymore only the explore has one. You might contact Cricut direct and ask them. Sorry I am sure that isn't what you wanted to hear
I have to say no. I painted a regular wall with chalk paint, let it cure for a few days and then used the SuperChalks to design a holiday theme. I just tried to wipe it off and I'm not having much luck. I might try the board cleaner or I just might have to repaint and use regular chalk. Love the Superchalks but perhaps the feedback is correct, don't use on porous surfaces.
Not sure about the mini chalk boards, but they would work on the windows and the white boards for sure.
They are very bright and very liquidy markers so if the material you are using is any at all porous, they're going to be difficult to erase entirely. They wipe clean off glass of course. I would say they would wipe clean off chalkboard paper as well since it is 100% non porous.
They do!
No they stay dry in my experience
SuperChalks are not suitable for use on porous materials, as they will stain. Slate is a porous material; therefore, SuperChalks will not erase when applied to slate. Please be careful when using SuperChalks on chalkboards, as they will likely cause staining on porous surfaces. You should check with the manufacturer of your chalkboard to determine whether or not your chalkboard is porous.
yes
Shake one pen for 30 seconds. Take the cap off and press the tip onto some scratch paper and hold down for 30 seconds. Take the pen off the paper (allowing the tip to come back out) and then press it back down for 10 seconds - repeat this last step until you see the color come out. Some colors take longer to come out but this should work!
Yes they do! Wet paper towel and it comes right off.
They would probably work best on poster board. They'd probably still work just not have the same affect.
The cord that is included is very short. I always carry an extension cord when I have the light pad. That's the only issue I have with it. It's an amazing tool besides that small oversight.
I believe the Futura is about 24 inches deep, and has a support arm in the center. If you were looking to place the LIght tracer under the futura itself, I do not believe it would fit. However , it would of course work above the table itself.
There are 5 tracing paper and 2 pad packs added in the original package, other than that, there's no difference between the two. We created this new version in the demand of our customers. If you have any suggestions for us/our products as well, you may visit our official site and send an email to our official mailbox. Thank you.
We have two types of power plugs, one is for the US and the other is for European. Thank you.
Robert, the Light tracer is like sturdy plexiglass. While you could certainly cut on top of it, it would permanently scar/scratch the surface.
The pucks are just rubber half spheres that sit on the table under the back of the tracer. You can see one in the photo on the corner. They don't attach to anything and only lift the back about 2.5cm. I don't really use them, they are more of a hassle than they are worth.
I believe so. The settings of light can be quite bright thus making it possible to see, even through card stock
You can't.
No
the light pad has no bulbs to replace. Long life span 50,000 hours. I absolutely love the light pad. It came with everything I need - plug in and go. It does have a rather short cord but I plug it into a serge protector, so it works great. Light is variable brightness too. Best of luck:)
Yes, you can.
I haven't used Bristol board, but it does penetrate through 2-3 pages of card stock depending on how dark your lines are. The light is very very bright, this is the best light box in have used.
It looks like you have a problem with the assembly of the unit. I went out and bought a jack to plug it into the wall. So I don't have to charge it. You can buy them at Best buy they are about $15.00. I have not had any issues with mine. I use it all the time. You may want to send it back if it is broken.
I think it would be excellent!! the light is very bright and dims/brightens gradually for whatever level you need.
You have to be care full as the USB port is very delicate. I would recommend getting a jack to plug into the wall it plugs into the USB port then you don't have to mess around with charging it. You can then keep it plugged in and out of wall. I bought mine at Best Buy. It is an adapter that fits into the USB port. I use mine all the time love it.
Based on my Owner's Manual: the A2, A3 and A4 models come with a power adapter included, and I believe the output voltage is DC12V. Product ships from Hong Kong.
I've used it with Arches 140# HP and it works pretty well. I'm sure it would work even better with 90#. The brightness is much more intense than my other light box, so I'm very happy with it.
I just turned it on and let it sit for 40 minutes and it isn't hot yet.
1. It is Acrylics; 2. please do not scratch it with sharp knife or other thing; 3. it is 'USB' LED light box, it goes with USB wire not power plug, here is picture for your reference, https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-4OLtEhrOXK0/U0iOScWkKDI/AAAAAAAAAIw/nvwKAmnvqzs/w913-h685-no/IMG_20140412_083603.jpg
I would be very carful as drawing light is very fragile. Get a sturdy drawing case to use. I hope this helps.
The ingredients are considered proprietary by the manufacturer and are not shared with us. We do know that they are synthetic color pigments suspended in wax. Hope that helps!
These produce very dark colors so even small amounts of the brown would be too dark.
You want to make sure you add the dye at 185 F or it will not dissolve completely. You may also be adding to much dye. You'll want to stir several minutes to make sure it is mixed in completely, it's best to do this before you add fragrance in case you need to reheat the wax.
You need to break the joined cubes into two pieces. One piece is all you need.
None of these would work in my opinion, but Amazon sells special dye in gold. Use the search box and type in "gold dye for candles" to see the results.
It is intended for wax. It is soy based so I used it for my soy candles. The blocks are made of wax and I'm just guessing, but I don't think that gel and the wax block would mix.
No you would need to purchase body safe colorants.
They are excellent but not natural
yes
You can either use a sharp knife to cut it or use a cheese grater (which neither should be used for food prep again) to get a smaller amount for a lighter shade.
The biggest difference between the regular and upgrade is the hook is metal on the updated one.
Yes, there are directions on a few different designs but you can find Many designs on YouTube. Also, I prefer the rainbow brand rubber bands. They tend not to break as easy.
If you order from ReallyGreatToys, your package will ship via USPS. Orders placed by 9am ship the same business day. It would definitely arrive in time if ordered from our store.
Standard shipping 4-14 days,
If you have rainbow loom kit and bands that it yiu need
No it would not,but the colored top might have dents or something but over all it will not brake.
My 10 year old has taken over this machine. She watched the DVD and set up shop. She is little and figured out how to crop t-shirts to her size. The negative is that she has taken over the dining room table with her fabrics and drops pins on the floor.
Yes you can
The light is not bad if you are just sewing for a little while. I quilt so sometimes sew for hours I bought this machine for when I travel. If you are going to be sewing for long periods of time you will need an extra light. This is a nice little machine though.
Hello - I generally buy a cotton/poly blend - it is durable and quite easily found. Coates & Clarke is a vey well known brand. It would also help if you knew what kind of projects she might be undertaking...the weight of the thread varies with the task. I just googled "Brand names for sewing Threads"and there were a variety of experts writing on the subject if you want to take the exploration further...Good luck!
The xl2701 is the new model of xl26001 It has more stitches newer light etc. the xl 2610 Has a 4 step button hole setting and the other two have a one step button hole setting which is much better and easier. I would recommend the 27001 out of those three. the 2701 sews great and is a great size the others are smaller and not as heavy altho it is still light weight.
Yes
Yes
Yes foot pedal is included in this pack
Both. You have an on off switch and the foot pedal controls the speed
No, good makes it light
I googled and came across this informative website. Very helpful! http://craftygreenrabbit.wordpress.com/2013/08/19/sew-crazy-an-almost-comprehensive-concise-guide-to-sewing-feet/
It does.
i believe they are standard feet for all Brother machines. (a little later.....) I just looked at the machine, and a almost positive they WILL work.
I'm also new to sewing but am taking a quilt of the month class and this is a great set as we use different feet and techniques every month. It's got so many of the feet that we use in class at a fraction of the price, I'm very happy with this set.
The singer 7258 is a low shank machine and it takes snap on feet so most of them should fit. The zipper foot and the other two at the bottom of the picture with the long pieces coming off are not snap on so they my not fit.
If its a low shank machine it will work
Yes
Yes, it should.
I don't think they will. Serger presser feet are usually longer than standard sewing machine presser feet.
I have a Janome 6019 which has a short shank. The Embroidex attachments work very well. I think it would work on most machines that have short shanks.
Anne... The colors shown in the photo are the actual colors you will get. There are some that are called "tie dyed" and re white and one od the other colors like pink or blue for example. There are also some that are called "poke a dotted" and are white with another color or black with another color. Each different color or configuration of colors comes in 2 bags per color. You really get a large amount f each color shown with the extra hooks, charms and "s" clips. You wont be disappointed. I had to get a big fishing lure box to put them all in. Have fun and I hope I answered your question at least in some way.
1 pound or so not heavy at all
the colours are in their own packaging, separated, but in a large bag. the hooks are really flimsy but are useable. the S clips are good quality and you get alot of them.
I'm using this bands right now and I can tell you that are very resistents and you can strech them several times without loosing quality
Have not seen that happen to date! Happy looming!
They come as pictured and shipped in an Amazon box. Happy Looming!
Sorry, I purchased as a gift so I never saw
They are shipped in a box and then they are bagged by individual colors.
The ones I purchased were in plastic bags they were shipped in a box.
Bag
Made in China. I recommend taking metal ring off charms and fasten with the rubber bands.
We are set up for global shipping, however, have had some technical issues lately we are solving.
Not at this time. Thanks!
Thanks for asking! Colors come bagged individually by color and or style.
Not at this time. Thank you!
Yes, you will need a loom. Also may need a book for different designs. Very good product. I was happy with purchase.
I do not believe there are any bands that are color changing . I got about 10 hooks with the 20K kit.
Hi. Not that I noticed . They are fine. Hope this helps
They are almost out of stock due to Amazon delays and the high volume of orders!
My dear, I really don't know how much are in each bag. I send them overseas to my god son, but he said there were alot of in each bag.
Did you find your straight stitch plate? I found it for you, if you still need it, let me know and I'll post the the info.
Just shy of 9 inches. This machine is the same as the Janome mc6500p and is made by Janome. Hope that helps
I still love it. It's everything I expected and more. It has elevated my skills to the nth degree!!!
No
Yes, you can use various spool sizes of thread. Just make sure you use the proper size thread spool cap.
The plate on the machine reads 0.6 amps
This machine is compatible with all the standard sewing needles available.
No its not
I haven't had any problems with bulk but haven't sewed influx leather. Great machine.
Yes
You must do whatever it takes to make it non-porous. Seasoning it first would be a good idea, but I wouldn't be sure it isn't porous. Season it and drip some water on it. If it soaks in, the markers will not work.
No
Hi Nic, Thank you for your question. Yes, we have had great results with using our markers on blackboard contact paper or chalkboard vinyl. Because these products can vary greatly in quality however, we would still recommend testing a small inconspicuous area of your surface first. Just to ensure you have no problems wiping away the ink or there are no ghosting affects. We hope we have answered your question sufficiently, if you have any further queries, please don't hesitate to contact us again. Enjoy creating works of art on your blackboard contact paper or chalkboard vinyl! Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
Hi Joanna, Thank you for your question. Our markers are great for the classroom! They work best on slated chalkboards / blackboards. Typically the old school chalkboards are made of slate but we recommend still always testing a small area first before use, to ensure you don't experience any problems with ghosting or removing the ink. Some of the cheaper chalkboards are simply painted chalk paint on a softer material making them more porous and vulnerable to ghosting (leaving faint marks behind). Our Liquid Chalk will erase easily from any non-porous surface with a damp cloth. We actually have several regular customers who are teachers themselves and have also given us feedback that they not only find them great for chalkboards but also classroom windows. We hope we have sufficiently answered your question. Thank you again for your question. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
Hi Marilyn, Thank you for your question. Yes, be rest assured, these markers are the same high quality as our 8 pack Fluorescent Liquid Chalk Markers. We received several requests from customers of our 8 pack to produce a white pack. Those that use the markers frequently (teachers, restaurant owners, office workers etc.) found this is the color they relied on most. It has a wide 6mm chisel tip, contains the highest grade ink, the color pigmentation is as bright as our fluorescent range, it is water-based and completely non-toxic. It is safe for children and best yet can be removed from any non-porous surface with just water. We hope we have fully answered your question. If you have any further queries, please don't hesitate to ask. Kind regards Lilly Morrison - Inspired By Craft
