I think that the yellow is the most mild. The green has a much deeper flavor profile than the yellow and red though.
No MSG in Mae Ploy curry pastes.
The ingredients are listed in the description!
I never pay attention to it myself. The ingredients in the curry paste are long lasting .. but thats up to you!
We bought the 14oz for just under $5.
I ordered one of each product, the red and the green, and received one of each. Each about $5, shipped quickly and carefully packaged - no complaints here. Hope that helps
Also. I am looking for organic coloring....not red dye #40...So, yes this makes no sense for being organic.
Water, sugar, may contain one or more of the following U.S. certified colors (Red 40, Red 3, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 1&2), or (Titanium Dioxide), modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid and less than 1/10 of 1% of Sodium Benzoate and a potassium Sorbate as preservatives. Hope this helps...
Yes
Never eggs, but we did cupcake icing and it was great, deep colors.
It's a gel like Wiltons cake decorating colors
It is a deep blue, but these are gel. I found the color to be more intense, but it was much more difficult to dissolve. So, I'd keep that in mind for what you need it for. For us, the colors work better when combined with heated substance.
Yes, it could. Dentures also. Probably would eventually wear off with lots of brushings. It's pretty strong.
I would think it would work if you used warm water and shook it. Worth a try.
Each bottle is .75 ounce. 3/4 of an ounce. That doesn't seem like a lot but believe me a little goes a long way. I am so happy I bought these. Best food coloring I have used in a long time. And I have been baking for 45 years.
The packaging does not state "gluten free". It states: Ingredients: "water, sugar. May contain one or more of the following U.S. Certified Colors [lists colors], modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid, less than 1/10 of 1% sodium benzoate (preservative) and potassium sorbate." Unless there's gluten in corn starch, I'd say it's gluten-free.
No! It is false advertising. I got one box weighing 13 ounces.
3 boxes X 10 oz
It says - Uncle Sam Cereal 12X 10 Oz Uncle Sam Cereal - so you are getting 12 boxes each weighing 10 oz.
Roasted barley, rye, chicory, sugar beets.
In the order they're listed, and I'm assuming the most comes first: Roasted Barley, Rye, Chicory and Sugar Beets. Made in Poland. Use as you would instant coffee to taste. My husband is happy with it. I'm just happy it has no caffeine.
It doesn't say, but barley is the first ingredient (which means it has the most percentage).
Mine says Mar. 2015, and I bought it over a year ago from someone who was selling their unopened jar. I've had the 6 pack before and gave away individual jars. One jar makes for a lot of chicory, they say 100 cups. It's a nice uncaffeinated drink.
The label says a serving is 1 tsp. and contains 2 grams carbs and of that less than 1 gram sugar. It seems to be the only nutrition.
No
I believe it is for 6. I love the stuff!
On the side there is a black label "BEST BY 25/JUL/2016"
i buy it by the case but at alice in 2012 it was 4 99 and last time i ordered it on line from walmart and it was 45.32 for a case plus tax
Bottle reads Napa CA USA
According to bottle it is extract from roasted garlic
Although I don't have the pot at my current location to check it for sure, I believe 36 ounces would be the total as they consider a "cup" to be 6 ozs. When I make two twelve ounce cups with the pour over method that brings the level exactly to the 4 cup level, which from memory is about the half way point, so you should be able to get at least 36 oz if not a little more with a full pot. I can verify for you early next week if you would like to know the exact capacity. It's a handy little carafe for making just a couple large mugs of coffee at a time, and versatile enough to use either the #4 Melitta or #2 Hario cones on top.
Just one small hole, you place the filter in and pour a small amount to dampen the coffee grounds and then slowly fill to your desired cup level. Easy and pure coffee the natural way.
#6 cone filters, white or natural work best. You can use #4 filters but they're a little too small unless you only want to make a cup or 2. You can use any brand as long as they're cone filters.
Hi, You use more or less of the ground coffee. Just experiment a bit.
Yes it can!
I don't have a ruler here with me, but it looks to be about 10 inches.
It is approximately 5-1/2" diameter at its widest and 5" tall
I wouldn't do it. The brochure that came with the unit says: Caution: To avoid breakage and injury: -Do not use carafe to boil liquids or for cooking purposes -Never place the carafe on a gas or electric range, or in a conventional or microwave oven Again, it may not break, but I would think twice before using the pot contrary to the Cautions.
Water pours too fast if all the grounds are stuck to the side of the filter. Pour in just enough water to wet all the grinds first, and let all the water through. You'll notice that the grounds make a sort of "valley" and there's not that much on the very bottom of the filter, where the water's going through. You'll want to pour the water down the edges of the cone so that the grounds come off the sides and fall to the bottom. Pour enough water all around to get the grinds to go down, wait for all the water to go through, then repeat. Each time, you'll see that more and more of the grinds stay on the bottom of the filter and don't stick to the sides. It's easier to pour water around the edges using a kettle with a long spout (like this: http://www.amazon.com/Hario-Buono-Coffee-Drip-Kettle/dp/B000IGOXLS) but you can do it with a regular water boiler. Here's a video if you're interested: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcBSYQZAn3w
Your cup must be wide enough to allow the bottom of the cone fall with the cup. The picture may not show but the cone continues well beyond the rim of the carafe (picture on the cover). If you place the cone on a cup, the cone must continue within the cup otherwise the cone will not be stable.
I found out that wilton products that are certified kosher have no animal product in it.
Ingredients: water, high fructose corn syrup, corn syrup, glycerin, suger, sorbitol, food starch-modified (corn), FD&C red #40, FD&C yellow #5, FD&C blue #1, FD&C red#3, FD&C yellow #6, FD&C blue #2, carrageenan, Agar gum, sodium benzoate (preservative), potassium sorbate (preservative), salt, citric acid.
All colors seen on box plus Teal, Burgundy, Black, Brown, and Copper. No white
You can use this food coloring for whatever food. I have used it to color sugar before. Don't limit yourself to frosting and cake!
ROYAL blue.
yes you can use store bought frosting or make your own frosting.
Hello! These really do not expire or dry out if you keep the lid very tight. We recommend storing them in a cool dark place such as a pantry. Do not let it freeze or get extremely hot as it can break down the ingredients. They will last a very long time! Hope that helps
There are no expiration dates. From what I read on Wilton's site they don't expire, you just need to be sure not to contaminate them.
I would consider it more of a gel. I use the tip of a little cheese spreader knife to get the color out. Doesn't take much color at all usually to get the color you're going for
The label says: Manufactured for/ Fabricado Para Wilton Industires, Inc., Woodridge, IL 60517 Made in USA I attempted to load a picture of the label, but I don't see it.
I have never tried but it makes blue look just like real water. It is applied right over what you are doing to give it a gloss like effect
Corn Syrup, sugar, water, food starch-Mondified(corn), agar gum, citric acid, potassium sorbate (preservative), sodium citrate........Yummy. ;-P
It eventually hardens....If using on cake pops to decorate, use just enough to place and hold the product...if you use to much it will slide
Always stay tranparent
18g sugar; 25g total carbs
I'm assuming you mean to put the raspberries on the side of the cake? My first instinct was to respond 'no', however, I pulled out my small tub of piping gel and put some on the back of a plastic soda cap and stick it to a Tupperware lid standing up. Gravity has not pulled it down. 1) my piping gel is over a year old so could it be less runny? Don't know. 2) neither surface has moisture as a raspberry or buttercream has. I say, if you have time, try it out with 1 completely dry surface raspberry attached to a part of the cake you can fix if the experiment goes south - literally. I'm thinking it should work. Good Luck.
I have only used it with traditional style. What I do is keep the meat frozen a little so it will slice thin.
Here is a link to a pdf. that lists the ingredients of all the Nesco Jerky seasonings. http://www.nesco.com/files/pdf/bjv10_spice_ingredients.pdf
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curing_(food_preservation)
About 1 pound per Nesco.
Sodium content is 34% per serving That is 820mg. Wonderful product but do not over use it. and do not add additional salt until you taste your food during prep.
6 months
It's content label states it is made from, "Water, Sugar, Salt, Oyster Extractives (oyster, water, salt), Monosodium Glutamate as a flavor enhancer, Modified Corn Syrup, Wheat Flour, Carmel Color." The monosodium glutamate does not contain gluten, however, I'd assume the 'wheat flour' might contain wheat gluten. More info. might be found at their website: www.LKK.com
USA - California
Thank you for your email. Orders shipped to APO addresses need to be shipped via US Priority Mail. We don't recommend ordering highly perishable cheeses, however, such as creamy or blue cheeses. Cheddars and other aged cheeses ship best. Regards, Margaret, igourmet
Yes, it comes in air tight plastic( individually wrapped). It is shipped with cold packs and needs to be refrigerated upon arrival. Hope that helps.
We ship our products via the United States Postal Service. We use the postal service regional boxes. By your request we may use FedEx (for additional charge). So, we combine shipping if you order more then one item, or multiple pounds of one particular item. Flat rate shipping is $17.00 per box. All orders are vacuum sealed and packaged with gel-ice packs to keep cool during shipping. If you order multiple quantities of the same item we may send them as one piece (in this case we consider weight of your product) unless you have specified differently. Orders are shipped to all addresses on Mondays and Tuesday. In some cases we may even ship your order on Wednesdays and Saturdays depends how far away you're located from us and how long USPS's estimated arrival time to your address. After receiving your order we individually make the decision on your shipping day. This is to insure freshness. If shipped after a certain day there is a chance your order will sit in a terminal over the weekend. All orders are shipped from our warehouse in Denver PA 17517. We ship to every state in the U.S. Orders that are being sent to certain areas within the Berks, Chester, Lancaster and Lebanon countries and city of Philadelphia can be delivered by a courier service. To save money please remember that you pay a fixed shipping charge per order. So you can order 1 item or a mix of items with multiple quantities and you will pay shipping charge only for 1 item/box. We guarantee best prices on our cheeses on Amazon. To add to, or change your order go to Amazon and find our front store CheeseDelicatessen. If needed you can place a new order (and cancel existing order). If you have any questions or concerns please contact us first by email or on our cell 717.278.9681 (you may send text messages).
Thank you for your email. yes, it comes in an insulated cooler inside a shipping box with freeze packs. Regards, Margaret, igourmet
a company you can trust for good cheese
Pickling salt is a very pure form of salt. A meat cure contains sodium nitrate (like .05%), sodium nitrite(also .05%) and salt. The cure is a means of preserving meat and fish. I use Morton Tender Quick with salmon in place of the brine and smoke it for 5 to 8 hours. Refrigeration is still required.
It's a salt type product,, so as long as you keep it dry, it should last for a very long time. I have some that is eight years old and it still flows freely without caking.
No it does not. But it will turn the meat you are curing pink. Chemical creation. I use it brisket to make pastromi. One week of curing and it comes out pink.
I would say no. While I have made sausage, both fresh and cured by smoke, I don't see tender quick as an ingredient. see this link for a sopressata recipe. http://italianfood.about.com/od/curedmeats/r/blr0510.htm
Morton does not include the percentage of salt in its Tender Quick but Amazon does carry Insta Cure which can be used for making homemade bacon. For good instructions on making bacon see this video and there are others https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEki-wnrVCU
Don't see why you cant but I also don't see why you should. this product can be used to cure and brine, but if you are making pork pie using ground pork you would be better off spicing the meat to your taste and not curing it. Just my opinion
yes
approx. 4 cups
There is a difference between fresh sausage which you do not smoke, but cook and eat, or freeze before cooking, and smoked sausage which you smoke at a low temp. To get a smoke taste. While smoking, you do not cook the sausage, but you do get it warm enough to start perhaps toxic bacteria which could sicken you, hence, that's why you need to add a cure to safely preserve your meat. I believe the recommendation for Morton's is to add one teaspoon per pound of meat you use.
I have used this to wet cure/brine tongue. I dont know why you would have to use both this product and instacure assuming you are going to smoke or dry your meat
Robert, According to tech support, the indicator light will only come on when power is being supplied to the cable by the thermostat at 38 degrees or less. So in simple terms only when it goes below 38. Hope this helped. Have a great day! Chris B
Check it by plugging it to a cord and light and put it in a freezer (light out of freezer) and wait a few minutes
Well...., I've never heard a peep from it :). But I do know that the light illuminates whenever the internal thermostar has tripped allowing power to flow to the device plugged into it.
The information for this thermostat states "50 degrees" But I would unplug the cord if the temperatures were going to stay above 40.....just to save on the electric bill!
It 2.7 inches wide x 1.4 high x 2 deep (2.8 inches deep including prongs). What kind of box? Will it generate any heat?
This is a self-contained unit. The thermostat is in the unit itself. There is no cord attached.
No
I have not personally measured the on/off temps, but they claim it comes on at about 38F and then off in the mid 50sF. I would hesitate to trust it for a pet and would test it first. Check the details, but I believe this device is intended for INDOOR placement only. So it must be in a dry area that monitors the outside temp.
Not sure what you mean by a 440 heater. It will safely operate a 110 volt a.c. device on a 15 amp circuit breaker. Hope that helps.
You can, if it works. We bought three, one for greenhouse use. Only one of the three reliably works, and the seller refused to refund/replace the defective ones. Neat idea, poor execution, worse customer service. We subsequent bought a "luxWin" thermostatic plug, and thus far it is working to keep our greenhouse at 45*
No, it should not lose its leaves like that. but, ficus are very sensitive to changes in light that result if you move the plant. It is best to find a place for it and keep it in that place. I had my golden gate ficus for several months when it needed to be moved to make room for fguests at our table; it Soon afterward,started dropping leaves until thy were all gone. I gave it to a friend with a green thumb, but I don't know if she could revive it. these plants are fussy; an Hawaiian Umbrella bonsai is eone of the easiest bonsai/ house plants I have had mine for2 1/2 years with no problems at all. good Luck, Don
Don't know since we took it out of the box right away when we got it... but I can definitely say that as the fall came, all the leaves are gone now...
the round ones are 8 by 7 and the square ones are 5 by 7. approx.
It is real
I'm not sure. My tree died a few weeks after I bought it.
Yes you can...but a ficus does well with normal home humidity levels....I live in the desert and use my humidity trays for the more humid loving plants....
Fertilizer pearls. They slowly dissolve into the soil.
Yes
I keep mine indoor and have had it for about 5 months without a problem. I do have to water every other day.
They bloom almost continuously if kept indoors. Very small flowers.
I heard and have read about 5 to 8 years
Basically it holds the tree back, keeping it from growing taller. You also suppose to re pot it every few years, the tree grows thicker and you can't let the wire hurt it.
I am sorry, I am unsure about drinking it however I don't think so because there is fertilizer green releasing beads in it, and yes you can prune it to your own artistic style after it aclimates to your home after being shipped.
I can't tell you. I re potted it and it died on me. It's gone.
Mine likes the sun. I wouldn't recommend no sun.
I am guessing 4x6 in.
the 2nd tree delivered was 10" tall and is growing great. If you buy make sure you have it shipped in moderate temp. Tree doesn't like the cold !!!!!!!!!!!!
law is that all almonds are radiated unless sold locally by almond grower.
If there is no marking as such, I would think it is treated with PPO or some preservative in general on the inner lining of the plastic.
I store these in the freezer and they are just as fresh as the day I bought them. It has been nearly a year ago now.
yes
Hi, yes we can help you
First, I am not the seller. I am a customer of said seller. I don't know if the almonds are PPO pasteurized. Don't even know what that means. My understanding of pasteurized requires heat, and these are raw almonds, so I would guess not. You need to ask the seller that question.
According to their website these almonds are imported from Italy and they are not pasteurized.
Organic is very important because almonds are pasteurized. There are 2 methods to pasteurize them: heat and chemical. The chemical process uses a toxic chemical (PPO, I believe). If they are organic they cannot use the chemical process to pasteurize them.
Spain
the packaging specifies that they were packaged in a facility that packages tree nuts and grains.
About these particular nuts, I cannot comment. But for your general information and in answer to the comment by Leann McCamey: I am sorry to have to inform you that the FDA specifically allows steam-heat pasteurized almonds to be labeled "RAW" Yes, even though they are "cooked" by being pasteurized, the FDA allows (and perhaps encourages) the industry to continue to label them raw. The other method of "pasteurization" is fumigation by toxic gas (my memory is not screening up the chemical right now, just google for it) and those also are "raw", I am not sure how "organic" they are according to the USDA's definition of "organic". Of course none of this fits MY definition of safe, wholesome, raw or organic.
Raw from Italia. Delicious
Does not say anything about gluten free on bottle... Would have to call them for that info. Really god source of potassium, calcium and iron.... And taste good , that's all I know. Ja
Yes, sugar generally is gluten-free and molasses in made from sugar ... but that doesn't mean you can let down your guard when it comes to sugar if you have celiac disease or non-celiac gluten sensitivity. Most sugar comes either from sugar beets or from sugar cane. Even though sugar cane is a grass plant and therefore a distant relative to the gluten grains wheat, barley and rye, it does not contain the harmful gluten protein. Therefore, pure sugar made from sugar cane won't cause you to react if you're following the gluten-free diet. This product is made from pure sugar cane it is 100% organic unsulfured blackstrap molasses and does not affect my gluten sensitivity.
Glass bottle
Potassium 730mg, Calcium 8%,Vitamin B6 10%, Iron 20% & Magnesium 8% I hope this helps :)
60 to 90 days
The seeds are not salted, they are raw, untoasted seeds that have the outer hull removed, nothing else. You can toast them yourself in a skillet on med heat, stur constantly until they turn light brown. Add your own salt, if you wish. I use himalayan salt.
I dont know if they are from china. I received a 5 pound bag. They are extremely fresh and good quality. Much better than what I can get at the store, even at the health food store. I also ordered cashews from this company. Very fresh and good also.
Sorry do not sell, only purchase.
I used mine up to a year after I bought them. The seller would have to tell you the expiration date. I do live Ina dry climate, but I would say as long as you properly stored them in a cool environment, 75 degrees Fahrenheit or less they should be just fine. Hope this helps.
they are white-just like the ones you get in packets of hot chocolate
Yes, gelatin is listed in the ingredients.
Stainless steel mold can be used to make suckers with hard candy or chocolate. It is a small round stainless steel mold.
Depends on what you are using them for,...
You may want to go straight to the source "getsuckered.com" and ask the manufacture of them. As far as I know that is the only way to do it. Hope this helps you.
No need to vacuum; these are highly cured meats; freezer is enough, they last for months....
It really doesn't need to be removed; I do remove it most of the time just so it does not get caught in my teeth when I bite into it. The easiest way is to make a shallow cut the length on the piece you are going to use and then just pull it back; it pulls very easily. The chorizo by the way is great, it is the same you find in the supermarkets in Spain.
Palacios chorizo is all natural and nitrate free.
There was no expiration date. You can keep them for several months.
Palacios chorizo is dry cured and does not require refrigeration. Refrigeration does serve to extend shelf life, so it is reccomended, but not required.
Each bag is 140oz. Average dispense for a serving is 2oz. (70 servings per bag) However, each person may have a different idea on the amount per serving they find correct.
There are 4 bags in one case. each bag is 140 oz.
Opened it says to use it within 7 days - but removal and storage is not recommended. Instead, the manufacturer says keep it warm during that time period. Not opened - its good for almost 6 months at room temperature.
Yes
I have Gehl's too n m using El nacho grande cheese. It's not a perfect fit but can make it work without hassle. Hope that helps.
Hi, this is aged cheddar.
per the manufacture it will fit that machine.
The Maggi I received was made in China. I've used Maggi all my life, and wasn't aware this was not made in Switzerland. If you're concerned about the quality or any possible differences in taste, why not purchase a bottle and try it out? It surely is worth a try, and the expense is not that great if it's not up to your standards. I am happy with it, and my four daughters also love it.
The original MAGGI factory in Kemptal, Switzerland , is my old stomping ground. I lived 24 years in Switzerland and KNOW it is not in China. MAGGI was bought out by KNORR, in Thayngen, Schaffhausen, and probably is a subsidiary of NESTLE, also a Swiss firm.
I was wondering the same thing. $16.99 is a pretty steep price for Maggi seasoning, so it must be a huge bottle? This seasoning does have an expiration date, and you only need a few drops to make your food taste better ... Edit: Just found the same product, coming from the seller's storefront: $13.99 plus $8.49 for shipping. Same reviews, again no mentioning of the bottle's size.
If unprotected in the refrigerator, they will last as long as other fruit. Use Debbie Meyer Green Bags to extend their freshness. We use these bags for all our fruits and veggies and they last much longer.
Yes. They are wonderful.
not sure. I am only concerned about the quality and these limes are A-mazing!.they are versatile for cakes, lemonade and everything . you can tell they were grown properly in good soil bcause of flavor, profuse juice emanates from them.
Approximately 40.
Hi - We sent these limes to our son in California, and he enjoyed them. I am assuming that they were indeed key limes because he has eaten them before, and he didn't indicate that they weren't key limes. Hope this helps!
It isn't spicy at all. It isn't made with hot chili. Think of it more like a mild paprika flavor.
Its very good with meats and veggies but never tried it with fruits before.
The label on the bottle doesn't have nutrition information but there is a link to the website (http://tajin.com/en-us/content/nutrition-facts) where you can get all of that information. The Clasico seasoning looks to be 185 mg (8% daily value) for one fourth tsp. Yowza!
Label doesn't give percentages or amounts but first ingredient is ''chili peppers'' and second is salt. Then, dehydrated lime juice.
Yes, my vendor has just talk to me about introducing habanero. Please allow me 24 hrs to create a listing. Thank you
You can click on this link and choose Nutritional information. http://www.tajin.com/en-us/products
At MiAntojitoLatino
William, I am not sure as to what your question is, are you asking if you can or should use it on popcorn, my answer is that I have done so and it was pretty good. I used it as I would have used popcorn seasoning or made a combined mixture of salt, pepper and garlic and other herbs and spices to add to my popcorn. My grandson, who is 10, actually says that he likes eating or having a little taste of it without benefit of other foods. I haven't tried to to this other than when it first arrived and I wanted to see what it tasted like. I hope this was somewhere close to answering your question.
I am not at home at the moment, but I think it would be a long shelf life. It's dry spice basically.
Hi no this is powder
sorry, no idea. i doesnt say on the package. but, almost all corn is GMO
that was a really good question. while i haven't done it i think it would work perfectly!
It is Instant flour................I do not know if that is considered a pre-cooked Masa..............sorry.
I would think not. This is a type of flour specifically made for tortillas and/or pupusas (El Salvadorian dish).
Yes. The bag I received is slightly different than pictured, but you can see the "gluten free" label on what is currently the second posted photo, of the side of the bag.
Does not say nongmo so I assume gmo. Wish I had bought it at the health food store. Ours sells nongmo masa.
One jar.
No, sadly I reviewed only one jar.
The bottle doesn't specifically say it is or isn't. However I don't see any wheat products in the ingredients.
Caribbean
One large block
Hi Donald! Great question and you are not the first to ask. Unfortunately, the conch arrives from our vendor in frozen 5 lb blocks. Feel free to give me a call to discuss options. Thanks and talk soon.....Ron Manz - President - Charleston Seafood - 1-888-609-FISH
i never bothered to count how many....but call Chuck, the owner...he was quite helpful and willing to answer all my questions. His number is, 208.919.3003
You defrost conch best the same way you would defrost any meat or solid seafood, in the fridge until it's don e, around 12-18 hours, depending on your fridge temp. But remember, you'll probably have to pound this conch to tenderize it, and if it's a little frozen at that time, it will surely thaw with the pounding, unless you're doing it in northern MN or Alaska in January. Any other questions? So what are you making with the conch?
exactly one inch! they are sooo cute!
yes. i believe so...on a side note, they are quite large and not petite. like the size of a dime.
They were not in a container. They were in wax paper and then in bubble wrap.
No they will not if you put them in a sealed container keep in dry cupboard they will last forever, you need to order at lease 2 months in advance, some times things for cakes get to you fast but most of time it takes a while I order a lot of supplies for baking and found the sooner the better if your planning on a certain date! Good luck to you and enjoy they are really cute. Sereina
I didn't...I kept them in a cool, dry place and they seemed to be fine.
I don't know but I do have Larks Cak and Candy Supply's ph# 800 441 3141 Hope they are!
We used 1 Tsp per cup, and ajust the Tsp size per taste.
I am sorry, but we don't sell the k cups. I can only recommend doing an internet search to find a source.
igourmet is an online store only. I'm sorry, but I would not know who else sells it.
Yes, it is available in decaf. Here is the link to the decaf on Amazon. http://www.amazon.com/Douwe-Egberts-Ground-Coffee-Decaffeinated/dp/B002WB6GOO/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1395673900&sr=8-3&keywords=douwe+egbert+by+igourmet
You may have to use more coffee grounds than what they say to get the flavor you want. I switched to Senseo pods and the Senseo coffee pot as it was closer to the full flavor. .. but more expensive.
No these are beans.
Not sure but it taste so good.
The beans are moderately oily. I have a super-automatic espresso machine and this produced very good espresso. In my opinion it made better French press coffee...truly complex and delicious.
its a money thing
There is nothing on the bag to indicate whether it is or isn't. However, I just received a pound of the Farm Direct Blue Horse 100% Kona through Amazon's site (see above), and it clearly states that it is.
Forever.
I've used a butter knife between the bottom of the lid and the side of my thumb to pry it open. Just be careful not to spill it everywhere!
Yes
It's a luster dust. So u can mix it with alcohol and color fondant silver
The picture doesn't look the same as the bottle I received. I received an 8 ounce bottle.
Hi, ingredients water, alcohol (43%), artificial flavors, citric acid, preservatives and misc additives. My label was scratched but this is what I could read. Hope this helps. Randi
water alcohol artificial flavors citric acid phosphoric acid BHT preservative....Ilike usin it; it doesnt change your icing color....www.wilton.com....1-800-942-8881....I hope I helped you.....
No
Vanilla extract is made by macerating vanilla beans in a mixture of alcohol and water. This product is basically a scraped out vanilla beans. I like the paste better for its specks it leaves in my baked goods and it gives a stronger taste. You use both products equally as far as amounts go.
There is a small sticker on the bottom with dates 5-12-13 and 5-12-17 (I guess those are the dates of manufacture and expiration?). I have read that vanilla paste should be stored in a cool dry place (as opposed to the refrigerator, for example, which can cause the paste to break down more), and then it can last for 3 years or so.
I got this answer directly from the Nielsen Massey website: Q: Is there Bourbon Whiskey in your Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract? A: No, the term Bourbon is a geographic reference to the Bourbon Islands-Madagascar, Comoro, Runion, Seychelles and Mauritius-which are off the east coast of Africa. While there is alcohol in our extracts, the majority of this will either be cooked off during preparation or spread throughout the entirety of your dish. For instance, you may add one teaspoon of vanilla extract, which is only one-third alcohol, to an entire batch of cookies.
I am sure it has to do with shipping weight and breakage during shipment. The mail handlers are not much better then the luggage handlers! I agree with your concern. But, I bake so much, this only lasts 6 months for me. Love the product and how it makes my baked goods taste. You could always buy a bunch of smaller bottles in glass or transfer the contents of the plastic bottle to a a glass container.
Plastic
It's actually a much thicker, richer texture than extract, with actual vanilla bean, so extremely flavorful.
This is a plastic bottle with a screw top. When you open the bottle, there is no spout or device to restrict the flow of the product. It is wide open, but the paste is thick enough you don't need to worry about it coming out too fast.
From the Nielsen-Massey site: Q: Can Celiacs use Nielsen-Massey pure vanilla and flavor products? A: All our products are certified Gluten-Free by the Gluten Free Certification Organization (GFCO). Our Pure Vanilla and Flavor Extracts as well as our Rose Water and Orange Blossom Water are made using 100% corn alcohol while our Organic Pure Vanilla Extracts use organically certified sugar cane alcohol. Our Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Powder is made using maltodextrin, a modified corn starch, and our Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Bean Paste uses sugar, water, Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract, exhausted bean seeds and gum tragacanth, a natural thickener. Our vanilla beans are simply beans and contain no other ingredients. As a side note, we're proud to have been the one of the first extract and ingredient suppliers in the U.S. to have received this certification.
the package does say 1 TBS =1 TBS Vanilla extract = 1 vanilla bean but I find that I use less than regular extract. I love this product and have stopped buying vanilla extract all together - I use this product in replace of vanilla extract.
I would just say convenience. The flavor is very good. I used this in my last wedding cake and I still get rave reviews.
Yep. Nothing but cranberry in there. I mix one bottle of this with 4C water & 1.5C sugar, but I like it strong. Lakewood does make a cranberry cocktail (or some such) that's sweetened with juice from other fruits, but this one's straight-up cranberry.
I bought it because it has no added sugar. Cranberry juice may have healthful benefits.
The juice that I bought always had a good expiration date.
This link provides complete nutritional information: http://www.lakewoodjuices.com/product_detail/id-33/
yes, cold pressed, not from concentrate = best i've found!! :)
Mine was over a year from it's purchase date.
You bet it's fresh. I slapped it in the face for the last remark it made to me.
No, they were returned to the woods after the photo session.
I agree. The bunny corpse is a tad bulky to put on your key chain.
head sold separately, some assembly required.
I bought one for my rabbit. He didn't seem to appreciate it. Go figure.
Would you rather eat a live rabbit?
Use as slippers. Works for everyone.
No, this is the version 1. Hopefully in version 1.1, they will add that feature.
Cloverdale's fresh rabbits are highly sought after and command top dollar. Cloverdale has graciously offered this fundraising venture to the US Treasury as a way to help pay off the US National Debt.
hah rabbit meat's pretty good and not exactly a novel idea. comparing it to dog and cat meat doesn't make any sense. mike hunt. hehe. nice one.
I've already used a couple, but I think 5 originally. About 6" x 8"-ish. One sheet equals about 3 batches of broth for my recipes.
Package indicates that only ingredient is SEAWEED.
This isn't really kombu for eating, it's for making broth (dashi), so essentially there is no "serving" size nor any real nutrition. You steep a piece of the kombu is simmering water, then remove it before adding dried fish/fish shavings/mushrooms/whatver. It adds flavor, but no real "nutrition" in the sense of calories/fat/carbs/protein.
Korea
Even after we cut open the sealed, clear plastic package, we can just store this product at room temperature. Even if household dust fell on top of the kombu, we could still soak the dusty kombu in water for at least 10 minutes and then eat it. This kombu comes supplied with plenty of salt from the ocean. Salt is extremely bad for our health, both because it raises our blood pressure and also because salt always contains cancer-causing nitrosamines. That's why we should drain away at least 98% of the salt before we eat the kombu. Many people are worried that kombu is too high in iodine. Like zinc and selenium, iodine is a beneficial antioxidant. If you want to avoid the iodine, then simply boil the kombu in hot water for at least 15 minutes and 97% of the iodine will go into the delicious kombu soup, which you can throw away. If you want the iodine, then simply eat the kombu raw after soaking it in water for at least 10 minutes to drain away the sea salt. Like other "brown" seaweeds such as wakame, mekabu (wakame), arame (kelp), mozuku (kelp), limu moui (kelp), and hijiki, kombu (kelp) is classified as a chromalveolate, not a plant. Meanwhile, "red" seaweeds such as nori (laver), ogo (limu), and dulse are classified as plants, not chromalveolates. All "brown" seaweeds are rich in the following nutrients: The beneficial marine carotenoid, fucoxanthin, the beneficial marine polysaccharide, fucoidan, the beneficial marine polysaccharide, laminarin, the beneficial marine fiber, alginate, the beneficial marine long-chain omega-3 fatty acid, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), the beneficial marine polyphenols called, phlorotannins, several other beneficial marine antioxidants, and also the beneficial marine probiotic saltwater bacteria which cling to the surface of all "brown" seaweeds and provide a key enzyme which allows humans and fish to digest "brown" seaweeds after eating them. Without these beneficial probiotic saltwater bacteria, "brown" seaweeds would pass through the digestive tracts of humans and fish completely intact and undigested. The good news is that these beneficial probiotic saltwater bacteria will get along extremely well together with the 3 most beneficial probiotic bacteria which thrive on living, breathing green vegetables, namely, lactobacilli, bifidobacteria, and Bacillus subtilis natto.
This is refined and doesn't have much of a smell at all.
I've been using mine for about 3 months now, and it's still good. I use my organic coconut oil for everything. Cooking and hair and skin. Hope that helps.
It appears like a solid shortening only much lighter. It melts in your hand as it has a very low melting point. I have not used it for cooking, just as a treatment for my dogs sensitive skin troubles. And it works wonderfully for that ..
It is from coconut
I don't know,but surely you can contact the manufacturer directly.
I don't think it's going to rust if it only contains oil. Many olive oils are sold in cans and they do not rust.
Yeah..
It's refined! Hope that helps.
No, this comes from cows who are also fed grain. Here's from the company's website: http://www.bernardjensen.com/7-oz-GELATIN-POWDER--100-BOVINE_p_49.html. Following the cycle of the seasons, a ruminant will pick up grain as it finishes in the fields and pastures nearing fall. Its not something that bothers me but some people do require a grain free diet.
This is definitely the gelatin that is good for arthritic joints. You can take supplements for arthritis with gelatin in them but I just make jello for me and my kids with organic juice and this gelatin and everyone wins!
To Make Jello 2 cups of juice, I used florida Natural "not from concentrate." Apple juice or Lakewood or Ceres 2- 2.5 TB of gelatin (2.5 TB will give a really firm gel) I get a really firm gel because my toddler loves it...not too jelly
Bovine is the name for the biological subfamily that domestic cattle (a.k.a., cow) belong to, while beef is the culinary name for cow meat.
I think hot water, you just need to be sure to whisk it really well
Hello, Upon review, we do see that this item is Kosher. For your other inquires, we suggest contacting the manufacturer of this item directly. They will be able to assist you. Thank you!
No
Yes. More like crystals though
There are 12 grams of protein per serving.
I have, and it has worked great. I used the recipe found at http://www.thenourishinggourmet.com/2012/04/all-natural-homemade-marshmallow-chicks-honey-sweetened.html.
They are two different things. Royal jelly is what bees eat and feed to their queen. It is a very high nutrient-rich food. Bee pollen is produced by flowers and is attached to the feet of bees when they extract nectar from flowers/plants. Essentially, bees do not "produce" pollen - flowers and plants do. But bees use pollen and other substances to create royal jelly for their food. Royal jelly is full of "bee" vitamins.
It is very good for skin. I noticed a solid difference when I was taking it. The taste is very different though.
I think it must have to be refrigerated if it is fresh because if you go to they website it states right on some royal jelly products that it must be refrigerated.
I eat it so I am sure it would be good on the skin as well.
I haven't seen any improvement there.
I've never used it with tea and I'm not sure if you could. However, it says on the jar to never put in hot water, just lukewarm. With that being said I don't think you put it in tea. Also, it's best to take it between meals on empty stomach. Hope this help!
Mothers Market on beach blvd. or probably any mothers market. They carry alot of YS ecos stuff. I gotten refridgerated ones and they just don't hold the nutritional value I feel as well as one mixed in honey or freeze dried. Another place that has some YS eco stuff and others is Vitamin Shoppe. Other than that it's pretty scarce in OC.
I have never had this experience. I think you'd better ask for replacement. Good luck!
Approximately two years. I bought a new jar two months ago and the expiration date is February 2016. No production date on it though.
no...just the natural royal jelly the bee has made for the queen; this is poerful good 'medicine' for it is pure!! NO-no additives - just GOOD!
according to the label, zero iron.
There's no need to add sugar - it merely contains fruit extracts: cherry, apple, grape, peach, pear and pomegranite juices. I added a couple tablespoons to my smoothies, and it tastes great.
Yes it does.
Its a blend. See earlier comments.
no it is not
It is a thick bottle, and was wrapped in sufficient bubble-wrap.
No, it is like a syrup. I don't believe they added any sugar but it is a concentrate.
Ok I was reading through the responses to this question and to be honest the label identifies the office/ main farm to be in Illinois, USA but also identifies the Product as being from Brazil & Canada.... While I'm delighted to have some Raw Honey to keep me going I know that some Bee Farms slave their bees by moving them from one harvest season to another to keep production high... and never giving them time to rest. This in turn produces lesser quality products. Just like in any production with exhausted workers. I have not yet inquired about the care of the bees in this company but its on my list of things to know. There is a nice flavor to this honey but if you are looking for American honey... this is not the company for you. Sorry
It's thick because it has not been heated, which is why it is so much better than normally processed & heated honey. DO NOT microwave it, you are destroying the nutrients...the fact that it's unheated is the whole purpose of buying raw honey!
Bees can go from flower to flower and they don't care which flower it is. I do believe that this company, YS, has one planted flower they use or several which end up having the same color pollen that the bees use to make honey. The companies I have dealt with have one flower and only one flower they plant for their bees. If you look at the honey from Australia you will find that they have their bees go after a special flower that ends up being very dark honey. It really depends on the pollen and the flowers. Most bees can travel 5 miles so the bee farmer can plant thousands of the same flower within a area that the bees will stay in, this is how honey can be Organic, other wise most farmers will rely on the bee to find the flowers which can be sprayed with chemicals.
Personally, I have never used the product for that purpose. This is what WebMD (http://blogs.webmd.com/healthy-skin/2012/03/fruits-vegetables-honey-and-your-skin.html) reads: Speaking of honey, researchers are increasingly studying its use in wound care. All honey has antibacterial properties, but manuka honey from New Zealand and Australia can be exceptionally healing, depending on its origin and processing. For those who have never tried it, manuka honey is dark and has a strong, distinctive taste that can take some getting used to. Antibacterial activity is measured in an index called the Unique Manuka Factor (UMF). The higher the UMF, the more effective the honey is supposed to be - and also the more expensive, because pure manuka honey is always pricey. I recommend a manuka honey with a UMF of 16 or higher. High UMF manuka honey works both to prevent skin infections and to clear chronic skin infections. A recent study showed that it is effective on streptococcus, pseudomonas, and staphylococcus bacteria, even on antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections. There are even manuka honey bandages on the market. I've become a big fan of manuka honey. Last year I had a patient with a bad staph skin infection and open wounds all over her body. I tried everything, including the usual antibiotics, and nothing seemed to work. Finally I ordered gauze impregnated with manuka honey and had her use them every day. In two weeks, her infection had cleared up with no scarring. So it may be worth keeping a jar of UMF 16 manuka honey in your cupboard. Like all honey, it will keep indefinitely, so what do you have to lose? Bottom line: Fruits, vegetables, and manuka honey can all be powerful allies to your skin. Personally, organic apple cider vinegar reports to provide softer skin and mitigates acne.
I like using this honey over the liquid honey! Mostly it is easy to scoop the honey.
Glass
I have always heard that it was ok for children over 2yrs of age.
I keep both in my honey stockpile because I can't decide which is more delicious.
I was curious as well. I found this video so I expect it's a similar concept, but I don't know how much of a difference it would make for a jar of honey. http://youtu.be/fXcoM1W5kJ4
yes you can (It makes your face pretty)
No there isn't any other Ingredient in this Product. This is the Bee Pollen (whole granules). The product you're talking about is Bee Pollen and Papaya Powder. Just look at the Label and below the words Bee Pollen, you should only see Whole Granules.
We are happy to help! Upon review of the ingredients, we can see that papaya powder is also listed. Although papaya and bee pollen are not probiotics, papaya is often used for digestion support. We hope this is helpful!
No: this pollen is for consumption
No I wouldn't say good. But not awful
Yes
1/4 cup plus 1 tbsp. of Clear-Jel per Qt. of blueberry pie filling. Here is a link to instructions: http://www.pickyourown.org/blueberrypiefilling.htm
Although you can use it for jams, I would not recommend it. I believe the texture it produces to be more suited toward pie filling. I would recommend using pectin for jam if you feeling you need something that produces very "set up" jam. Usually, I rely on the natural pectins from the fruit to produce a desirable jam consistency.
It doesn't sound normal. Clear jel is a corn starch, it shouldn't have much of a smell at all.
In order to use Clear Jel, it has to be mixed with the other dry ingredients in your recipe BEFORE any liquid is added. If you try to mix it with a liquid right out of the bag, you get a mess of lumps that are hard to stir out. With that being said,it's hard to determine how clear it really is. I use it mainly for apple pie filling and it doesn't detract at all from the color of the apples. If anyone has successfully mixed it wet, I would wager it's probably as clear as jello or gelatin.
Yes, it will look very "milky" tho until after the canning process is complete. I've used it to make blueberry pie filling and before it goes into the water bath canner, it looks pretty sick very white-looking, but after the processing time, the most beautiful purple color! Only use the regular Clear Jel not the instant.
Shoot, I might not be the best person to answer this since I used mine up quite a while ago, but from my memory I would say 3 or 4 cups. It's good stuff!
It thickens like Cornstarch but is clear and can be used in fruit pie canning recipes. That's what I use it for.
I have only used clear gel for canning apple pie filling. It only begins to jel once it is completely dissolved in cold water and then heated. So I'm not sure if this process will work for fresh fruit.
If you are making a pudding that was being cooked I would say use the regular not the instant. If you go to the Barry's Farm website you should be able to find out more info.
It was designed to replace cornstarch in extended heat scenarios, like canning. Cornstarch can breakdown in high heat and lose its properties that hold a jell. I've never used agar.
This product is located under the Sweeteners section on our website. It is cheaper than the Plantation Molasses we carry because the Plantation is Organic.
unsulphured bsm has 20% of your RDA in copper. not sure why the label doesn't show it, I didn't buy this particular brand as I prefer the un sulphured, higher mineral content and better for the body.
Yes, I believe there is copper in it; however the product tasted like diesel and I could not stand the taste of it so I purchased copper supplements instead.
The package does not say contact them at www.Barryfarm.com
All molasses is processed but some may be processed with organic sugar cane or what ever else is used to make the molasses.
Unfortunately you cannot stop gray hair. It's all a part of genetics and the aging process. If you pluck it, it will still grow back gray. The temporary fix that many people resort to is hair color. Hair color will cover the gray hair for six to eight weeks at which time you will need a touch up at the roots.
it's just over a quart, it's 44 oz. (32 oz are in 1 qt.)
I use barley malt powder for baked good. It doesn't have sugar or flavorings. like malted milk powders, but does have 31 grams of carbs. You can add this to Alba shakes, or Nestles to make a drink have a malt flavor. A tablespoon or so added to bread recipes is divine. So-no sugar and no artificial flavoring-just good old malt. I use it in Alba Shakes and it DOES give a pleasant malty flavor.
Hell no. Maltose is a sugar. nutritiondata.self.com lists the Glycemic load of Barley Malt Flour at 78 where pure sugar is 100, unmalted Barley Flour is 62, & Whole Wheat Flour is 44. Read the first paragraph of the Wikipedia article on Malt about how the reason for malting (germinating then drying) the grain is because this releases enzymes that convert some of the starches in the grain into sugars. If you're asking, "Does this have refined sugar mixed in?" Well, no, it doesn't. However, this stuff itself is sweet. Grain has been malted to make it sweet from before the process for refining sugar first existed.
I don't know. It doesn't say on the package.
I empty the package into a Ball jar that holds 3 cups or 24 oz. May actually hold a little more, but the powder comes up to about the 3 cup line.
Yes, it is. I forgot how to make the malted milk powder. I had to look it up. Internet says to mixed 1 cup of instant dry milk with 3 tablespoons malt powder into an airtight container. Pour 1/3 cup of powder and add 1 cup of milk (or water). Read more : http://www.ehow.com/how_5799293_make-malted-milk-powder.html
Sorry, I don't know. However, I too would like to know. E.M.
No it is not.
Yes you can, this was the purpose we purchased it for as a matter of fact. We use it for both mead and beer making.
I don't know, I don't use it for beer making.
Not if it is very fine.
I think you would have to email or call them and ask where they source their sea weed. The packaging doesn't specify, and neither does the website as far as I could tell. Their phone number is 419-741-0155.
Several websites give recipes for using agar agar as a substitute for gluten. It is a binder and thickener in the recipe.
It depends on the firmness that you desire. Agar gels will usually range from 0.2% agar in a very soft gel to 3.0% agar in very firm gels. I've found that it is easier to work in grams instead of ounces.
I think it is 2 yrs. It should last even longer if kept cool, dry and out of light.
I don't know a lot...........but I do know that there is 0 fat and 3 calories in 1/8 cup. It is made from seaweed and I think it is different types. I was happy with the results I had with my recipe. Bonnie
It does become clear with cooking.
It's been a couple of years since I used it to make pudding. If I remember correctly, I should have made it so that it was chilled for at least 24 hrs because my grandson didn't like it the day I made it. It tasted better the next day. I don't think it would probably change the taste of what you're adding it to. I don't know what you're using it for though.
Yes, I believe you could, as long as you are using the INSTANT Clear-Jel.
I used the instant to make apple pie filling for canning, so you can certainly use it in your recipe. It sets up quickly! Personally am would just mix the raw apples, sugar, spices and clear jel together and dump it all into a pie shell ( uncooked) cover with another pie crust cut a vent in the top then bake for about 45 to 55 minutes at 400 degrees. I have been doing it this way for over 50 years!
I don't know,but I looked the list of ingredients up at Barry Farm.com. Here is what I found.List of Ingredients Cornstarch, modified
Instant clearjel sets up without heat good for fresh fruit pies and should only be baked once. (You can microwave the pie for reheating, but that's it.) So if you were making pie filling for canning, you would have to use the regular because first you cook the filling then you would bake it in the pie.
Hi Flo...NO regular cornstarch will not work. In order for corn starch to thicken it requires heat to cook it. I don't believe the Instant Clear Jel in the picture is no cook. Which means to thicken, it will require cooking ...You need to purchase "NO Cook Instant Clear Gel." Flo, checkout: Cornaby's Jam in a Jiffy - Instant Fresh or Freezer Jam Mix, No Cook, Low sugar, Net Wt. 18 oz. I think this maybe what you are looking for. I hope that has helped!
The best I remember,this product does not contain carbohydrates.You can look in the description and see if it tells.
No Knox is gelatin and clear gel is pectin
I am not sure but I think it might. I used it for pie filling that I canned. Apple, blueberry, cherry all set up,nicely.i don't think that I would use it in a merengue though.
So you want to make a hand sanitizer. I don't know if it would work, but you could try it out. I doubt it would stop the sanitizing effect of the alcohol, but I am not sure how the thickener would interact with alcohol. So far I have only used it with food products.
not much; they absorb the flavor of whatever you cook them with.
i would think you could hammer them as fine as you lke, They are dehydated, not just dry so use as breadcrumbs might be an interesting experiment,
Good Question! It's hard to say, but these awesome chunks absorb at least 5X their dry weight when cooked in broth or soup. They also expand to about twice their dry size. You'll want to cook them first anyway, because they need about 10 mins of constant simmering to totally soften and absorb liquid. So my advice is to cook a cup or two in veggie broth, then add them to the recipe when cooked. Enjoy!
They are from a farm in Ohio - USA.
Spelt is also known as dingle wheat. So what you have is a specific type of wheat ground as used as flour to bind the textured vegetable protein. Hope that helps.
Seitan is cooked wheat gluten---tvp is pressed soy beans
They are not CERTIFIED VEGAN OR KOSHER. however, there are no animal products or derivatives or animal products in it. It is soy flour, vitamins and minerals (none of them from animals).
Calories from fat per ounce is 3---total calories for 1 ounce= 94
There are other vendors selling this item. Please make sure to select the vendor you are wanting and not just adding the product to the cart.
Textured vegetable protein chunks Ingredients: Soy flour, contains Soy serving size 1oz calories 3 total fat .3 g sat. fat 0 g cholesterol 0 mg sodium 0 mg ttl carbohydrates 8.5 g dietary fiber 5.7 g protein 14.2 g
OMG, Yes!!! I make a lobster stew with it and I can't tell you how much better it is with the lobster base!!! And if you make anything "seafood" rather than "fish" or "clam", it get soooo much more flavor with this. YES, YES, YES, YES!!! It's a "must have" for any seafood dish. You may never go back to the fish.
Cooked Lobster, salt, Maltodextrin, Hydrolyzed Soy Protein, Dried Onion and Garlic, Corn Oil, Natural Flavor, Xanthan Gum, Disodium Inosinate and Guanylate, Spice Extractives.
The base is a paste consistency. No chunks. I have not made bisque but I have used it in seafood soups and pasta sauces. I will definitely keep it in my pantry.
It depends on when you buy it, I believe. I have some that I bought a couple of years ago that says sell by 11/13, but it's just fine. I have the bigger jar and I'm pretty determined I'm going to use it to the end unless it starts smelling funky. If you make seafood chowder, or almost anything with lobster in it, this gives your dish SOOOO much more flavor!!
It's from Ontario, Canada
The jar indicates it is made by Superior Quality Foods, Ontario, Canada. Their website is www.superiortouch.com
Not sure, probably about 4, as I recall. . . Same size as a small jar of French's yellow mustard.
Hello Nancy--I cut this off the Barry Farm web site (I found it when I searched barry farm cheese powder): Whey (milk), Buttermilk, Corn Syrup Solids, Modified Food Starch (corn), Salt, Dry Shortening (partially hydrogenated soybean oil, corn syrup solids, sodium caseinate (milk)), Cheddar & Romano Cheese (milk)(Cultured Pasteurized Milk, Salt, Enzymes), Sodium Phosphate, Silicon Dioxide (anti-caking agent), Corn Starch, Natural Flavor, Partially Hydrogenated Soybean oil, Turmeric Extract, Citric Acid, Lactic Acid and Annatto Extract. NOT a health food item... okay in my house for once in a blue moon treat. It may not be so in yours. Normally I stay away from corn syrup based products if nothing else, and my husband (who does nearly all the cooking) uses fresh foods/veggies, limited sauces etc. Overall very healthy so the rare 'cheese product' is acceptable. To Me. Here is the 'nutrition fact' box copied/pasted as well: NutritionFacts Serving size: 2tsp Amount per serving Calories 15 Calories from fat 5 % Daily Value * Total Fat 0.5g 1% Saturated Fat 0g Trans Fats 0g 0% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 220mg 73% Total Carbohydrate 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 0g Sugars 2 g 0% Protein 1g 2% Percent values are based on a 2,000 calorie per day diet. Your daily values may differ.
Yes I have and it is good.
I would estimate about 4 cups, whether you pack or scoop.
Serving size: 1/4 cup Calories per serving: 49 Total Fat: 2% (of daily value) Cholesterol: 6 mg (2%) Sodium: 482 mg (20%) Protein: 2 g A dehydrated blend of whey, buttermilk solids, cheese (granular and cheddar) [milk, cheese culture, salt, enzymes], whey protein concentrate, salt, sodium phosphate, citric acid, yellow 5, yellow 6, lactic acid, enzyme.
OK, OK! I found the picture I took of the other side of the bag. Here's what is on my picture: "A dehydrated blend of whey, BUTTERMILK solids, CHEESE (granular & cheddar [MILK, cheese culture, salt, enzymes]), whey protein concentrate, salt, sodium phosphate, citric acid, yellow 5, yellow 6, lactic acid, enzyme. Contains: Dairy" [Caps correctly quoted] Ignore my original post of ingredients, below (they were taken from a blurry online picture: OMG, the product picture changed again--I'm confused! Never mind--Here is what I am able to decipher from the posted blurry picture: "Cheese (milk, salt, cheese cultures, enzymes), whey, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, (something, too blurry), reduced lactose whey, salt, disodium phosphate, blue cheese (milk, salt, cheese cultures, enzymes), nonfat dry milk, citric acid, artificial color (including yellow #5, yellow #6)"
I just mix it as if I were making the Kraft box directions with a little more cheese. Than mix it with what ever type of pasta as I might have.
It is in a heat sealed plastic package. The plastic is quite sturdy, without air in it, so no chance of it popping opened it pressure is applied. Travel safely!
The ingredients say cheddar and blue cheese, which would explain the tangy flavor.
Not really. Similar to Kraft, but faintly different. Definitely not salty though.
This is what the label on the back says: A dehydrated blend of whey, buttermilk solids, cheese (granular and cheddar/milk, cheese culture, salt, enzymes), whey protein, concentrate, salt, sodium phosphate, citric acid, yellow 5, yellow 6, lactic acid, enzyme. Contains: Dairy. Hope this helps.
Your question asks about a "shipment". The front page indicates they're selling buy the 8 oz. jar. If you order one "jar" you get one jar in the shipment. If you order 4 "jars" you get 4 jars in the shipment. I don't know what else to tell you.
Mine lasts for several months - especially when refrigerated. I always run out before coming close to it spoiling.
No. Just make sure the see-through security band is in tact before opened. When I remove the security band, the top does not pop.
Paste and it is pretty salty, so with cooking use less salt in your recipe. But it is the best I have ever tasted.
The material inside the jar should be semi solid NOT SOUPY. Take it back for a refund.
680mg sodium. 1g sugar. That is per serving. There are 38 servings (approximately).
I use it frequently. Yes, it is.
This is the ingredient list: Roasted beef with concentrated beef stock, salt, hydrolyzed soy protein, sugar, corn syrup solids, flavoring (dried onion, dried garlic, and spice extractives), autolyzed yeast extract, dried whey(milk), potato flour, caramel color, corn oil, xanthan gum. As far as I can see, there aren't gluten grain products. Don't know how you respond to the sugar and corn syrup.
38
Yes
Price is not for pack of 6. It's for an individual jar.
I have no idea. But have had a lot of compliments on the flavor when I use it
No, use hot water to mix ham base, Just follow dilution instructions for the ham base. Make a roux and brown it a bit for thickening. deglaze your roasting pan with some of the ham stock, strain and add enough ham stock for the amount of gravy you want and thicken with the roux.
Almost a year.
I checked the jar but it did not say but you can go to www.superiortouch.com for product information. I hope this will help you find the answer.
no, mine wasn't a 6 pack. I bought two jars. My family was very happy with the flavor
It is powder. Be careful not to over salt. I really like it!
The only listed ingredient is sea salt...be advised that it is rather powder-like, which , I think, makes it good for popcorn.
It is white
The one I got was 16 oz., but that was a long time ago. Not sure.
Always go by taste. If a recipe calls for 1 TBS of granules, start with 1-2 tsp of Better than Bouillion, dissolved in hot liquid and go up from there. Again, go by your own taste. After awhile it'll be second nature.
a really long time. I order 3 jars at a time. on my last order 2 of the jars had leaked/cracked. so I cleaned them off and have them in the fridge. I have been using from three jars in a rotation . . for almost a year now and they are all still fine. I use half teaspoon in 8oz. sometimes add gluten free noodles sometimes Ramen.
The labels on the beef and chicken bases read "hydrolyzed soy protein." For guaranteed GF bases, I use Redi-Base beef, chicken, vegetable and ham bases.
Sorry I have taken so long to answer :) The ingredients are as follows: Vegetable and Concentrated Vegetables (Carrots, Celery, Onion, Tomato, Potato and Garlic some of these are dehydrated. Hydrolized Soy Protein, Salt, Yeast Extract, Sugar, Maltodextrin (from Corn), Soybean Oil, Spice Extrative Hope this helps...once again sorry for the delay
Yes
The directions call for 1 tsp of vegetable base to 1 cup of water. Hope that helps.
it would be 1 tsp better than bouillon for 1 cube stock/bouillon. i find it *very* flavorful and usually do about 3/4 tsp per 8oz of water to make 'stock'. i haven't used the mushroom base, but since mushrooms have that umami flavor, they may be a better replacement for meats. my husband really dislikes mushrooms, so we probably won't try it. better than bouillon *does* make a no beef stock that has a nice, beefy flavor but is vegetarian.
I don't, sorry.
Wow - never heard of this problem! We use liquid Stevia with our Sodastream fizzy water and it is fantastic. We also add flavored Stevias like lemon or Valencia orange with a sprig of mint and a squeeze of fresh juice for a refreshing summer fizzy drink. Also try flavored vinegars like raspberry balsamic+plain stevia and you would swear it is Dr. Pepper. We have used ginger, coconut, vanilla and berry flavored vinegars, mixing with the various Stevias and Sodastream fizzy water and ALL of the combos are delicious. Have fun!
I prefer the liquid stevia when using it for iced tea, sweetening my plain yogurt, etc., because powder is harder to dissolve in cold food and beverages. I have tried various powder and liquid brands and by far like the Sweet Leaf liquid the very best. Also, some powdered versions can have other ingredients added along with an anti-caking additive.
Arizona, USA
Do not know factually. My assumption is that Stevia Clear will sweeten anything, however, the flavored does just that sweetens and flavors. I would not want some flavor mixed with another. May taste strange.
Yes.
Hi Olyteddy-the bottle lists the ingredients as WATER-STEVIA LEAF EXTRACT-NATURAL FLAVOURS. I don't taste any alcohol either
Not to my knowledge. I never have and have never seen a problem.
Glass
No msg! The label reads Ingredients: Purified Water, Organic Stevia leaf extract, Natural Flavors. That's all. Should you want to investigate further contact: Product of Wisdom Natural Brands - Gilbert, AZ 85233 or 800-899-9908
I am no expert on this but I believe this Stevia is made from the plant's pure extract and I assume that it is the natural flavor of the extract.
Don't put a full bottle of this in your ejuice, just a few drops and shake the bottle and let it sit for about 5 minutes
yes. no more than a drop or two. very concentrated.
Yes you can. In fact I used this to flavor my home made e-juice. But be advised,if your making any more than 10oz ,you'll want 2 of these drams,as 1,strong as it is,is not enough to flavor the entire batch.
use eye dropper-- this product is delicious but very strong.. you must adjust recipe to fit this concentration... experiment --its fun then write amount down... good luck
no it doesn't and it actually tastes really good
Oil based
I've used it to boost the melon flavor a beer, with good results. Should work well in a cider.
Of course... It's main use is to insinuate flavor to the flavorless. Mainly used in baking...
Unfortunately you can't. The fundamental difference is that watermelon oil is made of pure watermelon , while watermelon bake flavor is essentially a flavored solution--a little watermelon and a lot of something else.
I've never made chapstick before but I imagine you can. Its very strong though so only a drop or two.
From what I understand Nutritional Yeast is a deactive yeast meaning it will not make your baking rise. I use it to make things have a cheese like flavor, often sprinkling it over popcorn and such.
Yes and it is also safe for those who cannot consume yeast because the yeast is deactivated in order to bring out the nutritional benefits. It is, therefore, unlike any other yeast and is a powerhouse of nutritional wealth.
Dear Mathew, Thank you for contacting Swanson Health Products! We apologize for any confusion. Upon review, it appears the Nutritional Yeast Mini Flakes are $13.30 for 1b on our Amazon marketplace at this time. However, it does state that his is 62 cents per ounce, which is incorrect. Please be assured we have forwarded this concern to the appropriate department to have the "price per ounce" price corrected. We appreciate you bringing this to our attention. If there is anything we can do to further assist you, please let us know! Our quality, value and customer service have made Swanson Health Products a trusted source of nutritional supplements since 1969. To help us build this privileged relationship with you, we welcome your comments and suggestions, as it is our pleasure to serve you at any time. Sincerely, Jessi V. Swanson Health Products Customer Account Specialist
I think "natural" is best they can say. This product is not "yeast flakes" it is yeast powder. I bought yeast flakes from this company for years and it was delicious. This is not what I purchased in the past for myself. This is the product I fed my dog as a supplement and to help keep the fleas off of him. Don't know what happened with this product since the company is very reputable and their products are good. My personal suggestion is to find another seller.
I'm not sure exactly but if you store it in a sealed container, probably at least 6 months. It would last longer if you froze it also.
The yeast is fortified by cyanocobalamin (one form of B-12). Two tablespoons provides 130% of your daily value. However, in my own experience, you are better off getting your B-12 from a source labelled "methylcobalamin". Cyanocobalamin seems to be the cheaper B-12 that is available in most supplements. I used it for 12 years and eventually got the "brain fog". When I switched to methylcobalamin supplements, I immediately felt better again. Hope this helps.
I would say yes. I have no proof. It is in a soft package, reminds me of fruit-snacks type of a wrapper.
This is the only information I could find on where they get their products: "Frontier sources their spices from growers committed to quality, sustainability and ethical trade. Frontier strives to build partnerships and better the lives of smaller growers in developing countries with fair pricing programs." I don't know if it's the same for their nutritional yeast flakes, but I've been using them for years without a problem.
No calcium, 11 mg sodium, cholesterol 0, potassium 320 mg, zero trans fat, zero sat. fat, bu list total fat as 1 g, 70 cal in 1/2 TBS , 9 servings per container (but I never use that much), total crabs 6 g, dietary fiber 4 g, sugars 0, protein 8g. Hope this helps you decide. I've been using this for about 3 years now, in my baking and cooking. Great stuff. As for other vitamins: zero A, Thiamin 670%, Niacin 290&#8734;, Folate 250%, Zinc 20%, Vit C ), Iron 4%, Riboflavin 590%, Vit B6 480%, Vit B12 130%
I just checked the container and yes it does have B-12, along with folic acid, riboflavin and thiamine. As the others have said at 130%. I use it all the time and enjoy the mild taste that it has.
actually, folic acid is listed in the ingredients, and on the product page it shows the ingredient list.
Yes, gluten free.
Yes totally . I did extensive research and came across it from other vegan sources . It works as a nice replacement for say powdered cheeses like Parmesan and others .
In our experience, not really. You might get away with trying to add the salt just as the popped corn leaves the popper to drop in the bowl since there may be a very slight bit of moisture present from the popping process (moisture escaping as the kernel pops) but, it is unlikely. We use an air popper, as well but, we always add some butter mixed with olive oil. Not so much for the salt, we just like the flavor. Responder " Franklin" makes a good point, though; the salt is very finely ground and could easily get lodged in nooks & crannies of a popped kernel. We just prefer more salt flavor than what we got without using a some oil.
There is powered salt and tricalcium phosphate. That's it.
I have mixed salt with oil. It works great.
do you know how to google? sure let me do it for you. i don't make this product i simply reviewed it. and its gross. What about those ingredients that sound like they are from milk, such as lactic acid, lactose, and lactate? If it's lactate or lactic acid, it's not from dairy (exception - sterol lactate due to the stearic acid). "Lac" ingredients are usually produced by a fermentation process using cornstarch or beet sugar. Lactose is always from dairy. Most ingredients made with with calcium are vegan (i.e. calcium carbonate, calcium phosphate, calcium sulfate). The exceptions are calcium caseinate and calcium stearate. Drink up the calcium fortified o.j. - it's vegan! try doing your own research for scientific questions. seriously. you want to be educated? then read!
The product info on the page says it is a three pack.
Yes
Yes, I do keep it cold.
I've had one for a year and it is as good as the day I bought it....
According to the label: Dairy Free, Casein Free, Lactose Free, Cholesterol Free, Non-GMO, Gluten Free, Vegan. (Contains Soy.) Ingredients: Soy Base (soy protein concentrate, filtered water), Instantized Rice Flour, Coconut Oil, Rice Maltodextrin, Natrual Vegan Flavors, Rice Flour, Rice Meal, Tricalcium Phosphate, Vegetable Glycerin, Lactic Acid (non-dairy), Citric Acid, Vitamin A Acetate, Soy Lecithin. Preservative Free - Non-GM. We do not use ingredients that are genetically modified. Distributed by: Galaxy Nutrional Foods Inc www.goveggiefoods.com For best Quality Refrigerate after opening. It's good stuff folks. I have celiac and this has never made me sick.
taken directly from the galaxy foods website: ingredients: soy base (soy protein concentrate, filtered water), instantized rice flour, coconut oil, rice maltodextrin, natural vegan flavors, rice flour, rice meal, tricalcium phosphate, vegetable glycerin, lactic acid (non-dairy), citric acid, vitamn a acetate, soy lecithin. contains: soy
I just purchased a pound of this and it arrived with a best used date of 5/5/2014 (2 months from now). When I asked the seller, I was told not to store it in the freezer, but in a sealed container in a cool, dark place. I'm not sure how I am going to use a whole pound in two months when all of my recipes only call for 1 teaspoon.
My understanding is that the non-diastatic kind is just a sweetener but the diastatic kind will aid in yeast fermentation and help produce quality crust and longer shelf life as well as better flavor.
No, not recommended. The malted barley and the dextrose are good, but the "other" flour portion of this product is not. If used for beer/spirits, a chalky taste will result.
No I do not eliminate sugar or honey. I use it in addition to the sweetener.
Use 1/2 to 1 teaspoon for 3 cups of flour. Helps a strong yeast rise, good texture and crust develop. Especially good for whole wheat and breads using flours other than just wheat.
The official answer is that the diastatic malt powder does the rise after most of the sugar is gone. That is, yeast and sugar start the rise and the diastatic malt powder takes over afterwards. I personally haven't seen much difference.
I do not think this would be the right product. It is predominately used for baking purposes I believe; that is what I use it for. You would want a malted milk powder.
I don't think so. It is a sweet tasting flour made of malted barley flour, maltose (malt sugar) and flour. I use it in baking, added to other flours.
It's a flour made from malted barley which is used in small amounts in baking, especially breads. Nice addition to biscuits, waffles and pancakes too. Tastes a bit sweet and like barley. It enhances flavor and fermentation. I have NO idea why it isn't just called malted barley flour.
It depends on how thick or thin you like your buttermilk. An average conversion is 1/4 cup powder to one cup water. Keep in mind that if you add 1 cup of powder and four cups of water, you will have more than four cups total. If it were me, I would add 3.5 cups of water and thin it a little if necessary. Hope that helps.
1/2 cup of butter milk mix to 3 1/2 cups of water makes one quart of butter milk.
Barry Farms of Ohio, where this product was packaged, has an extensive website. Whatever questions you have can be answered by them.
So sorry it has been too long ago since I bought it and now I have used it and I cannot tell u , so sorry.
No answer ... my question, too! Suppose Amazon could persuade Barry farms to list the shelf life of their most popular dried foods? (not flours) I'm trying to organize a "Just in case another hurricane hits ..." kit.
No preservatives, Just whole dried eggs is all.
I would assume it has the same amount of cholesterol as fresh eggs as it is powdered whole eggs. None of the cholesterol has been taken out.
I would certainly think so. It's just a powder and it really doesn't have much of a taste or smell
No. This is whole egg, in powder form. No shells
Nutrition Facts:whole egg powder..will post picture
I can't find any date on the package but I'm sure they last a long time
28 grams of sodium per 1 T serving
1 to one ratio. ie: 1teaspoon to 1 teaspoon
It says on our ten {10} oz can about 24 servings, so, I'd guess it would be about 18.
This is a paste type product. If you like spicey go for it however, if you are like me & like a little heat but not break out sweat heat go easy with this. Really good flavor though. When I can't get the zip I want in my salsa or chili I add some of this but usually 1/2 tsp is about all I need to a batch. Hope this helps.
I usually go through a jar in about a month and a half. It's been good that long. Previously I got a big gallon bucket of the same thing. And as long as it was refrigerated in an air tight bag it lasted over 8 months.
I have not tried Busha Brown's . Walkerwood's is kinda of a paste. I like to thin it with a little water or canola oil. A jar goes a long ways. For the price it is worth a try !!! My next batch of chicken I am going to add a little brown sugar and try that :o)
I found this on Barry Farms website: Carob powder, partially hydrogenated palm kernel oil lecithin. According to http://americanpalmoil.com/faq.html hydrogenated palm kernal oil is minimally hydrogenated and thus better than other hydrogenated oils, (though I'm not personally a fan of hydrogenated oils in general).
Carob powder and hydrogenated palm kernel oil. Had I have known that I would not have purchased.
I don't know, but I had to throw mine away they tasted to bad. And I like carob alot. I wouldn't recommend these ones.
No, there are no other ingredients.
I just read the back of the bag, 0mg Sodium, hope that helps.
Nothing on the package indicates it is organic, so I have to guess that it isn't.
Yes
Store it in the freezer. I have used it for 3 years and it performs great! No worries!
It works extremely well in a bread machine. Measure it the same way as for the yeast that's supposedly 'made' for bread machines. I've been using this brand for the last 10 years with awesome success in the bread machine, bread by hand and for artisan bread.
I prefer it because I can keep it in my freezer and use it straight from the freezer into the recipe without letting it warm to room temperature first (as required by most others) and not have to work about it not working correctly. That's a lifesaver if you forget, or want to make something on spur of moment. Plus, I've always had better rising from this yeast than other brands.
do it all the time.
I've never used gold, but according to SAF the gold yeast is supposed to work better with sweet doughs. In dough with a high sugar content, the sugar can pull away moisture from the yeast and the dough rises more slowly. Gold yeast needs less water to work so it gives a quicker rise with sweet doughs. With normal dough, it shouldn't make a big difference whether you use red or gold.
Depends on your recipe. The bread I make-no knead bread-calls for room temperature water. It works great with this yeast.
It's 6.89 for the 1lb bag. That's what I normally get. Hope that helps.
105-110 degrees
it is an instant yeast, works for me
Yes
There are no additional ingredients. I use mine to add extra protein to my raw bars and to my fruit shakes. You can always visit their website WWW.barryfarms.com if you'd like more information.
Amazon tells me I purchased my last powdered egg whites in 2012 and since they were in a plastic bag, I put them into a can of 'Just Whites" I had bought earlier. I'm still using them and they seem fine to me no matter what the expiration date was.
The directions call for 1 T of egg white powder mixed with 2 T water = 1 egg white. The label says 8 ounces = 2 cups of egg whites. So calculating that 16 T = 1 cup and there are 2 cups in the 8 oz bag it would appear that there are 32 egg whites in the 8 ounce bag.
My Deb El Just Whites claims to be 'all natural', meaning that it contains no artificial flavoring, coloring, additives, or preservatives. But it does not claim to be organic. By the way, I really like cooking with it - it whips up beautifully for a meringue.
the ones I have says for 1 egg white use 2 tea. powder with 2 tab. water. I try to stir it some and then let it sit for a few minutes.
One Tabelspoon equals 182mg of sodium.
I have only used them to whip up as a meringue in recipes (which they do quite well), but I have never tried making an egg white omelet with them. Yes, they are easily mixed with water.
Don't know cause I got the wrong stuff sorry
yes. Egg whites are fat free and the label clearly states "Total fat" 0.
I do not know. You could try calling the farm at 419-741-0155.
No, these are flat pods made out of paper, not K-cups.
Maybe you can use two pods of the medium. That's what they recommend for 8 ounces anyway.
Yes they do. They fit in my German Petra Coffee machine and in the Hamilton Beach one we have in the motor home...and The coffee is the best....&#9786;
I don't see why not. I use them in a machine that is supposed to be coffee grounds for an individual cup. It works just fine. (I have a pod machine in the bathroom at my house, and the coffee ground one at work, so I use at both).
The "pack of 4" means 4 packs of 18 (72 total). I, personally, buy the 6 pack (6x18 = 108 pods). Hope this helps. Linda
I have only used the senseo pods in my senso coffee maker. Do not know about the Bunn My Cafe.
dear stephany senseo pads do absolutely NOT work in keurig they are totally different, dont buy them when you don t have a real senseo coffemachine. greetings ien
See here--there's a big discussion about supply and where to buy and substitutes:
Each Amber Lyn Sugar Free Dark Chocolate bar is 34 g (~1.2 oz). Here's the nutrition info: each bar is 12 g fat (8g saturated fat), 25 mg sodium 19 g carbs (2 g fiber and 15 g maltilol, 0 g sugar), 2 g protein. These are simply the best sugar free chocolates I've ever tasted.
Maltilol 15 g per 1.2 oz bar.
170. No sugar. Lots of fat. God, are they good!
Above 65% and chocolate has to be without milk!
If you by the Family pack... then each 10 pack is individually wrap, not each cookie .... HTH
32 cookies per pack=total of 320 absolutely delicious cookies! Sooo good!
18 Aug 14
It appears to be. No animal product of any kind is listed in the ingredients.
There are no added sweetners. But it does have maltitol.
The milk chocolate bars contain a low 3 grams of sugar. The dark chocolate bars have zero grams of sugar.
18g total carbs
24 Bars in a box
No, it's a thick liquid or paste.
Here is the complete information... Minors Beef Base is made from freshly roasted, USDA inspected lean beef, with natural juices. It makes a fully seasoned beef stock or broth for unlimited use in soups, stews, sauces and gravies. Enhance the flavor and juiciness of roasts, steaks or chops by rubbing them with base before cooking. Recipes included. Each container yields 5 gallons of fully flavored stock. Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 tsp to 8 oz. water Calories 10 Total Fat 0g Sat. Fat 0g Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium 900mg Total Carbs &gt;1g Fiber 0g Sugars 0g Protein &gt;1g Ingredients: Roasted beef and concentrated beef stock, salt, hydrolyzed soy, wheat and corn proteins, monosodium glutamate, palm oil, sugar, caramel color, maltodextrin, natural flavors, less than 2% of corn oil, , potato starch, disodium inosinate/disodium guanylate, modified cornstarch, lactic acid. Contains: soy, wheat ingredients.
The 1 pound container is the smallest size that Minor's makes available. You can use as little or as much as you need and refrigerate the the rest. When refrigerated, the bases will last well over a year. So, even though you feel that 5 gallons is a large quantity, you will probably use that much over a year's period. Hope this helps.
I keep it in the freezer-lasts at least a year fyi: I make it much stronger than the directions say-mix some up,taste it,then add spices,salt pepper. I put the container in a freezer bag and as you use it,make sure the foil in on base,will keep better
Yes
Yes
We ship world wide 365 days per year. In 17 years nothing has ever spoiled. I can remember about 5 years ago, a dietitian from Arizona called to say she just got her order and the bases were about 105F (she actually took their temperature) and everything was perfect. Another instance occurred about 3 years ago when we sent a couple dozen cases of beef base to Hong Kong. It was really a slow ship to China. They were in the hot hold of the ship for over 30 days and all were fine. The products are made to withstand extended periods of high heat like what happens in a chefs' kitchen, where it can reach up to 120F. If, when you open them, you find any separation (natural liquids come to the top) just stir altogether from the bottom to the top to an even consistency and they will not separate after that when refrigerated or frozen. They usually don't freeze so hard that you can't scoop out what you need and return it to the freezer. When stored in the freezer their shelf life is indefinite. To sum up... For the few days the product is in transit there is no problem whatsoever. And, if you ever happen to lose power in your house (say for a week) do not throw out the Minor's - it will be just fine. Hope this helps.
The label states "hydrolyzed (corn and wheat gluten, soy, wheat and corn)" and sugar. It does not give %. We love the product have used for 15 years. You can also call Nestle at 800-243-8822 about this product.
They are the same. Rice Bran Oil is also sometimes called Grilling Oil because of its wonderful high-heat capabilities. It could just as easily be called Salad Oil, Baking Oil, etc... Just another way to describe it. But it is 100% Pure Rice Bran Oil. Thanks!
It is 12.7 ounces and its well worth the price, but I also use loriva and steamy kitchen rice bran oil n they all work wonders soo yummy :}
The oil maid in USA according to the label. You can probably obtain the additional information from www.honestfoods.com or call 800-584-4481
Yes it is cold pressed
I would try it
Yes, it is. I would encourage you to learn more about the different types of barley. Check out "wholegrainscouncil.org," and click on "Whole Grains A to Z." Barley just happens to be the February Geain of the Month! But this isn't the processed barley found in local supermarkets. This is a whole-grain barley which retains the bran and the germ. It is incredibly healthy to eat, and delicious, too. I use it in soups & stews. You can also add it to salads. It does require a longer cooking time (50-60 minutes) but it's worth the time. I like mine cooked with a "bite" still left to it much like eating pasta "al dente." Hope this helps, :)
Yes it was in zip locked bags. Good product, but I was disappointed that it did not include. cooking instructions and nutrition information.
To answer your question, I checked out barleyfoods.org but I saw that the nutrition info hasn't been updated since July, 2003. It is still an excellent website. You can read up on soluble and insoluble fiber and how they both help promote good health. Barley is high in fiber, especially hulled barley. But to answer your question, I looked up a reputable company that specializes in all types of grains and came up with 34 grams per 1/4 cup. Hope this helps.
One cup of hulled barley is 184 grams. So, at 28.35 grams in 1 ounce, that makes 2.465 cups in a pound (~454 grams), or just shy of 2 cups in a pound.
There are about 200-270 calories in one cup of cooked hulled barly.
Yes, they are sealed in a foil wrap and in individual boxes.
I don't know. I usually use mine within a month or so and they are fine. They are individually wrapped in a "vacuum" type package so I am guessing they have a long shelf life.
I've never had what I consider 'hard' torrone; I guess these would be considered soft. They are small rectangles, solid enough to hold their shape, but certainly not crunchy or brittle.
Yes and it melts in your mouth. They are delicious!
Yes
Sorry, but I gave this item as holiday gifts, & no longer have a box to look at. www.cento.com has a 'Nutrition Facts' label for the Torrone 18 piece Gift Box, but it doesn't list all ingredients.
I have no idea! I just know they are my favorite candy.
the individual boxes are 2-1/8 x 1-3/8 x 1-1/4 "
There are 2.5 cups in 1 pound of cream of tartar. Hope this helps. I just weighed and measured so feel this is accurate.
No
We go through this product somewhat quickly, but I store this product on a pantry shelf for 2-3 months with no noticeable quality difficiencies. Your mileage may vary. I've never tried the fridge, but I've never refrigerated cream of tartar from a store either.
Linda, I don't know why people feel compelled to answer a question if they don't know... Geez, just move on and let someone with the correct answer tell you, right? :) That said, there is no aluminum in the cream of tartar. There is only one ingredient - Potassium bitartrate. That is it, pure and simple. Also, Frontier has a lot of other wonderful spices and things like pure Vanilla extract ~ not the fake icky stuff at very good prices. I appreciate Frontier's good quality and affordable prices. I hope this has helped you. Kathleen.
Not a chemist .. have not a clue .. it delivers what I need for baking and that is what I was looking for.
not sure if it is.....
Ungrinded peppercorns should last for years if stored in dry environment. They will release their fragrance and essential oils only upon being ground. Pre-ground pepper and other such spices will lose their attributes within days.
I have mine in zip lock. so far so good. I am on my second batch and the stuff smells and taste the same as I first bought! Hope this helps! Steve
NO. Spicy World, authentic foods has statement on bottom of front of package that states, "Packaged in a facility that packages peanuts, other tree nuts, corn, WHEAT and soy."
Yes, that's why it is so bold. Enjoy !
India
It says packed and distributed by Spicy World, Houston, Texas
The Master Spice is pepper. I do recommend this product, though.
No. I put them in an glass jar that can be sealed tightly. They maintain their flavor that way.
I use whole peppercorns in making broths, then strain them out and discard. I crush them for use in some recipes. I use a pepper grinder for using them in seasoning some foods. I have never tried just chewing them directly.
Hi--- You have to be careful and know what you want to use it for. If you plan on brewing it or otherwise using it in a conventional coffeemaker, make sure it says 'granules' or 'drip-grind' or something similar, indicating that it is uniformly ground-up like regular coffee would be. I got a couple of bags from other companies, but they were little rough chunks of roasted chicory root, which are definitely difficult to grind-down. So, it was smart of you to inquire. Good-luck, John
I don't see why not. But be careful... A tiny bit of chicory is all you will need.
Yes, they are granules. 1/16" pieces of roasted chicory root, not soluble.
No
If you use it 3 or 4 times a day about a month I would say
yes.
I am sure you want FRONTIER HERBS (distributor) to answer your questions!
That sounds like a question to direct to the company . . . Most companies are usually pretty good about responding. You might even find the answer right on their website.
Hello, sadiegirl. I am assuming you wish to use this product as a fiber supplement, prebiotic or otherwise. Is this correct, by directly ingesting it? If so, you would certainly get "fiber" but any other benefit is highly speculative, unless you know something about chicory itselfs possible health benefits. If so, could you elaborate a bit? i.e., aphrodisiac or anti inflammatory or metabolic booster? Inquiring minds might like to know! I used it as a coffee/chicory blend for my coffee (common GI chow hall blend at the time) and it endeared me to its unique taste while I was in the USAF stationed in cold, clammy England. Perhaps it boosted my Chicago bred tolerance to cold, wet, miserable weather on the wind swept flight line by boosting my metabolism! More info, please! EDIT: I looked around and chicory root is listed as a probiotic at this site (http://gicare.com/for-physicians/on-good-health/prebiotics/) so maybe it would do for you. Since this is in a coffee ground granulated form, you might want to run it through an electric "spice grinder" of the fast spinning blade type. Then you might add it to food or drink. Info seems to say it passes right through the small intestine untouched like a prebiotic should, then the bacteria in the colon goes to work on it and "does the magic." Now, I've learned something too. On the down side, this is a roasted product rather than just dried or freeze dried and ground up, so any living organisms would then be dead, of course. Perhaps the colon bugs just need the organic matter as food. Bottoms up!
Unfortunately I don't have the bottle personally to help out. It was given a a Christmas gift last year.
Yes, we can. We will have notify you of the shipping cost first.
Im pretty sure it was a plastic bottle.
Yep it does!
The box (and sadly its content) is long gone, but it was pretty big, at least 50 x 30 x 5 cm (15" x 12" x 2"), maybe a bit bigger.
21 oz. per the Jelly Belly website,
No
Jelly Belly no longer makes the peanut butter flavor, most likely due to allergy concerns.
No. They are pure fruit pure with no added sugar (I can only speak for the passion fruit and guava).
It is very concentrated. I use it in my Kombucha and for a 750 L bottle it only takes about 2 tsp. for very strong flavor. I made elderberry jam and it just didn't have enough spark for me so I added 1 Tlbs per jar and, wow, ti is definately elderberry passion fruit jam and is really good. So, It goes a LONG way. I'm not thinking it was overprices for how intense the flavor is.
It's about 2 pounds of frozen puree = 30oz.
The longest I've left in the refrigerator was 4 days. I also don't use big quantities at a time... So mine stays frozen. One of those spoons to scoop ice cream works great. It allows me to scoop as much or as little I want.
On it's description it says it's also known in Hawaii as "lilikoi". Well, Lilikoi is the larger, bright yellow skin variety. Taking that into consideration I would say this is the yellow maracuja. But I can't be 100% sure. You could, google the company and give them a call. I've contact them before and was very happy with their custumer service.
30 ozs
Yes, if ordering 2 jars or less shipping is $70. We ship standard overnight with dry ice via Federal Express. If ordering 3 jars or more shipping drops significantly. Thank you, Becky Mulligan The Perfect Pure of Napa Valley
Thank you for your interest in the Perfect Pure of Napa Valley! Our passion fruit has origins from Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. It is one of our most popular, with its strong tropical flavors. It never disappoints from drinks to ice creams. Thank you, Becky Mulligan The Perfect Puree
My container says 4g carbs per ounce, 1g sugars
I think so...can't remember but it is on the website for Perfect Puree.
In a cool, dry, dark place. I keep mine in a can under the stairs...
I use the Victorio VKP1014 4-Tray Kitchen Seed Sprouter and don't have a problem. It is best to rinse the seeds twice a day - I shake them up a bit with each rinse and that seems to help them not get entangled in the sprouter or tangled up with the other sprouts. mung roots are definitely larger than alfalfa so even if you are using a wire mesh screen to strain them you should be fine. Just make sure to rinse and shake morning and evening. Additionally, you want to limit the sunlight of mung beans or they will form leaves rather quickly.
One pound of seeds will yield 7 pounds of sprouts on the average.
The label lists the country of origin as USA. The seeds were great--with a very high germination rate. If you google "Todd's seeds" there is a page on their website where you can submit questions.
Good and secure packaging.
Brocolli sprouts are a powerhouse nutritionally and contain cancer fighting properties.
The seeds are QAI certified, not USDA, and since the seeds are repackaged, they do not transfer the organic seal. The repackaging facility is not a certified organic facility (you are correct, too expensive), so the seal is not transferred.
Yes, you will receive one full pound. No idea why the shipping weight is 7.2 ounces, but rest assured, you get a full pound of seed.
It's been a long time since I ordered them. If they say organic that usually means they are.
Nothing fancy needed. I use a quart jar with a mesh screen lid. Soak your seeds over night, then drain and rinse the seeds and lay the jar on its side. Rinse each day for 3 or 4 days until the seeds have sprouted to your liking. Then eat-em up!
No&#65292;I don't have these. I have a four layer tray
yes, they are
It's one oz per jar, and 15 jars in the pack.
Mine had an expiration of almost 2 years out. I'm sure it depends on the batch but you'd probably be fine.
1 2/3 x 2 3/4 label fits in these jars. I made my wedding favor and it fit perfectly! But It's 1 3/4 height and width. Hope that helps.
Yes, if it is the red box pictured it is correct - it is a red box and called Lakerol Special Menthol Liquorice and has a green spot that says with Stevia on it. There are also many other flavors as well. You can get plain licorice as well - they spell it liquorice. Any with the Sweetened from Stevia plant are the sugar free ones.
Oops! Bad spelling: I meant black currant (cassis).
If you read the back of the package, you'll see that there is not a significant amount of anything of nutritional value, nor of anything that's bad for you. However, they certainly make my throat feel good, especially just before I sing. Mary Ellen, lead singer of the Lilac Crazy Quartet.
Yes, I found this sugar very coarse. I had wanted to use this on Snowflake cookies last Christmas to have them "glisten" and ended up smashing them with my rolling pin since they were to chunky for what I needed. I hope this helps you.
Ingredients: Sugar, Confectioners' Glaze, Carnauba Wax
They are in crystal form.
I used it on my cake which was a three tier and it worked well to make it glisten. I also added the blue Sparkling Sugar for the Frozen effect.
I didn't think so. I used these on cupcakes and they were perfect
Yes, there is a warning that states: made in a facility that also processes peanuts, tree nuts, milk, soy and wheat products.
Hi, Diane! Sanding sugar is finer granules. Sparkling sugar is bigger and shinier. I hope that helps. You are correct -- this is what you would put on top of pastries so it doesn't dissolve. I've used them on mini pie pops and they turned out fabulous! Happy baking. :-)
Yes, it states on the label that it is manufactured in a facility where nuts are processed, sorry.
The labels says it's made from California, Non-GMO short grain rice.
You could try Mochiko if this did not work for you. Not sure about the gmo. Sweet rice flour is glutinous (yes, I do know what you mean. it's used to make mochi and gluten free folks use it for their goodies also but "glutinous" doesn't mean gluten in this case. "Of the nature of or resembling glue; sticky.") so not sure why this wouldn't work. GL!
I believe it is white rice, it is much lighter in color than the brown rice flour.
There are no claims of organic anywhere on the package or website so I doubt it is "certified organic". I'd ask Authentic foods directly sales@authenticfoods.com. It is however a fantastic product and completely gluten-free (the facility does not handle any gluten containing grains). It is vastly superior to any other rice flour I've ever used, super fine grind, not at all gritty.
No, it says non GMO on the front label.
The only ingredient is rice. Full nutrition information is available on the Authentic Foods website.
This Flour must be mixed with other ingredients in order to make any type of GF flour based recipe. I am a big fan of Annalise G. Roberts. Hers was the first GF Baking Classics Cookbook I bought. You must realize that GF flour mixtures are very delicate and I have found it best to buy ready made Pastas. However if you are an adventurous soul, go for it and good luck.
Yes it is, but they have a toll free number if you would like to call to confirm yourself; (800) 806-4737, Monday - Friday (9AM - 3PM PT)
We use this for GF vanilla cakes and cupcakes. Often we use both white and brown rice - just in different amounts. This rice flour is excellent and definitely doesn't have that gritty texture in finished product. Our batter also has tapioca flour.
You need to ask the company.
That very well may be. They do suggest using a spoon to fill the measuring cup, over filling and then scraping off the excess. When I make up my flour mix I shake everything together and then scoop out the flour like a regular flour. I use the flour mix recipe in Annalise G. Roberts Gluten Free Baking Classics cookbook. This is a wonderful cookbook. Good luck.
Hello.......you get 6 bars !
Yup. But if you're in the states, and it's the only time you'll get them, once every couple years isn't too much of a splurge. It'd have to be sentimental, though. This isn't something you get more than that.
From us, 2 days.
According to google: Ingredients: Compounded Chocolate (59%) (Sugar, Vegetable Fat, Milk Solids, Cocoa, Emulsifiers (492, Soya Lecithin), Salt, Flavour), Honeycomb (40%) (Sugar, Glucose Syrup, (derived from Wheat or Corn), Raising Agent (Sodium Bicarbonate), Gelatine, Wheat Flour). That's also exactly what it says on the bar I have in my hand, too! :) [from: http://shop.coles.com.au/online/national/nestle-violet-crumble-chocolate-bar] (PS - These are ridiculously delicious!)
50g each bar
what was the question?
yes
No, but they are similar. Check this out for every detail. http://skipthepie.org/cereal-grains-and-pasta/millet-flour/compared-to/sorghum/
I received a 3lb. bag, it's been a while, I don't remember if there was more than 1 bag
I did not buy this, but based on the fact it is milled gluten free, they usually also are careful about nuts in such facilities.
Not sure what the question is. I mix sorghum flour with other flours to make gluten free bread.
I don't know. It should say where the product is described. It is a great product whether it is organic or not.
yes. Not much, but it is there.
I don't see where it states gluten free
Sugar, Water, Pickled Red Chilli, Vinegar, Garlic, Salt, Stabilizer, Xanthum Gum
Hi - Ingredients are listed as: Triple Filtered Purified Water, Maple Flavor, Natural Flavors, Sea Salt, Cellulose Gum, Sucralose, Lactic Acid, Sodium Benzoate... and hmmm... i just realized i'm supposed refrigerate after opening....
0 carbs and 0 calories and it's really great...
Sucralose is the sweetner and it also has maple flavoring. I am a diabetic and this is absolutely wonderful on pancakes and waffles. It is by far better then any in the grocery stores. They also carry a strawberry flavor which is absolutely to die for. I hope this helped.
not according to ingredients on the package (peppermint oil, soybean oil (organic, non GMO), gelatin, water, aqueous coating solution, glycerin. Hope this helps.
Yes. They are wheat and gluten free. I have Celiac and can take these without issue. I hope they work for you.
small capsules...smaller than a peanut.
0.2 ml of peppermint oil in each pill!
Yes
I have had it from Austria, and couldn't put it down! Bought it in US, with Kraft brand--not the same. It must be the water. If you like dark chocolate, try barkthins snacking chocolate with pumpkins seeds. My new addiction!
O don't know
In Europe. I think it is German.
Ingredients: Sugar, Cocoa Butter, Skim Milk, Chocolate, Whey, Milkfat, Hazelnut Paste, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Flavor.
This did not work for either of my dogs. I still give it to them for general health, but it had zero effect on the fleas. I got nitenpyram and lufenorem capsules which are actually working to stem the flea population. The dogs love the brewers yeast tablets and think they are treats, but I cannot recommend them at all for flea control.
I think is does. I been giving this to my dog going on two years and have not seen any fleas nor ticks on him. I also have a cat that had this bald spot on her back from fleas, I started giving her some and now her hair grew back and she seems healthy.
That is what is recommended and that's what I do, but I have always had smaller dogs (largest being about 30 lbs.) It does seem like a lot per dog but they are relatively inexpensive and a 1000 tablet bottle will last a long time. I currently have 9 dogs and give 13 pills daily and a bottle lasts me about 3 months. The product really does work I have used it for over 25 years and only once in all those years did I ever have a flea problem and I have always have multiple dogs (anywhere from 5 to 13 at any given time) and also live in a rural wooded area. I swear by them and I think it would be worthwhile giving them a try. They also improve coat and skin conditions. Hope I was of some help to you.
Quoting from the label: "Visit us at www.fourpaws.com Made in USA "
My 4 cats all eat them like treats. And they r spoiled Fancy Feast cats.
I don't know because I also use the topical flea medicine, but when I don't use the topical flea stuff every month as recommended, I have noticed that it helps in keeping the fleas off. I ran out a couple of weeks ago and I'm waiting for my new bigger bottle. Should be here this week. The weather is cooler so thank heaven the fleas aren't as bad. But I do like the product alot. I hope I have helped.
Not that we have noticed, To me, it takes the place of a treat. Hope it works for your dog.
You have been misinformed. My dogs take them with no problem and it really keeps the fleas away. Best money I have spent on flea control
Regular Brewers Yeast (for dogs and cats) 2 calories per tablet. Ingredients: Brewers Dried Yeast, Glycerin, Stearic Acid, Safflower Oil, Fish Oil, Ferrous Carbonate, Zinc Oxide, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Riboflavin, Thiamine Hydrochloride, Copper Sulfate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride and Biotin. Mega-Tabs Brewer's Yeast (for dogs over 50 lbs) 10 calories per tablet. Ingredients: Debittered Dried Brewer's Yeast, Stearic Acid, Glycerin, Dehydrated Garlic, Marine Lipid Concentrate, Ferrous Carbonate, Zinc Oxide, Niacin, Manganese Sulfate, Riboflavin, Thiamine Hydrochloride, Copper Sulfate, Cobalt Carbonate, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Biotin. Brewer's Yeast Nutritional Guide Regular Brewer's Yeast Mega-Tabs Brewer's Yeast Vitamins: Per Tablet Per Tablet Thiamine (Vit. B1) 0.22 mg 1.10 mg Riboflavin (Vit. B2) 0.22 mg 1.10 mg Vitamin B6 0.022 mg 0.11 mg Vitamin B12 0.033 mg 0.165 mcg d-Pantothenic Acid 0.044 mg 0.22 mg Folic Acid 0.003 mg 0.019 mg Niacin 0.55 mg 2.75 mg Biotin 0.001 mg 0.005 mg Minerals: Zinc 1.65 mg 8.25 mg Iron 1.1 mg 5.50 mg Manganese 0.22 mg 1.10 mg Copper 0.11 mg 0.55 mg Colbalt 0.054 mg 0.27 mg Amino Acids Profile: Arginine 2.1 mg 10.5 mg Methionine 0.7 mg 3.5 mg Phenylalanine 1.7 mg 8.5 mg Threonine 2.0 mg 10.0 mg Isoleucine 2.1 mg 10.5 mg Tryptophan 0.4 mg 2.0 mg Leucine 3.1 mg 15.5 mg Lysine 3.0 mg 15.0 mg Valine 2.3 mg 11.5 mg Histidine 1.0 mg 5.0 mg Crude Protein (not less than) 36.0% 36.0% Omega 3 Fatty Acids: EPA (Eicosapentaenoic Acid) 0.65 mg 2.75 mg DHA (Docosahexaenoic Acid) 0.45 mg 2.25 mg DPA (Ducosapentaenoic Acid) 0.07 mg 0.35 mg Omega 6 Fatty Acids: Linoleic Acid 3.00 mg 15.00 mg
I recently purchased Nature's Plus Spiru-tein Gold, Banana Berry Blast. I haven't even opened it yet because it is based on Chia Rice and Peas and I am prone to IBS (I'm wary of any product that is lentil based). I usually get the regular Spiru-tein high protein sans the peas, and I loved it. Anyway, according to the label on this can, even though Carbs is at 19g. under sugar it is 0. Mixed with milk it goes up to 11g of sugar. I cannot vouch for its validity, that is just what the label states. But, all in all Spiru-Tein is a wonderful product and a life saver on a busy day. I am mostly concerned with the vitamin and protein rating. Mostly, the protein rating!
no milk
Go to www.naturesplus.com. They have info on the many different flavors. Scroll down to vanilla sport, click "learn more," and you can get to the nutritional label from there. Basically, 260 calories and 100% or more if many vitamins. If its too much sugar for you, I suggest Jay Robb's protein shake or the Aloha green mix.
8 grams a serving.
I do not have a container of the strawberry variety but I have tried just about every variety of Spirutein and usually the 2.x pound varieties have at least 30 servings (I have seen 30-34 servings depending on flavor). Each serving/scoop varies in weight/grams but usually 29-32g per scoop. From what I've seen the scoops for the Cookies n Cream, Vanilla, Chocolate, Peanut Butter and Sport varieties are all the same size. There are so many size and variety combos out there it's hard to provide you specifics since I don't have the empty container. However, the general rule of thumb is ~30 servings per 2 pound container, each serving scoop is around 30g.
According to the Nature's Plus website, this product contains enriched wheat flour and it doesn't state that its gluten free, so I'm guessing its not GF.
It has bee pollen. I'm not sure is that OK for you. Other than that, its all plant based proteins. No dairy at all. Really good for you. I've been using this for almost 10 years now!
It's really not a diet drink. Its full of protein and vitamins, but it will not help a person lose weight unless they just use water to mix it. With milk, I think it up's the calories to approximately 300. It's a supplemental drink to fulfill the protein and vitamins requirements that a person may need if they should miss lunch or something. Just like balance bars as yummy as they are have a 300 calorie punch. Some sandwiches contain less calories than a balance bar.
As fresh as canned and sealed can be. The can I have presently is a 2018 expiration so that oughta tell you something, the exp. date is on the bottom of the can. My favorite flavor is the vanilla as it mixes well with any fruit or veggie I chose to blend with it.
Sorry Amy, it doesn't show which product you're speaking of is it the spirutein?
Chicory must be prepared first. Consistency of grounds.
Yes, chicory does not have caffeine, however it is super bitter and really does not taste like coffee, but I suppose it could be good in tea too. As a coffee substitute though, probably not.
Yes, we did, adding a tablespoon to my regular coffee to add the chickory flavor. I think it worked a bit better in our cold brew system but it does work for hot pour over.
The package says that it is not irradiated.
You'll need to discard the root, it's not instant.
I think it is low acid. I hope this will help.
Chicory root is gluten-free. http://www.livestrong.com/article/511684-coffee-substitute-for-the-gluten-intolerant/
It is in granules, like coffee grounds. Not a powder.
Just boiling it is useless. Mix with other grains, pre-cook it up to 15 mins, chill, add spices, eggs, form burgers, then lightly fry. You'll never forget this!!!
I think it has a bit nutty taste, which makes it interesting and more rich. I found myself enjoying this grain, because compare to some other grains Amaranth has more taste and flavor. I cooked it in different ways: with milk and some honey for breakfast, with mushrooms for dinner. Also, I think Amaranth is suitable for both, breakfast and dinner, it just takes more time compare to Oatmeal to prepare :)
It does not say "gluten free" nor it says "processed in a facility that also processes wheat"
I bought mine a long time ago but if wasn't expired
Hi Millie. I really hate it when people who don't know the answer answer anyway. It's so useless. Anyway - yes, you can cook it in a rice cooker. Thru trial and error I've discovered that pretty much any whole grain can be cooked that way. I have a small rice cooker and figured out that if I stick to 1 cup grains to 2 cups water it's usually fine. Amaranth doesn't have to be rinsed first but make sure you read the package of any other whole grain to see if that one does need to be rinsed.
Edited - I got it to sprout! It actually did pretty well. I had them outside, full morning sun, kept them moist, and I felt like it was a good percent of them sprouted. I think I am going to do it again in the spring and start them in a seedling tray, but with plenty of warm weather!
Hi! On the package they said "USDA Organic" and that means that the product supposed to be GMO free. Also, the grain itself is rare, not that extensively used like soy beans for example. Usually they would modify (GMO) something more commonly used. I haven't even heard about modified Amaranth!
I have only used it as a hot cereal. There is nothing on the package to indicate that the grains can be sprouted. Sorry I can't tell you more than that.
Honestly, since this doesn't really expand much I will put this in my soups when I use my slow cooker. Casseroles when I am baking. I've even added it to my rice in a rice cooker. You just have to make sure it is in liquid to soften up. Hope this helps.
Yes, you can make flour, pop it, or cook it.
The marketSpice tea has no sugar and has a great orange smell and flavor that compliments the cinnamon. Best flavored tea I have ever bought or tasted.
Tea bags come boxed \. Each is a normal tea bag. I usually put them in a tea tin. A word of warning, do not store in a plastic container or in anything enameled. The citrus oils in the tea bags will ruin them.
It is SO much better. Great cinnamon taste. It is stronger than Constant Comment and I love the flavor. The best part is you do not need to add sugar. I am so happy that I can buy it on Amazon because it has become one of my favorites.
I can confirm that this is from Pike Place Market in Seattle..I first had it there in 1977 and have searched for it off and on ever since moving from Seattle after finishing my degree from the UW. This is the real deal. That said, I do not sell it..I am an Amazon customer who buys it. Why the price differential? I dunno!!! Sorry I can't be more helpful. The tea is delicious, though!!!
Yes, they are round bags but without strings. They are packaged in a round tin that keeps them fresh. I like the flavor very much and plan on also trying another flavor.
No! According to the label, it's caffeine free.
No, it's very mild and soothing. No clove or cinnamon taste at all or even tea. Just a cardamom brew.
The packaging only says "cinnamon" without other explanation. It says "for questions, you can write The Minister of Supply, P.O. Box 1589&lt; Novato, CA 94948-1589." There is some poetic reference to India on the packaging, but it pertains to the cardamom. About the cinnamon, it only says "derived from the bark of a small evergreen."
We are in the process of adding more teas on a weekly basis. I can suggest that this be one of them. Thanks!
It is instant coffee! You can use a cup of hot water and just mix it with sugar. You can shake it in a shaker (a small amount of water and a normal portion of coffee/sugar) and make your frappe! You can do whatever with this thing :)
To my taste buds Greek Nescaf is as close to the real deal that my YAYA drank I buy it I have tried Nescaf Classico and it taste like instant coffee NOT like Greek Nescafe
One can is $9.99 plus shipping. One case of 12 cans is $104.00 plus shipping.
Decaf has green lid.
Yes, it does.
It comes in the cubes.
I just threw an empty box away a few days ago do I don't have one to refer to, but I'm pretty confident that it is not gluten free. Flour is one of the highest ingredients. I think you aren't likely to find a boxed or powdered sauce mix that is gluten and msg free, but I wouldn't think it would be hard to make from scratch. I've done it when I was out of this mix. Cook garlic and onion in a pan with the oil of your choice, add sweet curry powder, stir for a couple of minutes. Add chicken stock, bring to boil, thicken with something gluten free..... I use flour but maybe corn starch slurry?
Walmart in my area of NC stocks the medium hot.
water, soy sauce, (water, soy bean, wheat, salt), sugar, sweet rice wine, dried bonito, alcohol, salt
1 tablespoon would make about 2 servings of soup so about 100 mg.
Japan. Hope that helps, good dipping sauce for Soba noodles!
Yes, after opening
I add to taste but it doesn't need much and you can use it straight up.
There is no taste of hot peppers or chili peppers. I don't know if it contains any capsaicin though, so if you're allergic please check the ingredient list.
I'm not sure exactly what the answer to this question is, but this it what I do know. It doesn't say on the package where the sunflower seeds are from, but I'm guessing they are from the US since it doesn't say they're from China or anywhere else. I don't know the area or state they are grown in, but I bought them from Net Rush on Amazon, and the package says they are distributed by Now Foods from Bloomingdale, IL 60108 USA. Hope that helps.
Thank you. We will work to get that corrected.
Good question. The label, which should be visible on Amazon's page, is partly obscured by the bar code label. So, I do not know the answer.
Don't have any in my house right now, so I have no idea about any of those questions.
They were manufactured at the end of 2013 and kept in control climate conditions so you keep them at 80 F you can keep the wholesomeness for 3 more years
Single meals does not come with heaters but if you order from us we will give you one for free. juts add it in the order notes
It comes in a sealed cardboard package and inside the cardboard is the sealed pouch that MRE entrees typically come in. The cardboard box itself is not in a vinyl/PVC package though.
For $2.75 should be just one. Not sure what the quantity 18 refers too.
No. It is just the package of food. Nothing else. Sorry it took so long to respond
I have two packages and neither specify the country of origin. I looked on Olive Nation's website where they sell JR Mushrooms and they also do not list the country of origin, writing only that, "It is important to note that the variety is no more exclusively Italian, French, Bulgarian, Chinese or anywhere else they are grown. Excellent porcini mushrooms can be found naturally growing in a wide variety of habitats throughout China, Europe, North America and other parts of the Northern Hemisphere. So remember that while the Italians have to be given a lot of credit for spreading the fame of the boletus edulis by giving them the simple name porcini, which by the way translates to `little pig or piglets', there are other areas of the world where these delicious and flavorful gems grow in pristine forests. With globalization more and more porcini are coming from these areas for cooks to enjoy and savor." I have had great success with these mushrooms and continue to buy them, but I suspect they are imported from several countries.
They are dried mushrooms. They will last forever if you keep them dry. I've had some varietals for over two years now.
Only porcini is listed, no classifications listed. That being said, they are very tasty. I do a one minute soak, refresh boiling water, then longer rehydration; but, i can smell some acidic based preservative. Hope that helps.
The seller says Italy. Personally, I don"t think it matters. The mushrooms are good.
Did not see any in my order. I keep it in a large ziploc after opening and it's been fine.
The Lemon Pepper has 20mg sodium per 1 1/2 cups dry. Roasted Garlic probably about the same. I don't have roasted garlic at this time to check the package.
24 grams with 6 grams of dietary fiber for net grams of 19. The serving size is 1 1/2 cups.
Yes, I think it is for one bag. If you buy it in bulk, say 3 to 6 bags, it is usually cheaper per bag. You can go to the actual al Dente website and get it cheaper by the bag, but they add shipping costs, so it runs close to the same. It is really good and has quality ingredients. Also, some Walmarts and several grocery stores carry it.
Hi Tech Reviewer, Unfortunatley, there is no OU or other Kosher certification that I can see. Take care, canegirl
Bernadine, This is what is on my bottle: OliveNation LLC Charlestown, MA 617 580 3667 www.OliveNation.com www.JRMushrooms.com There are no marks on the bottle to indicate it was imported from outside the USA, but I would contact the company to confirm.
Ingredients: natural maple exact, alcohol,water, natural caramel color.
What are the ingredients? Is this gluten-free? Please list the ingredients for all food items since people can be concerned about specific items.
Here's the poportions I use. 2 cups raw sugar, 1 cup water, 1/4 cream of tartar (Prevents crystals) and 2 tsp extract. When I made it with white sugar, it was a little one dimensional, and brown sugar took over. This syrup Is on the mild side as I live overseas and am hoarding my supply. If you want more if a maple punch, I think you could add 1-2 more teaspoons.
I have not refrigerated it, keep it in a dark, cool pantry, tightly closed and it is fine. Good luck
Hi Tech Reviewer, Unfortunatley, there is no OU or other Kosher certification that I can see. Take care, canegirl
Bernadine, This is what is on my bottle: OliveNation LLC Charlestown, MA 617 580 3667 www.OliveNation.com www.JRMushrooms.com There are no marks on the bottle to indicate it was imported from outside the USA, but I would contact the company to confirm.
Ingredients: natural maple exact, alcohol,water, natural caramel color.
What are the ingredients? Is this gluten-free? Please list the ingredients for all food items since people can be concerned about specific items.
Here's the poportions I use. 2 cups raw sugar, 1 cup water, 1/4 cream of tartar (Prevents crystals) and 2 tsp extract. When I made it with white sugar, it was a little one dimensional, and brown sugar took over. This syrup Is on the mild side as I live overseas and am hoarding my supply. If you want more if a maple punch, I think you could add 1-2 more teaspoons.
I have not refrigerated it, keep it in a dark, cool pantry, tightly closed and it is fine. Good luck
Perfectly, just don't go too strong.
Ingredients simply say "Pure cinnamon leaf oil"
I believe it would, but you might find Essential Oils to be less expensive.
I add it to my whiskey. Tastes really good.
I pulled a spec sheet from the Olive Nation website and it said it was made in Sri Lanka which is where Ceylon Cinnamon grows so it sounds like this is the real deal. I will be putting my order in soon.
Cinnamon from Sri Lanka
It is so powerful that I cannot imagine anything tolerating it in it's pure form.
This is very strong stuff. Atleast I think it is. Great for cinnamon drinks, candy etc. and I am talking using very little for the cinnamon taste and smell. I really don't think using it on the skin is very wise. It is not like any body cream or butter that I know of. I is a favoring oil, not a rubbing oil.
This is food grade cinnamon oil and is used in food. It is kind of strong and must be diluted to drink or for food. On the skin I don't know.
The bottle only says Charlestown, MA 617 580-3667. I only use this oil for fragrance, it is not for ingesting.
Perfectly, just don't go too strong.
Ingredients simply say "Pure cinnamon leaf oil"
I believe it would, but you might find Essential Oils to be less expensive.
I add it to my whiskey. Tastes really good.
I pulled a spec sheet from the Olive Nation website and it said it was made in Sri Lanka which is where Ceylon Cinnamon grows so it sounds like this is the real deal. I will be putting my order in soon.
Cinnamon from Sri Lanka
It is so powerful that I cannot imagine anything tolerating it in it's pure form.
This is very strong stuff. Atleast I think it is. Great for cinnamon drinks, candy etc. and I am talking using very little for the cinnamon taste and smell. I really don't think using it on the skin is very wise. It is not like any body cream or butter that I know of. I is a favoring oil, not a rubbing oil.
This is food grade cinnamon oil and is used in food. It is kind of strong and must be diluted to drink or for food. On the skin I don't know.
The bottle only says Charlestown, MA 617 580-3667. I only use this oil for fragrance, it is not for ingesting.
They are plastic
Hello, We ship only to Canada and the contiguous U.S., so unfortunately we do not ship overseas. Happy Cooking! Aashika Mehta Ethnic Foods Co. 952-593-3000
Sriracha hot sauce is a sauce, not a paste. Since I have never tasted chili bean paste I don't know how it compares, in how hot it is, to the Sriracha hot sauce. I like it a lot, and Rachel Ray uses it in almost everything she cooks.
If you click on the link for this product and look to the left of the screen, you'll see a picture of the side of the bottle that clearly lists the ingredients.
It's up to you - Sriracha will not spoil if it is not refrigerated. However, the temperature does make a big difference in the taste. Personally, I prefer Sriracha at room temperature but my Dad always keeps it in the refrigerator. You should try it both ways to see what you like.
You can use the same amount. They produce similar flavors with the same quantity in baking.
Depth of flavor. It's kind of like comparing raw sugar to white sugar. I use nothing but Molina!
The ingredients list: water, 2% pure vanilla extract, 1.8% ethyl alcohol, propylene glycol, vanillin, ethyl vanillin, caramel color and potassium sorbate (as preservative).
No
I bought this product thinking that is was pure Mexican vanilla, but in my opinion, this is just regular vanilla. I was expecting this vanilla to be stronger than usual, but is not.
It may be gluten free depending upon what the source of Alcohol is. Molina is my favorite brand of Mexican Vanilla too. I am going to make my own because I am also strictly gluten free. "Alcohol" is the common top ingredient in most extracts and it can be distilled from grains. I have researched recipes & it appears easy to make, but you MUST buy vodka made from corn or potatoes.
I ordered it a few days ago and received them Wednesday, when I ordered it was a 5LB listing, no pack of 6. My guess it's a glitch, my order still shows one 5lb bag when I click on it though it takes me to this page. Somethings messed up, plus look at the shipping weight, 5.1LB
I normally like pretty spicy foods, but these were almost too hot.
Green peas, glutinous rice fkour, corn starch, sugar, salt, soybean oil, wasabi, artificial colors:US FD&C Yellow 5 & blue 1
It is not labeled as being gluten free.
I never had that problem--they were good to the very last pea! All of them were evenly coated and tasted great.
Yes, it has sugar but don't know if it has wheat byproducts.
I have two bags at my desk at work ... the ingredients of the wasabi peas from Hoosier Hill Farm are: Green Peas, Glutinous Rice Flour, Corn Starch, Sugar, Salt, Soybean Oil, Wasabi, Artificial Colors: US FD&C Yellow 5 & Blue 1.
Bag indicates Hoosier Hill Farm which has a website - www.hoosierhillfarm.com/ - that has "about us" info listed. Verbiage gives the general impression that everything is of United States origin, but doesn't specifically say it. Suggest contacting them direct via email at: csr@hoosierhillfarm.com - their web page indicates they will respond to your email as quickly as possible.
its a Amazon FBA question, please contact Amazon about it
I use it to make sugar scrubs for my skin. So yes, you can :) It's a little heavier oil so you may not want to slather yourself with it though.
My can doesn't have an expiration date that I can see. I haven't had a problem with it. I opened it on the top. The white tabs lift up and you twist it off. Hope that helps!
Lynn, I looked over the entire can and cannot see how it was processed. There is no mention. Perhaps it is not required in Italy.
To my knowledge it is pressed, no chemicals
The oil is Italian, I am very pleased with it and it makes wonderful biscuits,
If you do it is best to cry either next to it or below it. Crying over it is useless.
I don't know. I cannot get them to fit through the opening in the top of the jug.
Not outright, but I'd sleep with one eye open if I were you.
It is better not to ask such questions. The last customer to do so was "Corrected". It's much better just to order the milk and enjoy it.
Dog! You can get the non-dairy version from your faucet. Of course, it may taste somewhat watery, but that's the breaks you get when dealing with substitute products. Enjoy!
Seriously! There were over a thousand, and many were some of the most entertaining reviews I'd ever read on any product ever! Amazon: what's the deal?
I like this milk, oh yes I do, it comes in gallons, white not blue. You can drink it from a cup, you can sip it, you can sup. Have it with a little ham, have it with a bit of jam. I like this milk, oh yes I do, and if you try it, you will too.
Carefully, and not while betting against a Sicilian.
You are confusing product and consumer. The product is neutral. If you purchase it at that price, perhaps you should be questioning whether you yourself are a bit too high.
While milk is not the answer. While milk is the question. The answer is yes.
Yes, we do!
I didn't know, so I googled it and I found a website that apparently tested the Harina Pan and they said that it is gluten free. It does have wheat, but not gluten.
Colombia. Masa from Mexico would be MASECA
Our price for a pack of 3 is $9.05 which is a bit over $3.01. We try to offer availability and fair prices to our internet customers whenever possible. I believe this to be a fair price for the Harina based on the cost of the product and the market we are in. Our store, The Flavors of Miami, actually sells it for the lowest price in this market. I don't know the competitive situation in your area for supermarkets and bodegas and why they sell for the price they do, nor do I know how much the factory distributor charges them for the product. I am happy for you, that you were able to find such a good price for this product; I would encourage you to continue buying and saving money whenever possible.
Hi, at this moment we are not setup to ship internationally, we'll email you as soon as we have more information. andres - natural coner
Ingredients on bottle: Water, soybeans, salt, alcohol (to preserve freshness) NO GLUTEN....NO MSG
The big white label (http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41HTnraBxLL.jpg) say "Gluten Free". My lab is not up to snuff for testing for it, so I believe we'll just have to accept that.
the Reduced Sodium San-J Tamari has 710mg (NOT Grams) of sodium in a Tablespoon (not a teaspoon) @ 29% Daily Value compared to 940mg/TBsp @ 39% DV in the regular product. there are 3 teaspoons in a tablespoon, so there would be about 237mg per teaspoon. the Reduced Sodium San-J Tamari label claims the regular product has 980mg/TBsp and that the reduced sodium version has 28% less sodium.
yes it is 2014
I don't think so. I believe it is regular vegetable oil.
Unsalted, nothing added -- just authentic Passover matzah. Good stuff!
As a Christian and a Gentile, I must be very careful with my response! I believe that the only two ingredients permitted in a Passover Matzo is Passover flour and water. (I happen to like matzos of all varieties.) Peter Jessen (Presbyterian Pastor)
5mg/serving for the whole wheat.
The ingredients r passover flour and water. I don't if anything else is added.
Hello Rachel, Although there are 6 grinders in a case, you can buy a single one for $8.19 each. Thanks for your interest!
Last Checked these were glass jars. Manufactures do change the Jar with out informing us until we receive the product. Please Consider "This,That & WhatNots" LLC for your purchase
I am not able to find out anything more specific other than this is a product of Italy. Hope this helps!
It says product of Italy on the package. Company address is in Florence.
I don't see why not. The only ingredients listed are peanuts and salt.
I wouldn't know for sure, but I wouldn't look at this kind of product solely by the caloric numbers it provides. It's very low in sugar and carbs and that is most important. Calories from peanut butter oil is considered good for the most part--you just don't want to go overboard (like anything else)
Not a good price. This appears to be for ONE jar.
Smucker's Natural is in glass jars. Typical "use by" date is 12-18 months from my experience
No this is for the creamy version. It has 2.5 g of sat fat or 12 percent. Thanks, Nick
A 1/4 teaspoon is 290mg of sodium. Know that this salt has a taste that gets some getting used to. I never acquired a taste for it.
I'm looking at my container right now. This is the list, in order of appearance on the label: Salt, Potassium Chloride, Calcium Silicate, Magnesium Carbonate, Dextrose, Potassium Iodine. I have a special purpose for this salt. For food, I use high-quality, unbleached French sea salt or Himalayan salt or Herbamare which is a great salt/seasoner. Hope this helps.
Yes, it does. It contains 350 mg. of potassium per serving (1/4 tsp. of Morton Lite Salt).
It tastes like normal salt to me, but I have been told my palate is not that refined:).
I only received 1 12oz bottle
No
Hi Dear Customer, We are selling the product for $7.85. Thanks, AFFORDABLEBUY.
Hi Willy I ship Internationally daily. I can ship to Indonesia !! Please visit my Amazon store at http://ChiliFiestaGourmet.com !!! THANKS Peter
1 12oz bottle
I didn't order a "1pack", I simply ordered 4 bottles. So, I am not sure of the answer to your question.
It does not.
salt, flavor((Hydrolyzed corn protein) suar,2%, or less of Silicon Dioxide,Natral Flavor,Whey Powder, Lactic Acid, Chicken fat, Disodium inosinate, disodium guanylate, Dehydrated cooked chicken, turmeric, Onion powder,garlic powder
The label states that there is no MSG added, but has naturally occurring glutamates
One container with 25 cubes.
Where?
I got one can.
no it is only one can
I am sorry I don't have the canister here, it is at college with my daughter. Perhaps you can google the contents. Sorry. Have a good night.
One Can.
The box is just wax lined, kind of shiny cardboard like a milk carton.
Here is the ingredient information: Nutritional Facts: Serving Size: 1/2 cup Servings Per Container: 6 Calories: 28 Calories from Fat: 0 Total Fat: 0g Saturated Fat: 0g Trans Fat: 0g Cholesterol: 0mg Sodium: 5mg Total Carbohydrate: 6g Dietary Fiber: 2g Sugars: 4g Protein: 1g Vitamin A: 15% Vitamin C: 25% Calcium: 0% Iron: 2% - See more at: http://healthyheartmarket.com/pomichoppedtomatoes.aspx#sthash.8rr5GIjZ.dpuf They are just tomatoes in a BPA free packaging. I love these!
from most of what i read and experienced,,,yes,,,,shelf life is pretty good too changing answer. hmm, sorry, but It doesn't actually say organic. However, seems its the best choice out there. Other comments here are appropriate.
Yes, this product is 100% pure sun-ripened tomato from Italy! Completely gluten-free.
I bought my case of POMI tomatoes about two months ago and their shelf life is until 02/2015. Once opened I store whatever remains in a glass container which can be kept in the refrigerator for ten days.
I think it would make it taste watered down. I would stick with fresh tomatoes or fire roasted canned tomatoes. These would be good for pasta sauces.
The container says it is BPA free.
They are just like any canned food, have been par boiled for canning. Believe you will not be able to eat any packaged food if you only eat raw, as cooking or pasteurization is part of the packaging process.
Pom Chopped Tomatoes are 100% Italian tomatoes. Our Pom Strained and Chopped Tomatoes do not contain added acids. Pom contains citric acid because is naturally occurring in the tomato. After the washing of fresh fruits &#8594; blanching [high temperature for a short time in hot water and then a passage in vacuum to permit the separation of the skins from fresh fruits] and the peeling [on skins separators, a sort of rollers] , distribution belt , sorting of peeled tomatoes (manual inspection to remove not peeled tomatoes and also green/black pieces of tomatoes) &#8594; dicing &#8594; draining &#8594; optical sorting &#8594; mixing and tanking &#8594; pre-heating &#8594; sterilization &#8594; filling machine.
I have never noticed any seeds in mine but have seen a bit of skin a few times. The tomato chunks are fairly small.
As someone who has purchased this item, the label reads, "brewed in Walworth, WI". So, yes.
Mine had a long exp. date, it will just be up in November and I've had it for many months, the place of manufacture is Walworth, WI. Hope that helps.
Soy has just been recently approved to go GMO by the USDA. This product still has the Good Housekeeping seal of approval if that is worth anything any longer. Nowhere on the label does it say organic. It still tastes the same as it always has. You might try EWG since they give the pesticide levels in many popular foods. High pesticide levels means it GMO. Search for EWG - Environmental Working Group. Hope this helps a little.
Yes it is.
I have not tried that one. To me if you love more lemony taste this will do the taste buds happy. :)
This price includes special shpping and handling to South Amrica I am sure that there are other seller that has a regular and modest handling and for that a much better price But Thanks for asking
yes, it has red 40
It is a sugar sweetened Lemon FLAVOR powder mix.
Unfortunately not, Amazon system does not combine the shipping rates. It will be charge individually.
Late spring I think - they'll tell you if you call, and maybe give you an update on fixing the problem.
The Stevia plant is grown in China but the products are manufactured mostly in California. I have been using this for years and found it to be the only stevia that is not bitter and does not give me stomach aches. The company does a lot of lab testing and does their due diligence.
08/16
Solid light is denser and lighter in color. I sometimes think there is more flavor to the Genova Tonno Olive Oil. But both are very good! I no longer buy other tunas. Plus, these are much more healthy
This product is canned and owned by Chicken of the Sea...originally a San Diego company. You can check out their website for info on where it is caught. It is wild caught and not farmed and it is caught dolphin and shark free. Here is their site for more info:http://chickenofthesea.com/index.aspx
since I found out it is not from Italy but instead from Thailand, I don't order it anymore. I don't trust Thailand's food inspection
Yes this is premium.yellowfin tuna the taste is very distinctive the flavor is very smooth not salty like American tune companies . Tour tastes buds will thank you
Hello! I'm sorry but I don't use the tea. I take the capsules ( although I think drinking tea is more beneficial)
Powder
We have stored it in the refrigerator for two weeks and has been fine, don't know beyond that time. Be sure to use a glass Jar or Jug to store.
Vit. A 110 out Vit. C 1 MG Proprietary blend 2 g Burdock root /sheep sorrel /slippery elm Indian rhubarb
Yes. You get 3 8-packs.
i think it's at least several months since i bought some and forgot it in the closet. with sparkling sodas of any kind as long as you either keep them unrefrigerated or keep them refrigerated they keep their fizz. it's taking it from cold to warm that makes them go flat.
According to the can, no.
Maybe. It's unsweetened, though, and pretty fizzy.
Yes it is, sprokfoods uses ir in their recipe
They do have organic flours, and they all say so on the container. This does not say certified organic ANYWHERE on the label. There is a Hodgson Mill Organic Wheat Gluten however. I find that if it doesn't say organic, it isn't. I bought the Hodgson Mill because of that.
Yes, on the bottom it reads 21MAR15A1, second line 08:24. I dumped the contents but kept the box in case any questions arose and then forgot to throw the box away. I only used the gluten one time and it really made the bread taste stale so I discarded the bread.
All of their flours are organic so I would guess that it is GMO free. However this is not stated on the box.
I primarily add wheat gluten to my bread recipes which provides the extra gluten that whole-grain loaves need to rise their highest. It's particularly helpful in loaves that use low-gluten or whole grain flours, such as rye, oat, or buckwheat. I have no idea what it will do for noodles. Give it a try, and let me know if it improves the noodles. I am sure it would improve the elasticity of the noodles. Gluten provides yeast bread's structure, and helps it rise and stay risen.
I'm not sure and since I am not allergic to nuts I didn't pay attention to the packaging when I used this product. Sorry I couldn't help you.
Nowhere on their website does it say anything about grass fed cows. Amish "style" rolled butter, not made by anyone Amish that i can see. I was on Minerva.com
Yes, it is. Maybe a little saltier than "store-bought" butter. Definitely has a much richer butter flavor than store-bought. It's the best!!!
Yes, on their website, minervadairy.com
Do I know it is not organic? No, I do not know that; however, it seems safe to assume that it is not organic, because the package does not say it is organic. I believe if it were organic, the maker would probably put that on the packaging.
Yes it is and very nice one
NO.......A lovely folded card is tied to the neck of the bottle....Chadille
It is Grade A Dark Amber PurNatur. Best regards, Margaret igourmet
It has 160 mg, which is way less than the reduced sodium soy sauce in my frig (550 mg). Even with no salt added to this stuff, it's still really salty. I even water it down a bit.
I got mine about Feb 2014. It expires March 2016. I am sure I'll empty it before then as it's very good. I refrigerate mine.
The only reason I'm aware of is that there is no added salt. All the sodium is from the ingredients which is more natural. That's what I gathered from the Bragg website.
I'm not sure. You have to be careful because it has a high sodium content, I love it but I use it sparingly
160mg per 1/2 teaspoon. I.E., 320mg per teaspoon. Quite a lot, actually. But that doesn't tell the whole story, see my review on Bragg's Liquid Aminos.
"Bragg Liquid Aminos is a Vegetable Protein Seasoning from Healthy, Certified Non-GMO Soybeans from the Original Formula by Health Pioneer and the Originator of Health Stores, Paul C. Bragg"
Nope! Have you???
Yes I do ship to APO's
braggs is a great healthy alternative to soy sauce with the same taste.
According to their website the majority of their products are US based, but they do get some from Canada and South America. They claim that they steer clear of sources from China. I didn't find anything about this specific product however. The headquarters I believe is in Utah but they also have locations in AZ and California. Hope that helps.
that's what i use it for.... i use them in my cookie recipe that calls for freeze dried blueberries.
In recipes calling for blueberries, I rehydrate the dried berries and add as if they were fresh or frozen (thawed). I have had no problems substituting them for other blueberries. Just remember that as with thawing frozen blueberries, be sure to drain away the excess liquid. They are also great in shakes and smoothies, depending onyour blender whether or not you rehydrate them. Hope this helps.
It's based on weight so measure the weight of the blueberries and make sure it matches the number of ounces on the can. It will definitely not be full, but only a third full does seem strange.
Yes, but. . . : The powder does not like to dissolve in cold (or hot) water, and this causes a problem in "getting started". After the powder actually becomes wet, everything works fine. Getting it wet is the problem: one tends to get lumps that are wet on the outside and still dry-powder on the inside. As a mostly "pure protein" such lumps can taste rather disgusting if incorporated into a recipe. I have found that if I am going to add sugar or other dry powders to the whipped, raw, reconstituted eggwhite, it is best to add it to the drp powdered eggwhite before adding water. If they are in the recipe, confectioners sugar, Splenda, Stevia in the Raw, cream of tartar, salt, and baking soda are helpful in getting everything to get wet at the same time. Cocoa and cinnamon are not. You can try to add the powder(s) to your mixing bowl, and then add just a little bit of room-temperature water at a time, so that at first you make a sticky mess, to which you add a little more water to make a thick paste, to which you add a little more water to make a syrupy slush, to which you add the rest of the water called for by the recipe. This process does 2 things: (1) It slows down the rate of wetting the powder so that the portion of the powder that hydrates first can help wet out the rest of hte powder, and (2) it tends to eliminate the stubborn little dry-center balls that form when one splashes all of the water in at once. After you have all of the powder and all of the water looking like it is dissolved and well mixed, I suggest that you let the mixture rest for 5 minutes to continue doing the wet-out at the molecular level. Then you can whip the mixture quite effectively. By the way, I have found absolutely no advantage to hand whisking this reconstituted powder; a wire whisk attachment on a KitchenAid stand mixer is a welcome relief after nursing the powder into its reconstituted form. I gather that the previous answers are aiming at fried eggwhites or some other dietetic result. My cooking has been toward making meringues, terrines, mousses, lemon curds, isles flotant, carrot cake, and other things where the loft of the eggwhites -- and the absence of "protein flavor" -- are extremely important. For such recipes, I have found the powdered eggwhites a nuissance, but generally superior to the eggwhites from the lowest priced whole eggs in the grocery store dairy counter. Caveat: I am not a chef nor an institute-trained cook, just a chemist who cooks for my family and friends. Bon chance!
Hello, Yes, our egg whites come in #10 cans.
Yes it would fine for meringues. Taste just like fresh egg whites.
You are right, the prices have gotten outrageous!! I bought this product in March 2014 for $30 and some change via amazon prime. I came back to buy some more, but not at these prices.
Thank you for contacting us. Our prices change depending on the market. There is a lot of demand for this product now in days and not enough to meet it. When this happens prices go up. Sadly, this item is going up really fast. I do apologize for this inconvenience. Please let us know if you need anything else. Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service (888) 810-3212
I am sorry I do not know. I believe that it is a protein product but do not know more about it.
Not very well. It gets lumpy. These egg whites work best for me as an addition to my morning fruit smoothie. It's pure protein, so add a banana, some orange or pineapple juice and you have a quality breakfast drink.
It has some sulfate ingredient. I don't eat it because of that. Waste of money. Egg white powder taste like ass anyway. Try liquid egg whites at the store. About the same prize per ounce. I cook mine with coconut oil.
Yes. They are wonderful!
The serving size on the nutrition panel is only 4g with 3g of protein. If you're like me and you're looking for a serving of around 30g of protein, this isn't detailed enough. (Due to rounding on the nutrition panel, 3g of 4g can be anywhere from around 60% of the product to nearly 90%.) Luckily, the manufacturer was very responsive to a request for a detailed 100g nutrition panel, and they included unrounded single serving numbers. So the breakdowns are: Serving size 2tsp (4g), 15.28 kcal cal, 3.24g Protein, .31g Carb, .31g dietary fiber, .23g water, .1mg Vitamin B2, .03mg Vitamin B3, 2.48 mg Calcium, .01mg Iron, 45mg Potassium, 51.2mg Sodium. 100g Portion, 382kcal Cal, 81.1g Protein, 7.8g Carb, 7.8g Dietary Fiber, 5.8g water, .01mg Vitamin B1, 2.53mg Vitamin B2, .87mg Vitamin B3, 62mg Calcium, .15mg Iron, 1125mg Potassium, 1280mg Sodium
6 grams
The ingredients listed are "Pasteurized whole egg with less than 2% sodium silico aluminate (an anti-caking agent". So, no, they do not contain soy.
I looked on my can and there isn't one no shelf life is mentioned either! But my guess is unopened 20yrs Because the eggs are powdered and pasteurized. I haven't done a taste test yet and I live in Florida so it's part of my hurricane emergency food supply. I hope this helped.
I don't know if the palette in with these eggs is to absorb oxygen or not, but it is there. The eggs stay fresh and delicious.
I have not made that cookie specifically, but have made MANY cookies and cakes. It bakes just like using regular eggs, only it is pasteurized so you can sneak the dough with no regrets.
The can says 5 years
Yes
Yes
That's a ridiculous price jump!! It's still $34.99 with $4.99 shipping directly from Honeyville..I'll be going back to ordering from them!! Disappointing!
Yes it does once it has been opened. Most products that doesn't need refrigeration have had icky chemicals add to them that you wouldn't want in your body. This is an excellent brand. Best I've found so far.
This product is listed as "non-GMO" and "Ceritfied Gluten Free." It is recomended by a number of non-GMO and gluten free chefs, including Danielle Walker, author of Against All Grain. Hope this helps.
Not organic. Would be way too expensive. Honeyville does use water/steam method to blanch.....way better than chemicals. I called and asked. I use mostly organics.....but not on this product.
I don't know the types of kosher, the symbol looks like a C or sideways horseshoe with the K in the middle. Then is says PARVE underneath. Hope this helps!
I just checked my bag....certified gluten free. Ingredients: almonds. There is no mention of shared equipment with peanuts.
Unfortunately, the problem is caused by the nature of the product. Almond Flour has a higher protein and fat content than wheat flour. As a result, it tends to gunk up the zipper. I've found the best way to clean the zipper is to shake the flour loose by flicking the zipper with my fingers, but it's an imperfect science. We're always on the lookout for packaging innovations, but the nature of the Almond Flour itself tends to be the culprit.
I have never tried it and I don't know how and if it would break down and become smooth in your milk. The meal itself is very fine and makes me think that it might break down okay but I can't give you a 100% yes answer. I hope this helps you a little bit. Good luck!
I'm not sure if they are sprayed. I do know they use non-gmo almonds with no additives. They blanch them in a hot water bath to remove the skins in this particular one.
Hello, Thank you for contacting us. Unfortunately we only ship in the USA. Here is a link to our shipping policy, let me know if I can help you with anything else. http://shop.honeyville.com/shipping-policy/ Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service
I usually add 1/3 to 1/2 cup and it makes it such great bread.
Once opened, I keep it covered in the refrigerator. I have kept an open container for more than three months with no loss in quality
Wheat Gluten is used when making bread using whole wheat flour. It is used in addition to the flour. If you made banana bread using only wheat gluten, then yes, you probably need to toss the banana bread. Wheat Gluten is not flour.
Cook it at 350 Fahrenheit for long enough. Make sure it has risen. If you do both, it should be fine. The only effects of VWG should be that it holds its rise better, unless you make the loaf too dry. If it is too dry, it will not rise well. If it does not rise well, it will be too dense. If it is too dense, it will not bake through.
Yes, it is a #10 can.
Other than the old saw about "a pint's a pound", I cannot help much. But I would venture that the conversion is relatively close.
Dough Conditioner already contains vital wheat gluten. For me I bought vital wheat gluten, ascorbic acid and lecithin and mix them all up as my conditioner. If you want to make your own conditioner, then get this. Other than that, this is just redundant if you already have your own. Hope that helps.
Vital Wheat Gluten is just that. It is only gluten. Conditioner contains other ingredients. Different makers of conditioners put different ingredients in it, so you need to read the label.
Nothing on the label specifies it. So as a general rule of thumb, if any product doesn't specifically says Non GMO/Organic - it means it's GMO.
I am not aware of the PRO-FAM 825. I have been a very satisfied user of this Honeyville Soy Protein isolate for 3 years. Its a pure very finely milled and mixes very well in my fruit juices for a great shake drink. It doesnt have a gritty consistency but is smooth while tasting great. It is far superior to the organic soy protein I was buying before. If Pro Fam 825 is of the same base protein, then they would be well served to use Honeyville as a vendor. This is about the third request for my opinion by Amazon. I have not found better.
Serving size is 28 Grams, protein content is 24 Grams.
Hello, thank you for contacting us. Yes, the Soy Protein Isolate can use for both of your dough's. I wouldn't suggest adding a lot, you only need a little. The soy protein doesn't add flavor, its just a nutritional enhancer. If you have any further questions on this product please let us know and we will be more than happy to assist you. You can reach us at our toll free number (888) 810-3212. Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service.
Bag does not say. Produced by Honeyville Grain Co, Honeyville, UT. You might call them 1-800-810-3212.
It is a thicker cut of soy powder... But if you stay between 1 to 2 teaspoons it should be no problem to have with a cool glass of water; if you drink it in sections. It mixes fairly well.
The 4 lb bag that I purchased says 1 serving is 28g, which I believe is 1 oz. And contains 24 g of protein. So it sounds like it is almost pure protein.
The correct term would be alkali extraction. This is the final process to get your 90%+ protein from soy protein concentrate. Not that the extraction technique matters, this is soy isolate protein, the same type of soy isolate protein you are to find anywhere else. The only difference is it's being sold directly from the manufacturer. Tastes good, I suggest buying it.
I mix it with rice milk in a plastic container that I shake by hand. It mixes pretty well as long as I don't try to make it too thick. I find it mixes acceptably.
No longer using the product - please ask the seller
Trim Healthy Mama book or look on Pintrest under Trim Healthy Mama
I havE never used it for this purpose. I have only used In baked goods replacing a portion of the Flour. I don't believe this would make a suitable coAting.
Yes it is
I checked their the Honeyville website and the bag says 100Gr of oat fiber equals 90 gr of fiber. Hope this helps.
You can use it in place of flour for low-fat, low-calorie, low-glycemic baking. I have specific recipes that call for it. It has no flavor of its own, so it carries the other flavors of your recipe.
The description also indicates it is over 90% fiber by weight. Subtract the grams of fiber from the total carbs to get the net carbs to count for calories.
The back of the package states it is 28 grams per serving. 64 servings per container. Don't know if you need this but it has 20mg sodium, 26gr.carbs, 26 gr. fiber per serving. Hope this is what you needed.
26g....All from fiber
I use for the same and I tend to bounce between the 3: universal, culinary, and ceremonial. I think ceremonial is the least bitter but im guessing all 3 are just fine for health. and when looking into green tea originally I was worried about radiation from fukishima so I stayed away from a lot of other brands. but who really knows tbh. We have a large Asian community nearby cause I live near a SUNY college and I noticed it last time I was in the Asian grocery store. I didn't really see any others so im fairly confident with the quality....still not completely convinced about the radiation thing though.
Best by 13SEPT14
Yes it has the Universal Quality TradeMark.
Japan but it was distributed out of California
I bought from 2 different places. 1 sold me last years blend and it's a bit stale-tasting. The other was this year and I am enjoying it as much as I always do
The expiration date is not as important as the ROASTING date. Usually coffee expires 2 months after it was roasted, the flavor just isnt the same. Not many roasters place the date of raosting on their bags. Usually, the best date to consume coffee is between day 1 and 10 after being roasted. Optimally if you can buy Whole Bean and grind it yourself; this promote optimum flavor.
This page is truly lacking information. It shows one standard-size (1 lb?) bag of Casi Cielo coffee by Starbucks, and then lists a price of $44.50. These two things do not seem to match. If they are asking $44.50 for one bag of coffee, they are out of their minds, no matter how good the coffee is. I personally would not order this product with the scant information being provided here.
Not that I am aware of however here is their phone number, you an call them & ask 1-888-444-MILK. I have used this product for many years & love it. We do not drink milk so I keep this for when I need milk for different dishes. It has a great taste if you want to drink it.
Not for one, but not sure how many. The single I bought not available right now on Amazon.
I think it must be gold-infused. That's the only reason I can imagine. And, yes, it's outrageous. I'm not buying it!
In a dry place - it has a zip seal built into the bag, so just keep it away from moisture. No refrigeration necessary until you mix it.
I just purchased. The expiration date is 04/15
It's just one bag.
No. I wanted the product as an alternative creamer for coffee. It did not work as it did not dissolve well. I think it is a quality product that simply did not fit my need.
No
Hi, Does not look like gluten free. You can see the spec sheet at this url http://www.joesculinary.com/PDF%20Files/tartlett%20spec.pdf Thanks, Joe
Hi, They are just about 1/2 inch deep and meant to be finger food so you do not want too much filling. If you have time do a Google or Bing search under photos for mini tartlets and that should give you a good idea of how much to use. Desserts generally get more filling then product like curry chicken salad. Thanks, Joe
192 in a case. Thanks
Hi, Yes to Kosher, the symbol is a K with a circle around it. I do not see the word Pareve on the box. I hope this helps! Thanks, Joe
Hi, !92 per case. Thanks, Joe
I do not remember the exact number as I repackaged them for storage but it is a lot. They are also delicious. Just the right thing for drop in guests. I serve filled with lemon curd and they are great with coffee. One bite wonders!!
Hi, Shelf life is 6 months to 1 year depending on the region you live in. High humidity 8 months, low 1 year. Thanks, Joe
the ones I purchased are now made with stevia
0.8 ounces each package times 24 packs
Sorry. I'm not familiar with Grether's.
According to Honeyville Farms' website, in their Product FAQ section, "The majority of our foods are non-GMO. There are a couple of exceptions in the bulk milled corn and bulk soy products that potentially have small traces of GMO."
I'm very sorry that I am unable to answer your question. I purchased this flour for a person who bakes bread for the needy. We live several hundred miles apart from each other, so I really don't know any specifics about this kind of flour.
Carlos, after checking their website I cant be sure if its organic, its listed as kosher and non gmo. All I can say is I have been using this flour for about 7 years now for hearth breads with pretty reliable results and taste. I thought their flours were all organic when I first started ordering but couldnt find it after looking for a couple of minutes. the link to their website is http://shop.honeyville.com/products/bakery/flours/alta-artisan-unbleached-flour-672.html
Yes it is.Ann
Yes. It is white.
around 12%
It contains malted barley flour as well as the usual vitamin enrichments (riboflavin, folic acid, etc.) and vitamin C as a preservative.
Typical Analysis Moisture 14% max Protein 13.1% - 13.8% Ash 0.54% +/- .02% Amylograph 410 sec Falling Number 225 +/- 15
Do not listen to the person that says this can be used to make seitan "no problem". There are 2 ways to make seitan, the easy way with "Vital Wheat Gluten" and the long pain in the butt way with regular flour or this stuff. With this stuff, you have to keep kneading it out under water for a long time before you are left with just the gluten. The consistency is still very mushy and just falls apart. With "Vital wheat gluten", you have a much stronger consistency, easier to form shapes, cut and much better and easier for making seitan. There is "Vital Wheat Gluten" and "High Gluten Flour", they are NOT the same thing. Here is a link explaining the difference and showing pictures. http://veganfeastkitchen.blogspot.com/2007/11/theres-big-difference-between-gluten.html Because I listened to the previous woman saying this can make seitan "No problem" I'm now stuck with a 50 lb bag of flour that I don't really need. If you are looking to make just Seitan, buy the vital wheat gluten. If you are going to make breads and stuff, then this is Ok.
White.
There are appx. calories in 1 cup of flour and a 1 1/2 pound loaf had 1436 calories from the flour. Depending on what else you add to your bread recipe, the caloric count rises accordingly. I usually look to get 12 slices per loaf, which equals about 120 calories per slice, since I like a pretty nice "fat" slice. As to serving size, that is entirely optional. Just divide the number of servings you want to achieve per loaf into the total calories and it gives you the per serving count.
Pure, unbleached, high gluten flour. It makes superior tasting bread.
I use this flour as bread flour. It has a higher protein content than all purpose flour and produced a wonderful texture in my breads. You do not need to add wheat gluten.
I understand it will keep for one year.
Any white flour is going to be low in fiber... after all, it's white because the fiber rich bran has been removed. As a general rule, if the flour is white, the fiber content will be in the 3 to 4 gram-per-cup range. Conversely, flour is mostly made up of starches, so it has a high carbohydrate content... As a general rule, white flours have about 95 grams of carbs per cup. Because these levels are so consistent (regardless of manufacturer, country of origin, etc.), many manufacturers (Honeyville included) won't bother to put them on the label. A high gluten flour such as this is all about the quality of the wheat used, its freshness, and its protein levels... and less about its health benefits. In short, if you're looking for a flour that makes awesome loaves, pizza crusts, etc., with lots of airy holes and crispy crusts, then this flour is hard to beat... but if you're looking to watch your calorie intake, white flour of any kind is probably not the route you want to go.
I think it's just a higher protein flour, not vital wheat gluten. I buy the later at Sprouts grocery in the Bob's Red Mill products section.
Hello, Thank you for contacting us. At this time we only ship in the continental U.S. If you have a friend or relative here in the states then we can ship it to them. From there they can use a third party to get it to France. Please let us know if you have any further questions. Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service
I don't think rice is GMO yet. But there is nothing on the packaging stating that it is GMO FREE. It is yummy!
Can't tell you exact shelf life. I normally finish it within 2-3 months. Just cover the top of the bag with a plastic bag after you open it and it should last for months. 3 months is the longest i've had an opened bag sitting around and it was still good. I don't know about up opened shelf life. Overall the rice is good. I've been ordering these bags for a couple years from Amazon and the sellers own website.
No it is not certified organic. If it were it would say something to the effect somewhere on the bag, or in Honeyville's description of the product on their website. Whether rice is brown or white has no bearing on it being organic or not. It is high quality rice at a very good price when you consider the shipping, but it is not organic.
No
Hi Jo Anne; the individually wrapped ones, once you get the first few chewy layers off, are hard. The smaller ones that come in boxes are chewy. Hope this helps!
Large, about 3/4" diameter
About 200 pieces. :)
I don't think they are, Couldn't find anything on label or any where else.
I checked the wrappers and I didn't see an expiration date. We ordered ours April 2013 and I just had one and they are still good.
There are approximately 68 caramels per pound.
I don't really know, but tend to think not. I buy my caramels only from Bayside Candy. They have their own web site and I am sure they would answer your question. Happy chomping! (The 5-lb. bag is less at Amazon than at Bayside's site.)
No, they are not sugar free.
approximately 68 pieces per pound I read.
80 calories - worth every bite...
What a perfect first name! Do you mean wrapped, just out of the package or melted, ready to dip apples? But either way I'm so sorry, I don't know the answer. Mimi
these caramels are not what I ordered.They do not compair to the Kraft brand,which I ordered and did not receive ,why do they send people something they did not order???????
No they are lime.
I would not put them in the sun any sugar candy will melt, hope this helps.
i buy them all the time and keep them in a ziploc bag. to be honest i buy them for my desk at work and the 5lb bag does not last long. they are addicting!
Please visit our website directly to obtain shipping costs, as we are unable to calculate the exact shipping costs without full information.
We do ship internationally. Please allow 6-10 business days for delivery.
Although very good, I would have to say that they do not have a vanilla jelly bean inside
I don't know if they are the Judson cherry sours as there is no name on the bag. They are however very good and tast the same. I would buy them again.
Approximately one inch diameter.
These are hard candies, which is what I prefer. I've never seen soft Starlight Peppermints, but that doesn't mean they don't exist. Hope this helps.
Sorry. There is no listof ingredients on the package.
Im not sure. I use for crafts and was able to cover two 6" Styrofoam balls with a 5lb bag. If you are looking to but multiple bags look at their website and there is a 32 - 35 lb box that is more budget friendly than buy the bags.
No... Use scissors to open the package...
I didnt see any symbol. It came in a clear bag.
Yes, to both.
It is light flour.
Every rye flour I have purchased, even other brands has a coarser texture than regular AP or Bread flour. But it does make wonderful bread!
It doesn't indicate it on the package at all. It is certified organic by the Tx Dept of Agriculture. The bag shows a phone number for Arrowhead Mills for any comments or questions. The phone number is 800 434-4246 and they are located in CO (Mountain time). Hope this helps...:)
Each cigar is all gum you bite off as much as you want
No. It is just a piece of chewing gum.
There is no indication that it is gluten-free on the package.
I don't remember, but I know it didn't taste very bubble-gummy.
No, it is not particularly spicy but it has a full flavor. Think a mild chile con carne. Even though it doesn't contain meat, it has a full body. We have it as a main dish and I've used it when making nachos instead of beans.
The nutritional facts are displayed on the back of each package. One package contains 2 servings (2 small servings) each containing 150 calories of which 50 calories are from fat. Total fat/serving is 6 grams of which 2.5 grams are saturated fat. There are no trans fats. Each serving contains 10 mg cholesterol, 510 mg sodium, 18 grams of carbohydrates of which 5 grams are dietary fiber and 2 grams are sugars. Each serving also contains 7 grams of protein. The ingredients, in order of amount are water, tomatoes, lentils, red beans, onions, cream, butter, salt, sunflower oil, chiles and cumin. Hope that helps.
This is probably overkill but you certainly do not need to microwave it in the pouch. You can certainly Prepare it as follows per the directions on the product description page: "Do not use conventional oven, Do not consume if pouch is leaking or swollen. Directions Microwave 1-2 minutes: 1. Tear pouch and contents into a microwave-safe bowl. 2. Cover loosely and heat on high for 1-2 minutes (ovens vary; cooking time is approximate). 3. Stir and serve. Stove top 5 Minutes: 1. Boil water in saucepan. 2. Immerse pouch in boiling water for 5 minutes". Lot's if options. While most people microwave it in the pouch and then pour it into the bowl or container they'll be consuming it from, there's absolutely nothing wrong with first pouring it into a microwave safe bowl or contained, then loosely cover (I like to use wax paper), and you're good to go.
It cab be stored in the pantry.
You can store for a few months. No problem
don't know just bought at Costco $9.99 on special $3.00 off i paid $6.99. Box of 6
You can order it on our amazon store.
1 whole bag is 300 calories, 14 g of protein, 1020 mg of sodium.
They are hand harvested seaweeds from the North Atlantic Downeast Maine coastal area.
No salt. Just organic raw kelp.
"organic" refers to it's original state of growth, not being treated with pesticides or chemicals to change the chemical composition. How can it not be organic when it comes directly from the sea?
Only 1 ingredient..organic raw kelp
Yes. It is an excellent natural source of iodine. Much better than iodized salt.
1/4 tsp equal to approximately 3mg iodine
The fresh "fishy" taste in fish IS sea vegatables such as kelp and seaweed. If you use too much it stands out, but when used in the right proportion, just tastes salty. (I am also a vegetarian.)
Hello, it will take 2-4 weeks to arrive.
The bars I received on 3/15 say best before 17/09/14 and they taste fresh and wonderful. They won't last long here, I've already placed another order.
It's very honey flavored but I'm not sure it's really honey. It's like sea foam candy ( if you've ever tried that) but better. Sort of a whoppers texture but softer due to the honey like center. That doesn't make it sound good, they tast nothing like whoppers it's only a similar texture. It's lovely and unlike anything we have here.
I was told they're from the United kingdom. The ones I received were delicious so I can only imagine that they're just as good. I gave many away to my friends and family to share the goodness.
They're big enough. But I wouldn't bother ordering from them, they sent a box with stuff ripped all open. I wrote them and they never corrected it
Sorry I ate them all before I looked at the label. They tasted great though.
Shipping is Free to the US. We cannot ship to Turkey, unfortunately.
There is a 2 day processing period for all orders. For standard orders, delivery takes 2-4 days within the US after the processing period.
Hi there - each bar is 40 grams (each pack contains 3 bars, which totals to 120 grams).
Yes, they are similar. Violet Crumbles are crispier in texture than Crunchie bars, with a slightly more marshmallow taste.
There is no age listed on the labeling, however it is thick, syrupy, and entirely delicious.
No "diminishing return" possibility with this Balsamic. It's fabulous and we are ruined now. This product will make you a Balsamic snob.
This Balsamic is made, as I understand it, in the traditional way. That's the reason the price is what it is. Yet despite the price, this is a mighty- fine, aged vinegar. My wife and I always keep a bottle i reserve.
yes thick and delicious...worth the $$$
It's in the product description: 8.5 oz.
Probably ought to ask market spice tea . It's not decaf, but not real strong IMHO. Been drinking this stuff for over 45 years, and it's my favorite. Phone number for market spice is 800-735-7198.
Hi, Between 150-200 cups depending on the amount of tea you are using. :-)
It's stronger. Have not detected any loss of flavor.
A large glass spaghetti sauce jar with screw on lid should hold most, if not all the tea. If there is any excess, put in smaller jar and use first. Hope this helps!
Yes you can
None -- this particular product is loose tea. You can buy Market Spice in tea bag form, though.
Hi Jerome. Yes, this is a 1 lb. bag of loose leaf tea.
I doubt that this wax is suitable for countertops of any kind. It is primarily intended for use on such things as certain kinds of jewelry, picture frames, and decorative objects. I have never used it for surfaces that have a lot of wear, such as countertops, and I don't think that would work well.
It has held up on my bathroom hardware for over two years with little or no wear and looks as good as the day I put it on. But pulls on the cabinets and drawers take most of their wear on the back side.
Etched glass: I believe it would work very well. I have used it on several surfaces- wood, plastic & metal. it does need a texture to 'catch' the pigment but etched glass would be just fine. For instance, sanded wood was still rough enough to 'take'. As for permanent... yes. You could clean it off with a solvent, but I would consider it permanent. Especially in etched glass, it would be nearly impossible to remove it from the sanded texture. This product is like a metallic ointment, almost. After you dab it onto the surface, you buff it a little and it begins to shine. It is not a raised texture like paint or even gold leaf, it is an extremely thin pigment that pretty much becomes part of the product it is on. For this reason, I dab it onto a clean cloth and then dab the cloth onto the project. It is very easy to work with and looks very professional.
The color is definitely not shiny & bright, but more muted. I think it should dull the brightness of any shiny surface upon which it adheres.
This product is color embedded in wax, so you squeeze out a bit and rub it on the area you want to, gild. Then you can apply wax over it, but I would take care to not have the covering wax dissolve the rub and buff gilding.
My most recent use of AMACO Rub and Buff has been to enhance lions' heads on an outdoor fountain. For this, I did not seal or varnish. A number of years ago I did put it on a dresser and chest of drawers and did cover the decorations with a varnish. It seemed to work fine and has been on there many years undiminished by time.
I would prime it first. It definitely has a waxy sheen to it...
You can use this stuff on ANYTHING. Before you start your rather large project, I strongly recommend you practice first on a surface similar to your surround. The good news/bad news is that the stuff is pretty unforgiving. Once it's on, it is on. Also, remember to massage/mix it in the tube. If the product has sat for a while, often it will separate in the tub. Hope this helps. Good luck and happy "gilding."
I tried to use it on molded plastic and it did not adhere. But as I said in my review the tube I received was very runny. Nothing like the gold I had used in the past.
Corn Syrup This Product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten eggs and dairy or dairy products peanuts soy Tree nuts
I looked the item up on Amazon. The page you bought it from says, "Made in the USA". It makes sense to me because we grow so much corn here at home. I hope that allays your worries. Mark
Several chefs recommend using glucose in cakes to make them both moist and fluffier however if you too much it will make your cake more sticky than moist. I use glucose in making candy but there Nigella Lawson recommends glucose in fruitcake and several other online food sites discuss using glucose in cakes so I'd check online for how much and how to use it in cakes. Hope that helps.
I bought this because I was making fondant. But this is really just corn syrup and cost way more. Save yourself the trouble and just buy corn syrup!
Hello, that price is from a different seller our price is as follows: $7.99 + $7.07 shipping
The major difference that Glucose is a liquid or inverted sugar. Very thick with a lower water content than corn syrup. It is primarily used in candy making, such as caramels. It inhibits crystallization of sugar during the cooking process. I do not recommend using in every day baking. Only when the recipe calls for it.
Short answer is "Probably yes". Glucose aka dextrose is the simplest sugar, used by every cell in your body for energy. As a result, your body can process massive quantities with little impact, though it will spike your blood sugar. Current thinking is that high levels of fructose are one of the leading causes of obesity and premature death, unless you're receiving that fructose in the form of a whole fruit, where its problematic properties are alleviated by the fiber in the fruit. The reason is that fructose is mostly processed only by the liver, so when you ingest any significant quantity of it you put a stress on your liver much like that caused by drinking alcohol (another carbohydrate that's only processed by the liver). The result is "fatty liver syndrome" which leads in extreme cases to cirrhosis, and to heart disease (one of the steps in the liver's processing produces bad cholesterol). Sucrose is made up of 50% glucose and 50% sucrose. High Fructose Corn Syrup is made up of 45% glucose and 55% fructose. "Corn syrup" like this is made by turning the starch from corn directly into glucose using an enzyme and high temperatures. It has no fructose (which is why HFCS was such a big deal in the 1980s: low corn syrup prices, high fructose sweetness) and is therefore unlikely to be tied up in the whole obesity, fatty liver, and high cholesterol mess.
Yes mine was...
yes it is I used it in a wedding shower, easter and wedding cake this yr also injected into cupcakes everyone loved it
There are no ingredients listed unfortunately, but having Celiacs myself, I didn't chance it. Typically these pastry fillings are made with some sort of Food Starch. Sorry I couldn't be of more help...
No
Yes, and you can freeze what you don't use and save it for later use.
Is it a cake or a pie? I don't understand. The filling shown is already cooked
If this product truly is grass fed and pasture raised, then why does it not give any reference whatsoever to this anywhere on the product container. It says absolutely nothing about being grass fed, organic, or pastured. Very suspicious that they won't claim it on the bottle, but only on their website in fine print. I doubt it's actually grass fed or pastures.
I saw on the Great Lakes website that the red can is beef gelatin and the orange is porcine (pig) gelatin. I buy the porcine but I don't really know what the difference is other than personal preference.
Nope! Gluten free
The Collagen Hydrolysate is more versatile. You can add it to hot or cold beverages, which is the best way to use it. Put it in your morning coffee or tea, and you won't be able to taste it at all. Also add it to your iced tea, and it dissolves beautifully with no taste to it. It doesn't gel, so it won't make things thick. You can even add it to foods like cottage cheese, mashed potatoes, hot or cold cereals...so many uses for the Hydrolysate. The Collagen gelatin is great when added to things you want thickened. Gravies, jello, stews, etc. Both of them are wonderful products, but I tend to use the Hydrolysate more often.
Not guaranteed grass fed. They contradict themselves on their website. http://www.greatlakesgelatin.com/consumer/FAQs.php #4 "Our cattle are grass fed and slaughtered in Argentina and Brazil which is controlled by their respective Department of Agriculture. These countries have the same type of rigourous tests and inspections as the United States" Cut and pasted, not my typo. The "tests and inspections" statements would be in regard to the slaughtering not the grass fed. VERY DECEPTIVE! Anyone have a source to show that there is a test for showing the cows are grass fed? In the US inspections for grass fed are for labeling "grass fed" and "organic" labeling. This product is not labeled so is it inspected to verify grass fed? Please provide reliable links for source. http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateN&rightNav1=GrassFedMarketingClaimStandards&topNav=&leftNav=GradingCertificationandVerfication&page=GrassFedMarketingClaims&resultType= #7 "There is no way to be certain of all concepts of feeding of these animals, but what we can assure you is that of all tests that are known to us we find no disease, antibiotics, hormones, pesticides, or herbicides in the skin or hides of animals used to produce gelatin." Here they confirm that there is no way to be certain the cattle are grass fed. They also only mention tests for "skin and hides" Bones are also used and they are affected by the above mentioned treatment of cattle. After being demineralized (they add a dash but there should not be one) cattle bones only contain about 5 or 6% of fat. Here is another page on their site supporting that bones are also used in making gelatine. "Gelatin is obtained from selected pieces of calf and cattle hides, de-mineralized cattle bones (ossein) and porkskin" http://www.greatlakesgelatin.com/consumer/generalInfo.php The facts suggest that it comes down to your opinions on the truth in advertising, treatment of animals, supporting sustainable farming and supporting not only products made in the US but sustainable grass fed ranches in the US. An alternative is http://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00A275DL2/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_S_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=4GBF6EWS3KVN&coliid=IY88ZVYZS7A6T http://www.hoosiergrassfedbeef.com/aboutus.htm
Not guaranteed grass fed. They contradict themselves on their website. http://www.greatlakesgelatin.com/consumer/FAQs.php #4 "Our cattle are grass fed and slaughtered in Argentina and Brazil which is controlled by their respective Department of Agriculture. These countries have the same type of rigourous tests and inspections as the United States" Cut and pasted, not my typo. The "tests and inspections" statements would be in regard to the slaughtering not the grass fed. VERY DECEPTIVE! Anyone have a source to show that there is a test for showing the cows are grass fed? In the US inspections for grass fed are for labeling "grass fed" and "organic" labeling. This product is not labeled so is it inspected to verify grass fed? Please provide reliable links for source. http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateN&rightNav1=GrassFedMarketingClaimStandards&topNav=&leftNav=GradingCertificationandVerfication&page=GrassFedMarketingClaims&resultType= #7 "There is no way to be certain of all concepts of feeding of these animals, but what we can assure you is that of all tests that are known to us we find no disease, antibiotics, hormones, pesticides, or herbicides in the skin or hides of animals used to produce gelatin." Here they confirm that there is no way to be certain the cattle are grass fed. They also only mention tests for "skin and hides" Bones are also used and they are affected by the above mentioned treatment of cattle. After being demineralized (they add a dash but there should not be one) cattle bones only contain about 5 or 6% of fat. Here is another page on their site supporting that bones are also used in making gelatine. "Gelatin is obtained from selected pieces of calf and cattle hides, de-mineralized cattle bones (ossein) and porkskin" http://www.greatlakesgelatin.com/consumer/generalInfo.php The facts suggest that it comes down to your opinions on the truth in advertising, treatment of animals, supporting sustainable farming and supporting not only products made in the US but sustainable grass fed ranches in the US. An alternative is http://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00A275DL2/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_S_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=4GBF6EWS3KVN&coliid=IY88ZVYZS7A6T http://www.hoosiergrassfedbeef.com/aboutus.htm
Yes, that's exactly what I use it for. I use fruit juice, pured fruits (or applesauce), honey, and sometimes coconut milk to make a wide variety of snacks. I generally keep them in the fridge so they last longer, but they're stable at room temperature if you use the right ratio. I go for 1 cup gelatin to 4 cups liquid, as I'm trying to get more gelatin in my diet. Great for lunch boxes or a healthy anytime snack. If you're clever with your recipes you can sneak in things like beet or Carrot juice, or even well pured spinach.
It doesn't say it on the package, but on their website they do say that they source their gelatin from grass-fed cows in South America.
I just got mine recently and the expiration is on the silver bottom of the container--April, 2018, so that is a LONG time. I use it every day in a smoothie, which means going thru a can relatively quickly.
Healthy gelatin (not the stuff found in jello brand jello) helps keep your joints strong. It's good for children's growing bodies. Gelatin from grass fed cows is supposedly the best. I make gummies and various juice/fruit gelatins for my children to get them to eat it. Now since my kids are grown I make my own supplements with it. They are yummy and free from fillers.
I believe real sugar.
I also had some leftover, and used it 60 days later. It was still good.
I didn't see anything that said so, but I always stick my cakes in the fridge prior to the event.
I'm sorry, I don't know the answer to that. I have never had it long enough to need to freeze it. I can tell you that it is delicious and I use it in a variety of ways. The packaging is such that it keeps for quite a while without needing to be frozen, but I do refrigerate once opened.
That would depend on how much filloing you want in each. These say they hold about 3 cups of product, if that helps. If you use one Tablespoons filling per cupcake, that is roughly 48 cupcakes, if you use 100% of the prodct.
do not know the answer but everyone loved this
No sugar crust inside. great fun gift. Liquor inside.
Hello Jim W., Not able to say for sure if that liqueur was part of my 18 pcs order but it might be available in one of the larger gift boxes (24, 36, and/or 64 pcs). Also, not sure if this is considered one of the standard selections. It might be part of their holiday sampler offers (just a thought). Sorry, I could not be of more help. Hope you find a clear answer. Enjoy your purchase and have a good day. alli c.
Yes this is dark choc not milk. Evidently it forms the bottles and seals better i am guessing though.
Yes, It is a real Liquor filled chocolate.
Some of them I've heard of but not all. There is a Jim beam in there that I like. I think the amount was random
Yes
Dear JI K, thank you for your inquiry. We only ship within the USA and its Protectorate Countries so we are not familiar with the international expense and custom fees. Sorry.
When I ordered this I got 4 cans. I don't get it now as it is too much money. I switched to envelopes- Swiss Miss fat free. 6 boxes in order. Each has 8 envelopes- so 48 envelopes.
no - it has powered milk in it.
It has sucralose which is an artificial sweetner, and is very tasty hot chocolate . . .and the canister usually runs between 6 and 7 doll ars in the store
For Nestle Fat Free w/calcium Hot Cocoa Mix: Serving Size (8 g) or (2 Tbsp) = 25 Calories. Cholesterol: 0, Sodium: 150 mg, Total Carbs: 5 gr., Fiber: 1 gr., Sugars: 4 gr. Protein: 1 gr. There are 26 servings (again, 2 Tbsp per serving) in the 7.33 oz. canister. Advertises "... contains Natural Antioxidants! (80 mg per serving) Calcium: 30%, Iron: 2% Note: Made on equipment that also processes wheat. 99.9% Caffeine Free. ("Just Add Hot Water!" For richer cocoa, try adding milk instead of water. However, milk calories should then be added to total calories.)
cans
Hi- I've never ordered this product with marshmallows, but the expiration dates have always been good when I have ordered my item.
The expiration date on the shipment I received on Dec. 3, 2014, is October 2015.
That product comes with 10 packets or envelopes to the box. This is the Asin for the box with 6 packets or envelopes to the box B00CTITBOW I hope this answers your question! :)
May 20,2015
I'm not sure. I answered the label information in an extensive post on the Amazon site, weeks ago. I don't believe it said anything about being "Gluten free".
When I ordered this I got 4 cans. I don't get it now as it is too much money. I switched to envelopes- Swiss Miss fat free. 6 boxes in order. Each has 8 envelopes- so 48 envelopes.
no - it has powered milk in it.
It has sucralose which is an artificial sweetner, and is very tasty hot chocolate . . .and the canister usually runs between 6 and 7 doll ars in the store
For Nestle Fat Free w/calcium Hot Cocoa Mix: Serving Size (8 g) or (2 Tbsp) = 25 Calories. Cholesterol: 0, Sodium: 150 mg, Total Carbs: 5 gr., Fiber: 1 gr., Sugars: 4 gr. Protein: 1 gr. There are 26 servings (again, 2 Tbsp per serving) in the 7.33 oz. canister. Advertises "... contains Natural Antioxidants! (80 mg per serving) Calcium: 30%, Iron: 2% Note: Made on equipment that also processes wheat. 99.9% Caffeine Free. ("Just Add Hot Water!" For richer cocoa, try adding milk instead of water. However, milk calories should then be added to total calories.)
cans
Hi- I've never ordered this product with marshmallows, but the expiration dates have always been good when I have ordered my item.
The expiration date on the shipment I received on Dec. 3, 2014, is October 2015.
That product comes with 10 packets or envelopes to the box. This is the Asin for the box with 6 packets or envelopes to the box B00CTITBOW I hope this answers your question! :)
May 20,2015
I'm not sure. I answered the label information in an extensive post on the Amazon site, weeks ago. I don't believe it said anything about being "Gluten free".
There are 6 containers in a case.
According to the package it makes 21 servings of 4 oz each or 84 oz. My daughter drinks 28 oz - 32 oz a day and we open a new can every 2 - 3 days.
They show them on the container. If you can't see them off amazon, then go to luckyvitamin.com, and check them out on there. We love this product though. We are starting to make our own formula. You can check that out in Weston a price.
You would get 2 cans for that price.
12.7 oz for only 3 cans in this case but you do get free shipping. thanks to your notification to us, we did buy 4 cases (12 total) at this price, we usually pay about 11.50 per can + shipping, so this was still a great deal at about $9/can total. Thank you!
Mine came 6 in a carton two sets for a case total 12 cans.
There are 6 cans in the case
Hi, i believe it is under the product description tab in amazon but i would have to research it a bit more. So sorry i couldn't help more, but search for that other tab. Thanks!
6
There are probably two cans.
I've never heard of Swerve, so I can't say. But I have used Splenda. Erythritol is only about half as sweet as Splenda is. I've come to realize Erythritol is a sweetener best not used alone. The easiest (and cheapest) way to try it is to buy you some Truvia sweetener at the grocery store. It has both Erythritol and Stevia in it and the two together make a good sweetness.
It's granular
I have to be honest and tell you that I threw out this particular package after putting the erythritol in another container. The other brand I have in the cabinet (Wholesome sweeteners Zero) says 6g. As long as the ingredients list reads erythritol only (no other additives or mixes of sugar subs), I am not picky about brands. I go for good price and prime eligibility. That said, if you do some research on sugar alcohols, you will find that the carbs are considered negligible for erythritol. It does not affect blood sugar levels (non-glycemic). It is absorbed in the intestines but comes out almost unchanged. BTW, I use 1 tablespoon (like things sweet) in my morning coffee (giant cup), and it definitely has the laxative effect some sources indicate.:-)
Now's website "www.nowfoods.com" says the following: 100% Pure; Pleasant-tasting Natural Sweetener; Great for Reduced-Calorie and Sugar-Free Recipes; Zero Calories; Low Glycemic Impact; Naturally Sweet; Same Great NOW Taste; Brand New Look!; Non-GMO While it isn't labeled "Organic" the corn source is stated to be Non-GMO. Hope this is helpful.
I went to go look and I didn't notice any kosher cert. Sorry.
Pkg does not say, but it has no taste. 70% as sweet as sugar? It adds no sweetness even in big (expensive) dollops.
Can you please explain why? Erythritol can be used 1:1 with a slightly less sweet taste and no after taste. It also does not cause any of the stomach ailments other sugars do. I also use it with liquid stevia such as vanilla or lemon and just add a bit of extra flour or cut back a dropper full of liquid. Hope that helps. I haven't found a good brown sugar substitute yet though with erythritol. Maybe someone else has?
Now's website "www.nowfoods.com" says the following: 100% Pure; Pleasant-tasting Natural Sweetener; Great for Reduced-Calorie and Sugar-Free Recipes; Zero Calories; Low Glycemic Impact; Naturally Sweet; Same Great NOW Taste; Brand New Look!; Non-GMO While it isn't labeled "Organic" the corn source is stated to be Non-GMO.
No,it's caffeine free.Works really well,it's also helps baby with colics or upset tummy.I drink every day 3 to 5 times.Taste great!
Yes
Yes, he can drink it. There are plenty of benefits, not just for pregnant women.
Not sure if it would be more effective or not, but I think it would taste awful. It's really bitter as is, just FYI.
It says it is USDA organic certified. And it says it was manufactured in Canada. It doesn't say specifically where it is harvested.
Hi Mr. Bertaut, I have not had an experience where the tea bag I open did not have a string attached. I believe it could be a an error when processing the tea bage some strings may not have been attached. I used to buy my tea at a health store and they did not come with a string attached just x amount of tea bags pre-packaged. I really hope this has answered your question regarding the lack of strings in some of the tea bags.
I brew 3 bags at one time with the proper amount of water (24oz for 3 bags) and I drink it for half of day then brew 3 more in the afternoon and drink it all by bedtime. I would not have the patience to drink a cup at a time. It has worked amazingly for me. I add almond, coconut or soy milk to mine.
Absolutely! I have also made sun tea in a personal bottle, mixed it with watered down apple juice or lemonade to change it up. It is an excellent tea.
If it has K or U on the box then yes it is.
It tastes like black licorice at first, then an aftertaste of pure disgusting. It helped me!
yes
I'm not quite sure if it helps with the other breast producing more milk or not I just started it seems like it helpsI think that you should nurse the baby on the other breast as much as possible to produce more milk.I have nursed seven children so I prettymuch know everything about it
None at all. Actually been losing weight easily. Very happy with the increased milk production and no side effects.
Yes, I like mine with a little sugar and honey!
I noticed a small difference in about three days...that was drinking two cups a day. But, I really think it is the relaxing part that helped more (in other word, tea helps me to relax). I REALLY love black liquorice, so I love this tea. If you don't like that flavor, I would skip it.
I noticed a difference the same day. It was recommend drinking before a feed but I usually brew up 3 bags in about 4 or so cups of water, then enjoy through out the day.
Hello, Yes you may order just one box, we added a listing for just one. 4.99 ea. Thank You.
It's more for coating and soothing a sore throat. If your throat is in pain, this will certainly help. I've never tried it for congestion, but any hot drink will normally help with that as well
No.
It does have a licorice taste. According to my cardiologist it's ok to drink
They are. I put them into my composter. No problems. And the tea is delicious and so soothing to my throat.
Hello, we are sorry to inform that we only sell by the case. If you have any other question please feel free to write back or call.
Hello Lilly, It depends really bc different teas have different prices...if you mix whatever ones are priced the same, sure absolutey. But if you choice is mixed from different priced teas, we will have to charge the difference. Thank You
Reading from the box I currently have it says: ...dandelion roots are sustainably harvested from the wild meadows of Poland and Bosnia. Dug up, separated from the stems, leaves and flowers, washed and dried, the roots are then roasted whole before being cut up to be used in this tea. No definitive answer as to where made, but a little info....hope this helps.
No, this is caffeine free. But let me tell you this is a perfect substitute for coffee.
Yes, the only ingredient listed is 100% organic dandelion root. My nutritionist recommend it to me and I really like it. Very different taste but pleasant. Enjoy.
Yes, besides helping to remove toxins from the body, it also helps keep hot flashes at bay. I usually drink one cup per day.
2017
Yes.
The expiration date on the box I have left is for the Year 2017. I use it daily, so it doesn't last long.
They say it is a naturally caffeine free herbal tea.
As much as you want and drink anything else at the same time.
I'm not sure about that specifically but any water for tea should not be boiled. The ideal time/temp font tea water is just before it boils. (If you listen to your tea kettle there is a distinctive sound just before the boil starts.) Boiling removes the oxygen from the water and flattens the taste if the tea.
IT is marketing only (Kombucha part anyway) I brew Kombucha and even when you start...if the water is too hot (as in brewing temp) it will kill the culture. You have to cool your starting batch (to an optimal 75-80 degrees) before introducing the Kombucha culture or mother. I am sure the rest of the ingredients have antioxidant and other values so it is not all bad but Kombucha is a cold tea, room temp at best.
Yes, there are 6 boxes and each box has 16 tea bags for a total of 96 tea bags.
On the box of Kombucha it states "Each bag contains approximately 30 mg of caffeine, as compared to approximately 90 mg in 8 oz of coffee". I didn't know it came in caffeine free.
This kombucha tea is a green tea with amazing medicinal properties!!! I have been drinking it for easily 6+++ years and it has warded off all illnesses for me. Upper respiratory, flu, colds etc this product is an excellent elixir for health and a bountiful aresenal to keep you very healthy!!!
Kombucha has a settling and positive effect on the digestive system--ie, the stuff actually works. But too much just pushes the system out of balance again. And by balance I mean pH levels and gut flora.
I don't think so. I haven't seen anything swimming around in it.
I love the smell and taste of this tea. The scent really wake me up in the morning or a little pick me up in the afternoon. As far as the benefit of the kombucha, Its questionable. Real live cultures Kombucha tea brew locally will have 10000x more potency. Been using this for 2 years daily now. Enjoy!
The front of the box, in the lower right corner, it says caffeine free.
It sounds awful, but it's your body purging. It's actually a really old thing because your body is finally pushing to the surface what has been trapped. If you continue to drink it and treat your skin/acne as you normally would you'll notice the acne will clear up and your skin will look renewed. Oh and don't pick at the acne!!! If you aren't used to breakouts, use a gentle cleanser and a salycilic acid based serum or cleanser to dry them up, other wise let them be!! Good luck :-)
Not that I have experienced
Not that I am aware of, but I also don't drink it everyday. I have not broke out drinking it nor has my husband.
It has a hint of black licorice not overpowering
No it doesn't. It's more like a liver cleanse to get rid of toxins. I use it in conjunction with a smoothie regiment to detox.
Single servings
Yes
Hello, i drink it as an tea in the morning or an a lunch time and i like it very much. I did not test it as an ice tea.
Yes
It is not recommended for pregnant or nursing women to drink this tea. Although it did not explain why, Mayo Clinic, recommended to avoid any herbal teas during pregnancy (Mayo Clinic, 2011). I took a look at my box of Yogi Bedtime tea right now and beneath the nutrition label, it has "WARNING: Consult your healthcare provider prior to use if you are pregnant or nursing, taking any medication or if you have a medical condition." I will also add that within the ingredient list, St. John's Wort Leaf and Flower is in the tea and it is known to be very incompatible with many common medications (i.e., antibiotics, blood thinners). As a student in the healthcare field, many women have asked me similar questions during their appointments with me and I also advise against it. Just because something is "organic" does not mean it is safe. There are no standard regulation of these herbs and its relative supplements, and we are not sure how standardize the packaging and processing of each ingredient within the tea is. It is measured by mg but each bag does not come standardized with a specific preset of milligrams of a certain herb. I think it's all thrown in a batch, mixed well, and then packaged from a large mixture. Herbs also are chemicals and therefore act like chemicals - just like a medication. Herbs can also cause side effects and those with sensitivities or allergies may find themselves with a rash or feeling sick from it. We also just don't have enough research stating the conclusive facts about its long term safety and efficacy. With pregnancy on board, taking this tea that has so many ingredients also make it difficult for your healthcare professional to decipher what would be the causative agent of someone's ailment - let alone what do about it should an ailment occur. There are other options for something warm and soothing to drink (i.e., hot water + lemon + honey, hot cocoa, warm milk). If it is trouble sleeping, vitamin B6 + Unisom (which is basically Benadryl (aka diphenhydramine)) is one of two options I know of that is a common first-step-alternative to prescribe for insomnia related to pregnancy. You should send a message to your healthcare professional to get the best advice on how to proceed with her insomnia though as everyone must be treated individually and have a certain medical background that may contradict her from having something as simple as Vitamin B6 + Unisom. Unfortunately, sleeping issues related to pregnancy is common (i.e., abdominal girth discomfort, back pain) and usually go away after delivery. Good luck. I hope this helps some. Reference: Mayo Clinic. (2011). Pregnancy week by week. Retrieved from http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/pregnancy-nutrition/PR00109/NSECTIONGROUP=2
Yes, it is.
I don't see why not. Just like regular iced tea, you may want to brew it stronger to make up for the ice melting.
No it does not- I don't like licorice either.
Yes it is sweet but I like it. I even but honey in it as well. It does work well to relax your body and mind before bedtime.
No it's awesome and slightly sweet ! Very calming!
I am not sure what caused the price increase.
Each pack of Yogi contains 16 tea bags. What I order is 6 of these packs in a box. So you would get 6*16 = 96 tea bags that is good for about month and half on average of 2 bags a day use. so I've setup subscribe and save for every 2 months.
Grapeseed Extract 27mg, Emblic Fruit (Amla)Extract 27mg, Proprietary Blend of Herbs 1,946mg, The following items Daily Value not established: Organic lemongrass,green tea leaf, licorice root, alfalfa leaf, burdock root, dandelion root, Irish Moss Power and Jasmine Green Tea Leaf.
I think some herbal contain caffeine. You might follow the introduction and avoid it. Good luck!
This tea in particular has a citrus flavor - lemongrass, with a slight as licorice and jasmine. Overall slightly sweet. I add lemon. If you want to know what other flavors Yogi has, search on "Yogi Teas":
Yes, a small amount that is much less than regular coffee but more than decaffeinated..
They are vacuumed sealed so just like a can of coffee the shelf life is a few years
I put the dimples side down. Although, I'm not really sure if it makes any difference! If I remove them from my old Illy caf machine immediately after use they don't stick. If yours stick, try just pushing the brew button without the handle attached, and that should blow them out. That's what I do if one gets left in there over night. Good luck!
I don't think you can. I looked up your machine, and it looks like it takes pods that are specifically for that machine. These Lucaffe pods are called ESE pods (don't know what that stands for). So, I'd say don't get them. Good luck!!
drink pero its much better that postum I did not care for the taste.
The container says there are 133 servings. I generally put one teaspoon in my coffee mug. One is these usually lasts me several months.
No, it's not. I switched from decaf to this due to acidity in the decaf and have had a huge improvement in my GERD symptoms. It makes awesome "iced coffee" also.
It is made of barley, barley malt, chicory, rye. I understand that gluten develops when you mix wheat or rye flour with water and work it into bread dough. I would therefore be inclined to think that there is no gluten in this product. BUT having said that, I have a relative with gluten intolerance and understand that you need to be 100% certain. On my can of Pero, (=Caro) that I bought in Germany, it says that you can call them at 01149-69 66718888 or contact them at www.nestle.de They will be able to answer this I am sure. And give you the necessary accuracy. The can of Pero that I bought on Amazon I do not have anymore, but I think the product is identical to the Caro that I bought in Germany.
The indgredients listed are: barley, malted barley, chicory, and rye. That's it. Not sure if that makes it gluten free or not.
yes it is made in Germany...hope this helps
NONE! It's up to you to provide the proper conditions for it to bloom. I have a green thumb but I had no luck with this plant. I kept it for about 1 year, then threw it out.
Considering the weather, this gardenia definitely needs to be protected--so inside, except on exceptionally warm, sunny days for brief outings--have to watch for sunburn, too! With care (look up in good plant book for soil content and vitamins) gardenias can get pretty big--my uncle has a hedge of them! Careful re-potting when beginning to be root bound important. I kept one alive inside for years--loved the smell.- Good luck. Janice
Gardenia plants outside can grow three or four fet tall;potted will grow slower. Mine more than doubled in size the first year in a pot on my deck. It has been blooming for weeks in a sunny window in my house--about two-feet wide and 30 inches tall in the pot.
My Uncle in S. California has a hedge of gardenias, they only survive outaidw in comparable weather. Too cold where you live. Janice
It was about a foot and a half tall. I ordered two. The first one came in scraggly, I complained and they sent a beautiful one the second time. I don't think they intentionally sent a bad plant, I think the truck was slow and the plant got sick the first time. They were great about it! I would totally use them again!
I agree with the other responder....1-1 1/2 ft is about right. I even bought a special fertilizer for it. Mother loved it. Her smeller has pretty muh deserted her in recent years and she could only look but could not smell. It did have a delightful fragrance. Unfortunately, it got some mysterious ailment and died. We gave it a proper burial service and wished it well. I bought a peony that had a wonderful vanilla gardenia fragrance. Every spring I am greeted with the biggest double heads and the most wondrous fragrance. If you have room outside for the peony, I highly recommend the gardenia peony...it's yummy, fairly hardy and only gets better with age...rather like me. ;)
They are not green. The picture looks green.
They are typical Fortune Cookies..with fortune in each one. Fresh.
Yes there are.
no
They come in an unmarked plastic bag. I suspect they weigh them, which account for people having diff amounts. I am still eating mine and they are fine....probably because each cookie is individually wrapped.
They do say Golden Bowl in a blue square box with a bowl with chopsticks logo.On the back is "Wonton Food Inc. Brooklyn, NY 11206"
I think so.
Per the Nutiva website: Nutiva packages our oil in three types of materials: Glass jars, clear PET and white HDPE. We have found the white HDPE holds up better for shipping via UPS or USPS during the hot summer months. Also note Nutiva containers are made without BPA. Bisphenol A or BPA is used in some plastics and tin cans.
Nutiva has decided to drop the word "extra" from their new label. They claim that the quality is still the same.
The expiration date is stamped on the top of the lid to the jar.
Found this information on the internet; however, did not find anything on sun protection: Is coconut oil good for my skin and hair? We tell our patients that from the time of infancy through the senior years, coconut oil is a wonderful moisturizer for skin and hair. It has good amounts of the antioxidant vitamin E, which is very protective. If you are using on the skin regularly, it is best to try to find an organic coconut oil, to reduce the absorption of toxins and pesticides through your skin. We even recommend new parents massage infants with coconut oil after a bath. One 2005 study of 120 babies showed that a coconut oil massage is safe and has health benefits.
I bought 2 - 15 fl. oz. It was packed on 10/23/2013; best before 10/23/2015. It was placed in a cardboard box & sealed tight. No leakage. Hope that helps!
According to the product description, it's about 50% lauric acid, which is a medium chain fatty acid. This is a fully organic product, very healthy and relative to comparable market offerings a worthy value.
I would use it after a shower while still wet so that it is absorbed easier and would not leave you so greasy. Afterwards, just pat yourself dry. Experiment until you have the amount of moisturizer you prefer on your skin so you don't feel greasy.
Yes. See www.mercola.com and type in coconut oil & hair
No I have not, but I use it as deodorant, lotion, to take off make-up, you can even mix it with baking soda and a few other ingredients to make toothpaste!!!
It appears that the CO we have is listed as 54 OZ. Whether or not it is 24 OZ. we do not know. The product is listed at 54 OZ. I would recommend questioning Amazon relating to the question.
Yes, as long as you have the third adapter for ESE pods
You have to have the Lavzza coffee brewer which is very expensive. I wasted my money buying these. All I got from my one cup brewer was light brown just like you. I wish they would state that and prevent us from wasting our money.
Not sure..I have a delonghi..i will say they are yummy!!! Sorry I can't be more specific.
It has to say you can use E.S.E. pods.
These fit well with the machine I had and my machine take the pod and not the cups. But there were great
I never heard of FDA approval for cooking oil. Try the G.R.A.S list.
I believe the arsenic issue arises from growing rice on former cotton fields where they used arsenic to control pests. California grown rice is not grown on former cotton fields, thus there is only naturally occurring arsenic found in the soil, if any. Arsenic is something to be very concerned about, in any amount, and I would never buy any rice product without knowing where it was grown.
http://www.honestfoods.com/rice-oil-faq.html Best ask the company yourself. I'm just a user.
Actually I keep my Rice Bran Oil on top of my refrigerator. Not recommended. It just happened to be put there. You'll find you can use it in so many things you won't have it for long periods. I use it in almost anything I'd us veg oil in. Cakes cookies and anything I'd use to fry. Now don't get carried away but once in a while I even use it to fry something. it hasn't gotten rancid or changed color. It makes the difference or craving all the time if you can use it for the times you just have to have something. It doesn't change the taste either. Hope this has helped.
Sorry,I don't remember, it has been so long. I buy mine at Trader Joe's now for fraction of the price.
it is a plastic container
We don't know the exact number. But we have used this oil for deep frying. This oil seems to be similar to coconut oil or Mazzola corn oil
Yes, it is the absolute best!!
I checked the label and it says Oils is naturally hazy. By minimally processing the oil, they are able to retain more of the wonderful anti-oxidants like gamma-oryzanol that makes it wonderful. Nothing is said about the way it was processed.
Not sure that you will get the same affect if you put it into something else but I would add flavor if you plan on making it up each time.
No this is not for yogurt starter. It is more like powdered milk or powdered buttermilk, to use in recipes to add the tart flavor of yogurt. It will not culture your milk and make yogurt.
Nowhere on the package is the product stated 'organic'. However, if not reconstituted before adding with other ingredients, the shelf life should be good up to a year.
It is not organic. This is real yogurt in powdered form. Therefore, when mixed it has the same shelf life of a Dannon or Yoplait cup of yogurt.
Use it as a condiment, not as a meal. You could rehydrate it with milk or water, but it won't taste like store bought yogurt.
I do not think there is any
The package says: it is 2.5 T/serving, 90 calories, 0 fat, 0 sugar and it is a dairy product. It has a good flavor but is reconstituted so it obviously doesn't compare to fresh yogurt. It thickens whatever you put it in so you can use in lieu of eggs. Instead of the 2 to 1 ratio recommended to re-hydrate; I would use a 3 to 1 ratio or higher depending on how thin you want it. My family thinks it is better than whey protein in smoothies. Cherie B.
I don't know the answer to that, however this product really does not taste like yogurt at all. More like milk powder. Which you can get for cheap at any grocery store.
The consistency of the powder is like confectioner's sugar. The thickness of the resulting liquid depends on how much water you add. To be on the safe side, Google the recipe for yogurt covered pretzels.
I Googled your question. Several results appeared on the screen. Apparently, the powder is called a "starter." I discovered that entering any question in the search box will give you the answers you are looking for.
It was written on my label at the very bottom. It's 1/4 cu. powder to 1/2 cu water - you have to whisk it, then let it sit for a few minutes. It thickens if you refrigerate it.
I can't tell you for certain what the standard shelf life is but mylar bags or canning jars would certainly extend it. Don't forget to add an oxygen absorber too!
Ingredients: Sour Cream (Cream solids, cultured non-fat MILK), citric acid, and TBH. No sugar.
The package says TBH.
1/2 cup of sour cream powder to 1/4 cup of water. You can chill or serve right away.
Powdered sour cream. Pretty good to have on hand.
I've never looked for anything specific, only browsed their products. It seemed to me that everything they offer is listed on the site. I know you can contact them for specific items they don't sell and they will attempt to find it for you from another distributor. I don't think they have a very large inventory of product but that may be due to the current time of year. Hope this helps.
I have not had any go bad if it is unopened, but I found that it needs to be refrigerated after opening or it will grow mold on top. I would recommend using within 4 weeks of opening if it is kept refrigerated.
Pure cane sugar, prickly pear cactus, lemon, citrus pectin.
Hi Jeremy, The price from Cheri's Desert harvest is about $16.00 for the 23 oz bottle. I think you may be seeing some sort of special on Amazon that gives you 2 bottles and some prickly pear jelly.
I haven't used the pure but the syrup combines completely with another liquid. I have mixed it in with lemonade and it is delicious. Once it is mixed, it doesn't separate at all. I imagine a pure might separate. Then I can use the lemonade llain or as a mixer with rum or vodka. Yum!
From the R.N. Witmer company website (http://witmerproducts.com/pbutter.html): The model 100 is for standard-sized 16 oz jars that are 4.75 inches high with a 77 mm (3 inch) diameter lid. The model 300 is for 16 oz jars with a "small mouth" 70 mm (2-3/4 inch) diameter lid. They have many more models to choose from - check their web page.
If you look at the manufacturer's site there is also shipping and handling of $5.95. Amazon is free shipping for Prime customers and also free shipping on some sites for $35.00 orders. Hope this helps.
If its larger than the jar, just hold it down-works fine. If its smaller than the jar it probably won't work.
I use it on 16 OZ. However if the jar top on 26 oz is the same size at Smuckers 16 oz it should work. Really like it.
I've only used the 100 model to stir peanut butter. Never used the 300 model.
I washed mine by hand since it was such a small item but I don't see why it couldn't be put in the dishwasher since it is mostly metal.
Mine is silver with a white handle.
I doubt it will fit a mason jar. I buy Laura Scudders natural peanut butter, and it doesn't quite fit that jar. But if I hold it in place, it does fine
I went to Witmer's website, measured my Kroger brand natural peanut butter jar and found the matching lid using their chart.
It is used for glass bottle that has right open size with the cap inside the pack Never used for can before,
It looks like a quarter.......just gold. Tastes good too!
Hi Lori..I don't remember, as I ordered them 2 years ago. You should be able to ask that question to the seller. Good Luck, Patty
Yes, all the same size about the size of a dollar coin. GREAT! Used it for my kids pirate birthday party, it was a hit!
I just checked the shipping log and it says 6lbs. Assuming the box and packaging weighed something, I'd estimate about 5.5lbs.
Hi Julia, The ingredients on the label read; "extra virgin olive oil, truffle and truffle flavor". There are truffle shavings in the oil. Nothing else. The truffle flavor is fairly strong so they have somehow infused the oil. I'd never had truffles before so it is an acquired taste. I like to experiement. I think I liked the garlic oil the best. I was very happy with this product.
I did because the herbs settle at the bottom but it does not make the flavor any stronger. The flavor is already infused. It's just a habit.
I am not sure if the product is organic. I gave it as a gift and don't have it to refer to.
I'm not sure what will be total shipping charges, as charges are calculated automatically by Amazon. You can try ordering two sets without ordering them and you will get an idea. Sorry for not being able to give you better answer.
Ingredients as listed: Fructose, Lychee Juice, Xanthan Gum, Lychee flavor, malic acid, potassium sorbate, acesulfame potassium, sodium citrate. So it does appear to have the dreaded high fructose corn syrup. Tastes good though and happy with product otherwise. Very authentic lychee flavor.
It doesn't, at least the ones I've received haven't had them.
I cannot answer because I thought it was such a terrible product I threw it out!
Hi Kangull, Thanks so much for contacting us. We are delighted to help. *What is the shelf life of bubble tea products? This depends on the manufacturer. The powders typically have a shelf life of 12-18 months. Tapioca pearls or bobas have a shelf life of approximately 6-9 months. The juice syrups have a shelf life of approximately 9-12 months. or until the expiration date. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us. Thanks and have a wonderful day! -- Sincerely, Home of Coffee
It's supposed to be made from leeched fruit. I am not at home to look at the exact ingredients but I can tell you, it tastes very good. My husband uses it to make Lychee martins. He loves it.
There are many sellers of these noodles on Amazon. Check the specific deal to see what is being offered. Also Google for sources outside of Amazon. There are many other brands of the same item as well. One word of advice on any noodle of this kind: if you want a sauce to stick, drain the noodles then dry them in a hot skillet. They won't stick (no carb!) and if they are at all wet, sauces will not adhere. Also, if you buy long noodles, you might want to cut them into shorter lengths (I use scissors while they're in the strainer), becasue they do not bite-off easily as do grain-based noodles.
Hello Shirley, there are dry noodles available but only in China or Japan and they are a lot higher in carbs and calories for some reason. The wet Shirataki noodles are far superior. Thanks, Jason
I think they need to be refrigerated.
None. All soluble fiber which fills you up without calories and tajes toxins with it on the way out.
My expiration date on our order was fine...I was worried about it too...i think the exp date was 2016
yes
Expiration of cans are November 2017
Usually it's about a year.
I worried about the same thing. Ive ordered several cases and all have had at least 1 year left until expired. This website has been a lifesaver this year bc Alimentum is expensive in the stores.
When I was buying Alimentum from here, all of them always had the MAY 2015 expiration date. Most formulas do have a good length expiration. For more accurate one, the manufacturer might be able to help
You have plenty of time. I just bought a can from a store about 2 days ago and it says "best used by November 1st, 2016". Since the can is only 1 lb, it goes very quick. Unfortunately I have not seen them make it in a larger size. Hope this helps!
There is none. These are highly specialized, highly processed products that are used by very few babies fortunately (sadly mine among them). It stopped her diarreah in 12 hours, and she immediately began to thrive and gain weight. I wouldn't muck around for anything trying to find cheap substitutes. That said, it is outragously expensive, and should be subsidized at a minimum (national health care would be better), and it smells quite nasty. I have been told that it can be difficult to get the infant to take the formula after 3 months because they develop a sense of taste, so don't wait. The cheapest I have found is $119.99. Beware of scam artists out there. Don't ever buy off of ebay, etc. and always check the expiration date. Good luck.
I am so sad about the Kellogg's stuffing being discontinued!! It actually made me cry tonight when I learned of it. I know that sounds silly but my mom just passed away 3 1/2 weeks ago. She had made this stuffing every year for Thanksgiving and since she had a stroke 11 years ago and couldn't prepare the meal any longer due to her physical disabilities, I have followed in her footsteps and made this wonderful stuffing for the family. So when I learned tonight about Kelloggs's not making it anymore, I broke down. It's just another part of my Mom that I've now lost. Thanks for listening. :)
Bubbles, I have searched everywhere to no avail. I did read from a post that it was discontinued by Kellog's, why I have no idea!! I like you only used them. So did so many others. If I find them or any further info I will post. Maybe we ALL should contact Kellogs!
Please click on the link to sign the petition to bring Kellogg's stuffing mix back! http://www.petitionspot.com/petitions/kelloggsstuffing/ Thanks and sorry if you already signed! :)
No I want it back I used this ever sine it came out and my kids grew up eating this. Baaaaah
All are open.
Haven't ordered recently, but the shipment I bought in 2011 was made earlier that year, so recent stock. Shelf life is 4-5 years depending on storage conditions.
According to the manufacturer, the product is halal and kosher (some are marked with a hechsher...some are not). I have purchased these rations many times over the years and the company used to enclose a notice that the product's kashrut standard could be obtained by writing to them (they must use various certifying authorities). That said and you should, of course consult with your own LOR (local orthodox rabbi)...but halachah permits suspension of the laws of kashrut in life-threatening situations...which are the very conditions these rations are intended for use in. Kol tuv, Wendy, for considering whether this product meets religious dietary standards.
Currently we are shipping food that was manufactured in Jan 2015
Yes, wheat is the main ingredient.
In the U.S. http://survivorind.com/index.html
These are basically super high concentration energy bars. Loads of calories, protein, vitamins and minerals in a very small package. You could carry enough food to keep you alive for a week in one hand. That's why I like these. Not because they are tasty (that's a matter of opinion) but I could carry a month's worth of food in a briefcase. That's light and compact enough for anyone's emergency needs. PS, no water needed.
If you clock in to hurt yourself at a buffet twice a week, then no, you will not be satisfied. It will keep you alive and did not cause me to crave water when I tested them. They fill a little oily (just a little) but that makes them go down easier. These are meant as an emergency, not as a meal substitute like a balance or slim fast bar.
One portion is one "cube", and there are nine cubes per individual package. Each portion is 400 calories so 9x400 gets your 3600 cals per package. In a case of ten you would have 90 cubes (servings of 400 cals) although once the package is opened you should quickly (in a few days) consume the rest of that package's servings.
It is a product of Singapore.
The term provided is sugar. From the package of Gold Kili All Natural Instant Ginger drink the ingredients, that I read on the label at the Amazon site, include glucose, sucrose, fructose. Sucrose is a disaccharide also known as white sugar, table sugar, among other terms; fructose is a monosaccharide that bonds to glucose to form sucrose. I have no idea of the quantities or formulation of these ingredients in the Gold Kili All Natural Ginger Drink.
As for as I know, honey is the only thing it's said to be infused with so any sweetness would come from that.
Short answer: YES. The company says: "Real Salt does contain naturally-occurring iodine, but not enough to satisfy the recommended daily allowance of 150 micrograms. Real Salt doesn't provide the recommended daily allowance of protein, either. Or fat. Because nature intended salt to provide our bodies with sodium chloride and trace minerals! So, instead of using chemically-processed, unhealthy salt in order to get iodine, we like to stick with Real Salt and get naturally occurring iodine from other delicious sources like kelp, yogurt, eggs, strawberries, and mozzarella cheese." Quote taken from this link. Read it, it is interesting! http://realsalt.com/sea-salt/does-real-salt-have-the-iodine-we-need/
I'm finding it for half price on other sites as well, but the shipping cost makes it the same as the prime price. Is that what you're talking about?
No it is not heated.
From the bag: "Long ago in what is now Central Utah, Native Americans found a mineral-rich salt deposit from an ancient sea when they saw deer eating the soil. In 1959,Milo and Lamar Bosshardt were struggling to keep their family afloat when they discovered that this salt deposit extended beneath their land. They began selling the salt to local farmers for their animals and heard reports the farmers were using the salt to season their own food. People insisted this 'real' salt made available for everyday use and the brand was born"
Yes, it is unrefined. Nothing is added or taken out. The taste is superb.
Sodium chloride
I see no mention of aluminum. It is a good product...
Raymond, my most recent purchased bag of Redmond REAL SALT has an expiration date of 07.04.2029. SALT is a preservative so you good to go! The only thing this particular salt will do is clump if high humidity exists. You'll go to use the salt shaker and nothing will come out because it has clumped together--NO PROBLEM. Just tap the salt shaker a couple of times on the table so it breaks loose and then use it freely. The clumping does not affect taste or shelf life. ENJOY!
This one can be poured straight into into the salt shaker. They also have coarse salt that probably does need to be ground: http://smile.amazon.com/One-16-Ounce-Real-Salt-Coarse/dp/B001CM8RZU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1401558680&sr=8-1&keywords=real+salt+coarse
yE\\\ Yes, if you order the fine it is just like table salt. You can also order coarse. I love this salt, it tastes much better than table salt .
Well, I'm annoyed. Bob's Red Mill popcorn came up in my search in Amazon for "organic popcorn." But there is nothing in the listing or the label to indicate that it is organic. And a search on Bob's Red Mill site brings up 3 pages of organic items but not this popcorn. This looks like a mistake on Amazon's part in how it was categorized. I may ask for a refund and I hope this note sets the record straight.
YES
Certified Organic / USDA Organic: At least 95 percent of content is organic by weight (excluding water and salt). The &lt;5% remaining ingredients must consist of substances approved on the USDA's National List. GMOs are NOT on this list, so USDA Organic products are also usually GMO-free. For verification, consult the following sources: The USDA's National Organic Program overview page The USDA's National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances The USDA's Organic 101 blog A 2011 USDA policy memo in response to confusion over GMOs in organics The National Organic Standards Board Policy and Procedures Manual
About 1 tablespoon, depending on how far you depress the dispenser.
Hi , I don't know where they are from I use plastic wrap and a rubber band sometimes . Good luck !
I would NOT buy a Monin pump. When you buy plastic bottle it does NOT work. Use daVinchi glass and their pump. When I wanted some help from Monin they did NOT email me back. Yes there should be a attachment, but, just by a regular pump. MK
Measured 1 1/8th inch in diameter
Sorry, I have no idea if it will fit a Davinici plastic bottle, I've never had a Davinici plastic bottle. I do know that Monin pumps do not fit Torani bottles.
The Ingredients are: Pure cane sugar, water natural and artificial peach flavor, citric acid, FD&C Yellow#5, FD&C Red#40. Hope this helps =) I like this syrup very much!!! =)
Yes
I think you may have asked the wrong person. My comment was as follows: "I was introduced to a peach-flavored iced latte at work, and decided I wanted to try and made them at home. This syrup worked great! Highly recommended!". I'm afraid I can't tell you what is in it.
I contacted the manufacturer and they said that ALL of their products are PEANUT and TREE nut free! So no cross contamination!
It means annoying manufacturer packaging is eliminated (think those plastic cases that you need and arc welder and dynamite to get into). It is essentially open the amazon box, and viola your product (in this case the candy will likely still be in a sealed bag of some sort)
I don't think there was an expiration date on the bag. The candy was fine and it made a cute birthday party treat.
I am not certain, but I believe this company is in Canada.
It's a lot. According to other retailers it is about 200 pieces per pound so 600 roughly.
No peanuts, no food label
There was not anything except for a clear plastic sack.. Besides lots of sugar this is what my guess would be Dextrose, citric acid, calcium stearate, artificial flavors, artificial colors (FD&C Red 40 lake, Blue 1 lake, Yellow 5 lake, Yellow 6 lake). Manufactured in a facility that processes peanuts, tree nuts, soy, wheat and dairy products. Found on another website with selling the same candy hope this helps
oregon marion blackberries,sugar,fruit pectin,citric acid
24oz
Yes it does but that is why I buy preserves. I don't like just jelly. I hope this helps. These are worth the money and very yummy. I hope its not due to you having Crohn's or anything. Enjoy and Happy holidays.
24
the product i recieved was not expired but even if it was a little expired it wouldnt bother me its not like the chemical are going to fade away .
yes
Either raspberry or lemon....very tasty
crushed ice, water or milk. Your preference on that. Everything else is in the mix. Come out like the best thick Mocha Frapp you have ever had.
Yes
No.
First 4 ingredients are Sugar, coconut oil, corn syrup solids, nonfat milk.......
If you are using the recommended serving size and using water, there are 190 calories, 9g fat (8g being saturated), 26g carbs, and 20g sugar. If you are using skim milk, obviously add the nutritional values of however much skim milk you are using. Hopefully this helps :)
yes, but just does not taste as good or as creamy of course. if you cannot use milk, try rice milk or coconut milk they are better than just water :)
Good question. Glad you asked. I have something like 17 Irish Breakfast Teas, all in bags, because... well, I'm too old and too lazy to fiddle with washing those little metal ball things. Twining's was, typically, my first IBT. Punjana my second, Barry's my third. ALL were excellent, but Bewley's Dublin Morning AND Bewley's IBT are superior, IMO. You didn't ask, but Taylor's of Harrogate beats them all, and Whittard's is top-notch also. Props to Trader Joe's for always being there when I want it, which isn't all that often. Republic of Tea's Pot of Gold Lucky Irish Tea, despite the verbiage, is great as well. Why not try them all? Bet you will buy them all again when you're out. I can't get enough of IBTs.
Barry's has a big square tea bag (with more tea in it than the average teabag). No string. They come in attached pairs that have to be separated.
No, I think it has a fair bit of caffeine.
In my experience the IB is definitely heartier than GB. Barry's is probably the most robust IB I've found with possible exception of the old Trader Joe's IB (which has now changed).
I'm not an expert and not sure either however I do know that the Irish Breakfast is really good, and I think slightly stronger than gold blend.
I only know that it is a blend of black teas but which teas I do not know. It is my favorite tea.
not very much
one
I received the proper mix, but have not been able to use it yet!
Dear Leesa, Yes it can. Here is a review from one of our satisfied customers: This ice cream mix is VERY yummy and VERY easy to make! We used it in the Cuisinart Soft Serve Ice Cream Machine and it was fabulously rich! Regards, Diane Customer Care
Ingredients: Dextrose, Corn Starch, Corn Syrup, Tapioca, Beef Gelatin, Artificial Flavors.
These are the original, melt in your mouth goodness from days gone by!
No..as I recall, the 'smoke' cigs had a paper wrapper on them..these are not those..just straight sugar!!!
Thank you for your inquiry. Candy Cigarettes are sugar sticks that have a sweet taste much like a Smarties.
No. And these are not like the old ones. Very skinny. No red tip. Not worth any price. I got them for a joke and didn't even use them. Very disappointed &#128542;
I didn't see a date on the box but I'm sure they'll be just fineI had them for least 3 months
These are not plastic wrapped, but they are really thin and didn't look like cigarettes at all. Definitely not like the ones I used to buy as a kid.
about 3" high
No they are not, they come inside a cigarette box
I have used up my bag of dark chocolate callets but my bag of dark chocolate bittersweet callers contains unsweetened chocolate, sugar, cocoa, soy lecithin as an emulsifier, natural vanilla flavor. It is gluten-free yet it also contains a warning that it may contain milk (maybe because it is produced in a place where milk is used as in its milk chocolate? I am not sure). To be 100% sure, you should contact Callebaut via its website. The block of dark chocolate is dairy and gluten free.
i just received a shipment and yes the label on the pkg says it contains soy lecithin
i use it to cover chocolate carmel turtles. i melt it in microwave for 1 to 1 and a half minutes. it comes out perfectly tempered and usable for my coverture.
They taste OK, just a little bland.
the ingredients on the bag I have say: unsweetened chocolate, sugar, cocoa processed with alkali, soy, lecithin,emulsifier,natural vanilla flavor,milk.
The second listed ingredient is sugar.
Melt in a double boiler using a wooden spoon to stir
Yes you must temperer this chocolate. This is not a hydrogenated chocolate.
The chips are normal chocolate chip size - like what you buy in the store from Hersheys, etc
ingredients: sugar,cocoa beans, cocoa butter, emulsifier(soya lecithin),natural vanilla extract,(this product may contain traces of nuts,milk and egg protein,gluten)
I had the same experience with this seller. Box was open, one of the bottles was missing. Contact Amazon, they will want to know something is amiss.
about 5 hours
Yes up to 20 ppm it says
I didn't buy pomegranate. I bought Pink Lemonade. exp 10/15
The Pomegranate 5 Hr Energy that I ordered a few months ago has now been consumed : &gt; ) and I don't have the packaging to look for the expiration date; however, it's unlikely that a box of 5 Hr Energy shipped now would have the same expiration date. I still have some 5 Hr Grape that I received, say, a month ago and the expiration date on it is October 2014.
Remember this is not a substitute for good nutrition. Eat a good protein meal three times a day. This is a vitamin/caffeine supplement that gives a little boost but that's about it. Be realistic.
Refrigerate for daily use, freeze for future use. I buy a few at a time and freeze the extra.
I am sorry, but that is a glitch on Amazon that we have been trying to have corrected for quite some time but it's unfortunately still an issue. The product should also not be listed as having free shipping. We can ship anywhere in the United States but shipping charges would apply. You can contact us directly at 877-446-8763.
I am sorry, but that is a glitch on Amazon that we have been trying to have corrected for quite some time but it's unfortunately still an issue. The product should also not be listed as having free shipping. We can ship anywhere in the United States but shipping charges would apply. You can contact us directly at 877-446-8763. best regards, Margaret igourmet
The pasteurization process begins once the cream is separated from the milk. The milk is warmed to just above 80C for 15 seconds. This comes from their website, kerrygoldusa.com. But, it only says pasteurized cream on the label.
About Shipping igourmet has a dedicated commitment to ensuring the safe, efficient delivery of our food products. To this end, we are constantly researching, developing and improving our FreshWave packaging system. During the summer months, we use an air tight, fully insulated, temperature retaining packaging system that keeps its contents cool for as many as 48 hours in ambient temperatures of up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit or 24 hours in temperatures up to 105 degrees. Through the use of the FreshWave packaging system, igourmet.com can absolutely guarantee that the food products you receive from us are in the same fresh condition as when they left our facility. The FreshWave system combines a reusable, seamless, molded cooler chest with a non-toxic refrigerant gel pack and strategically placed chips of dry ice. Your perishable foods are temperature controlled within the confines of the cooler, which itself is encased in an outer cardboard shipper. To further contain temperature escalation, we fill the remaining areas with void fill to minimize the amount of air circulating within the system. As an added bonus, you get to keep the cooler and the refrigerant gel packs to use for your next picnic or road trip. In the winter months, we may utilize a less robust system for the cooler states. About Shipping igourmet has a dedicated commitment to ensuring the safe, efficient delivery of our food products. To this end, we are constantly researching, developing and improving our FreshWave packaging system. During the summer months, we use an air tight, fully insulated, temperature retaining packaging system that keeps its contents cool for as many as 48 hours in ambient temperatures of up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit or 24 hours in temperatures up to 105 degrees. Through the use of the FreshWave packaging system, igourmet.com can absolutely guarantee that the food products you receive from us are in the same fresh condition as when they left our facility. The FreshWave system combines a reusable, seamless, molded cooler chest with a non-toxic refrigerant gel pack and strategically placed chips of dry ice. Your perishable foods are temperature controlled within the confines of the cooler, which itself is encased in an outer cardboard shipper. To further contain temperature escalation, we fill the remaining areas with void fill to minimize the amount of air circulating within the system. As an added bonus, you get to keep the cooler and the refrigerant gel packs to use for your next picnic or road trip. In the winter months, we may utilize a less robust system for the cooler states.
It was the foil pack. The butter is very good.
No. It's made in Ireland. It costs a bit more than regular American butter because of the cost of import, but it's sweeter than typical American butters. Very delicious. Excellent on fresh baked bread.
These are indeed Sweetened with Malitol. I don't know about you but I am exteremely sensitive to Malitol. So, I don't recommend them
I dont remember, but I imagine within specification must say them, buy them over a year ago.
Not enough to justify the cost at all. Totally was a waste of money, in my opinion. If I hadn't been having to order on line due to back problems, I could have probably purchased three of them at the grocery store for the same price. even though I have Amazon Prime so there was no "visible" delivery charge included.
I bought mine two weeks before Christmas.
Yes, but I can't remember which one. These are long gone.
I think it was six
The answer is yes, as others have indicated. The picture of the side of the bag that is on this site indicates that it is "Dutch process" by stating that it has "alkali". Good luck.
Personally, I kept my first bag for 3 years (or longer) on the lower door shelf of my refrigerator and had no problems, at all! My second bag I kept for almost 2 years in the same place. I still tasted the strong brute flavor in my homemade ice cream and brownie recipes, which are chemical free. Love it! I didn't pay attention to expiration dates--just experimented for myself. If it had to stay 5 years in my fridge, I'd still use it. That's how confident I am in this product, based upon my usage. Hope this helps.
cp776 is 2.2 lb bag, and cp777 is 11 lb bag. The cocoa itself, is the same.
We got plenty in this week, ready for shipment.
No, mine was in a durable plastic bag.
Yes, as far as I know the Callabaut Cocoa Baking powder is both gluten and dairy free. Please see attached link BARRY CALLEBAUT - NORTH AMERICA - DARK CHOCOLATE Barry Callebaut dark chocolate is used by confection makers, restaurants and bakers world-wide because it is a fantastic chocolate. The North American factory is a dedicated dairy-free facility, and they test for dairy. The North American factory also does not produce any gluten or nut products, however, they do not test or monitor sourcing. I use this chocolate for many recipes. Dairy Free (processed on a dedicated dairy-free, dark chocolate North American factory line & tested for milk.) Kosher Certified Vegan (no animal products are processed on their dark chocolate line) Soy: Contains small amounts of soy (soy lecithin is used for consistency) **Gluten: currently, gluten products are not processed in the North American Factory, however, there is no testing for this at the moment. **Nuts: currently, nuts are not processed in the North American Factory, however, there is no testing for this at the moment. Some European factories do process nuts, so please do your own research. Organic Status: not certified organic GMO Status? Currently Unknown. **It's always best to do your own research and match your personal allergens with those of the company. www.barry-callebaut.com RECIPES Check out Tender Palate's gluten & dairy-free recipes for Almond Cognac Truffles (contains nuts) & for our Coconut Truffles using Callebaut.
The first time I purchased this product, it was $29 and some change and the last time, which was within the last year or two, it was $32.95 so $24.99 is not a bad price. Not sure where Cooks Illustrated purchased it. Is it possible that whatever you were reading was several years old? That being said, this is worth the money. Everything I bake/make with it is absoutely delicious and gets rave reviews from everyone I serve it to.
I've heard green tea in general helps with weight loss, but I haven't noticed anything significant while drinking this tea. I buy it because it's the best tasting tea I've ever had.
None here, but I suppose that sort of issue would vary, person to person.
I think it might help a bit, nothing drastic. Yogi does make other tea formulas that I have seen at the store specifically for helping get regular and also colon cleansing. But I've never tried them.
It tastes like blueberries but more on the bland side but you can always add honey or agave to adjust to your liking. Yes it is worth getting the tea keeps me awake and gives me more energy to work out. But you have to try it for yourself since two bodies are not alike. Good luck!
Dec 2016
According to the box there is No stevia in it. I wouldn't be able to drink with an artificial sweetener.
Yes, there are 96 bags total. Great deal!
It is delicious!
yes!!!
yes - 6 boxes - 16 bags each
6
It comes pure because you can blend at home with anything you want and use it as a base for many drinks. For example milk shakes. Besides you can buy it ready with other flavours
Ingredients listed is just coconut water nothing else. No sugar is added. Which is why I prefer Zico over others like Vita which add "fruit juice."
water is better for you but this stuff tastes good- low sugar alternative to other drinks
only comes with straw, better go for resealable
says not from concentrate. also has some very slight pulp
Oh my, you are right it's $9.50 at DEALSPL AND NOW $25 ON AMAZON???
Yes, about 3-4 months from delivery receipt day. Hope that helps. AB
A 4.8 pH is actually not too bad. 7 is exactly neutral, but since pH is based on a logarithmic scale 4.8 isn't that far off. Wikipedia has a nice entry on pH and some comparison points: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PH 4.8 is more acidic than coffee, but less than beer, apple/orange juice, and cola.
Coconut water and coconut oil are distinctly different from each other. I would say coconut water could be substituted for a milk or liquid but definitely not an oil
I didn't have any problems with my order. I have already used up all of my first order of vanilla beans and placed a second order with the vendor.
Yes, vodka is the normal choice of alcohol to use when making homemade vanilla. It's what I use.
Oh, they stay plump for quite awhile, as long as you store them properly. I keep mine in an airtight vessel and they last for months with with extremely little shrinkage/dehydration. You mmust buy these beans! They are absolutely wonderful and the best price around; you get so many in one shipment. Even when you open the box, you'll be so happy because that fragrant vanilla (sealed in a bag) permeates through!
My first order contained only 48 beans in a half pound so I had to order another half pound in order to complete what I was working on. The 2nd order contained 66 beans.
Olive Nation is the company name; Madagascar Bourbon is a type of vanilla bean, and it makes a wonderful vanilla extract!
I have and it turns out good. In fact I haven't tried bourbon yet but have been meaning too.
I recall a slight odor when first opening the beans, but the brewed vanilla tastes and smells fantastic and doesn't retain any funky odor.
Unfortunately my beans also arrived as you described. Although they were listed as olive nation I believe they were distributed by JR Mushroom. I will not buy these again.
Yes they are vacuum sealed. They were very moist and fragrant. I have purchased twice from OliveNation.
There is no grade on the packaging, so I don't think they are grade A; but they are very, very good! Nice and plump, and they make EXCELLENT extract!!
Hi Diane B., For a 6 oz box of this mac and cheese: serving size is 2.5 oz. There are 4 grams of fat (but if prepared with 3 Tbsp. low-fat milk, add 0.5 gram fat) and 4 grams of sugars (51 grams carbohydrates total).
It says "rice pasta (white and brown rice flour)".
No, it it not dairy free. "Cheese from Cows not Treated with the Growth Hormone, rBST*" is one of the quotes on the box.
I would call the number on the box to make sure it wasnt a defective package. I've never had that particular issue with Annie's. :(
it could be the powder is not mixing. I always add a little milk with the powder in a bowl and whip it up before adding to the pasta and it comes out great.
Yes, you receive 6 boxes of the 6ct 1 ounce packages. Its the same 6ct box that you would buy in the super market.
medium sized pouches, would need a fairly large plastic egg i believe..
36 total individual packs, you get 6 6-packs.
yes
40 CALORIES PER STICK ACCORDING TO THE BOX LABEL
The orders that I have received have had current expiration dates (expired in several months). Nothing past due.
1/2016 or later
Thanks for your inquiry. Yes, we ship to the Virgin Islands. Have a great day!
Mine is Best By Dec 10 2014
They taste great. But I have never heard of anyone cooking them. You simply peel and eat.
round and small
About 4mo's
Less than 3.5 inches long.
yes
40 CALORIES PER STICK ACCORDING TO THE BOX LABEL
The orders that I have received have had current expiration dates (expired in several months). Nothing past due.
1/2016 or later
Thanks for your inquiry. Yes, we ship to the Virgin Islands. Have a great day!
Mine is Best By Dec 10 2014
They taste great. But I have never heard of anyone cooking them. You simply peel and eat.
round and small
About 4mo's
Less than 3.5 inches long.
yes
40 CALORIES PER STICK ACCORDING TO THE BOX LABEL
The orders that I have received have had current expiration dates (expired in several months). Nothing past due.
1/2016 or later
Thanks for your inquiry. Yes, we ship to the Virgin Islands. Have a great day!
Mine is Best By Dec 10 2014
They taste great. But I have never heard of anyone cooking them. You simply peel and eat.
round and small
About 4mo's
Less than 3.5 inches long.
I have no idea; I think this would be a question for the company itself to answer.
Let me help you with reading labels for gluten content (my mom is gluten intolerant). Gluten comes from many grains ie the seeds of the grain plants), but is not found in corn, rice, or oats and probably a few other exceptions I am not remembering right now. As the label for this tea, and all the Stash teas on this site say, the only ingredients are teas and spices, so no gluten. I do not know of a single tea in their line that has gluten, and my mom and I between us have tried quite a lot of their teas. I hope this helps you with your tea order, and with reading other labels :)
Black tea has one half the amount of caffeine as coffee and a bit more than green tea.You can Google to get a comparison and amounts (white ,green black tea & coffee). This Stash tea also comes in decaf.
yes
40 CALORIES PER STICK ACCORDING TO THE BOX LABEL
The orders that I have received have had current expiration dates (expired in several months). Nothing past due.
1/2016 or later
Thanks for your inquiry. Yes, we ship to the Virgin Islands. Have a great day!
Mine is Best By Dec 10 2014
They taste great. But I have never heard of anyone cooking them. You simply peel and eat.
round and small
About 4mo's
Less than 3.5 inches long.
yes
40 CALORIES PER STICK ACCORDING TO THE BOX LABEL
The orders that I have received have had current expiration dates (expired in several months). Nothing past due.
1/2016 or later
Thanks for your inquiry. Yes, we ship to the Virgin Islands. Have a great day!
Mine is Best By Dec 10 2014
They taste great. But I have never heard of anyone cooking them. You simply peel and eat.
round and small
About 4mo's
Less than 3.5 inches long.
The recipe recommends red wine such as Merlot or Shiraz. You need 2, 750ml bottles. I used Barefoot California Merlot. I've tried several recipes, and the one that tasted best was a variation of the recipe on the package. The recipe calls for first combining 1/2 c. sugar, 1 c. water, and the spice bag in a saucepan. You bring that to a boil for about 10 minutes until you have a thick syrup. I didn't like the results, so I've experimented. My favorite recipe adds an extra 1/2 c. sugar and a c. of apple juice. Then I boiled the sugar, water, spice bag, and apple juice at a rapid boil until half the mixture was gone. I then reduced the temperature to a simmer and added the wine. I let that simmer for half an hour. You never let it boil once you've added the wine. The result was delicious and tasted just like the gluhwein I had in Germany.
I have not made it yet, but one packet comes with two spice bags and the directions say to use one bag with two (750 ml) bottles of wine or non-alcoholic juice, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 cup water, and orange slices = 10 servings. In sum, according to the directions, a packet containing two bags = 20 servings.
Yes, it is in stock now.
German Gluhwein: They call it ten servings mixed with two 750 mL bottles of wine per bag of spices. Two bags were provided in the "twin pack" and it is quite strong. You will need four bottles of wine for the entire thing.
Just got a case this week and the expiration date is 11FEB14. I know I won't have them anywhere near that long.
it's on Newman's web site ...http://www.newmansownorganics.com/funfacts1.html 5 grams of protein, etc.
18 pretzels, 7 servings, 23 carbs, I sugar, 1 gram of fat and 4 gram of fiber! They are very good!
The nutrition info is on the back of the bag.
YOU CAN STORE THEM IN YOUR SUGAR CANISTER FOR ALMOST FOREVER. THEY WILL DRY OUT. THEY FLAVOR YOUR SUGAR AND SCENT IT SO NICELY. DON'T THROW THEM OUT WHEN YOU FINISH THE SUGAR, JUST ADD MORE SUGAR; I HAVE HAD THEM FOR YEARS. YOU CAN STILL SCRAPE THEM FOR YOUR BAKING. (separate them from the pack, of course, so they are surrounded by the sugar).
Not sure if it is a smoky smell or just a very heavy vanilla smell? These vanilla beans are the best you can find. They make amazing homemade vanilla and I also make vanilla sugar with them. And the best part is that you can reuse them after making your vanilla. This is where I grind them up into a vanilla sugar which can be used in coffee, tea....
Mine had about 25-30 large pods (bought about a year ago). I have used some already and they have a wonderful smell and make great homemade vanilla extract. Gifts! Some talked about mold, but I checked mine and none. I had wrapped them in another zip bag and now will store in the fridge. (just to be safe)
there isn't any rating on the package. I use these to make my own vanilla extract & they have worked well for that.
I have ordered these twice and never had a problem. I like them and will be ordering them again.
I had enough to make 5 1/2 pt bottles of extract. I think 4 or 5 beans per 1/2 pt. I split the beans and after a month it's hard to count them. I will say this The AROMA from the bottles is a wife of heaven. I am making gifts of 1/2 pint bottles. And a big one for me. The beans are perfect.
We got over 30. We put most of them into making our own vanilla used a few in making Kahlua and we still have a few more. They are awesome smells so good you want to eat it!
I used three beans in 375ml bottle with excellent results if you are referring to vanilla extract. I split them down the middle, filled the bottle, and waited about 4 weeks, maybe a bit longer. Shaking whenever I thought about it. I would say there were at least 15 vanilla beans so you are looking at 1.875L if I'm correct. If you put more beans per bottle you would probably be able to top off the vodka more often.
It varies by weight. Look at the manufacturers website for answers to this...
We vacuum sealed ours & froze them however, we split & soak ours in Vodka to make Vanilla for baking. We did not notice any change in flavor.
They are each in an individual bowl? Maybe a cup in each bowl? My flavors were pretty even.
Every time I ordered the expiration dates were several months away. I never felt rushed to consume them before they expired. I haven't ordered in awhile, so I can't say if they are still shipping newer product.
I don't know. They almost didn't last a week when I purchased them, due to my younger siblings :)
I really don't know. It wasn't heavy at all though.
Yes
That depends on your palette. I like to add a little salt to it to make it even saltier, but to someone who doesn't like to make their blood pressure spike as much as I do they will find it suitable. If you really don't like salt on your popcorn you might not like this. Because Orville Redenbacher's natural brand uses basic ingredients and not chemicals, they somewhat over-rely on those natural ingredients like salt and palm oil to provide the flavor.
No butter, Simply salted means just that. Great product!
Normal size
The expiration date is usually 6 months from the time I get it but the popcorn will last longer than that--maybe about a year but no longer.
I don't know, and I don't care one way or the other. For me, it is the best micro popcorn available.
No. Ingredients: "Sweet ground chocolate and cocoa."
It has the symbol with a k in the center and the word dairy under the symbol.
The can lists 70mg of sodium per 4 Tbsp (46 gram) serving.
According to the packaging label a serving size is 4 tbsp and there is 36 g of sugar per serving. I hope that helps! It's delicious to make hot chocolate with or a mocha latte.
A ton. At least 50 I would think. Good stuff
I always use melted butter and it comes out great. Never actually used oil, because I can usually taste it in baked things.
William Sonoma, found it on Craig's list for $20. Daughter uses a Breadman, and has same results. As per instructions on mix use Basic setting and Medium Darkness. Fantastic bread, great full moist loaf. Note: Makes a two pound loaf...
Yes, there are good instructions for conventional baking.
I've had that happen as well (once) and I'm not sure why. The last loaf I made though was perfect - maybe add 3-4 minutes onto the cooking time (??)
HI-- My bread came out like a normal loaf-- I did use regular eggs-- and I used whole eggs. I also added a 1/4 cup sugar away from the yeast. My Machine guidelines say to start with all wet ingredients on the bottom of the pan (make sure your water is warm enough) then add the dry ingredients with the yeast on the top on one side of the pan and I put the cup additional sugar on the other. I chose the darker crust option. My bread came out pretty good.
A year. You could remove the yeast packet and freeze it for much longer.
I don`t think any breads are a part of paleo..Google it.
I always put in a little extra water. I use a 2 cup measuring cup, add my 2 eggs and oil, then i top it off with the warm water. Let your water run until it get really warm, and fill it up over the 2 cup mark. It will make it lighter. I also have to take my out of the bread maker about 5 minutes early, so it isn't so dry. Wrap it in a towel until it cools. Then wrap it in a layer of waxed paper and foil. My bread is usually good for about 5 days. I hope this helps!
Pamela's is great. My non-GF granddaughters will eat it. Mixed some cheese in it to take to church supper and there was none left. Udi's is easier, but Pamela's has a really good taste, especially warm with butter.
I think it would make great bagels. That said, you should go onto Pamela's website at pamelasproducts.com. They have numerous videos as well as a "contact us" section. You could also add a question to their Facebook page.
Cane sugar, red 40, and blue 1
I bought a large Starbucks container of chocolate syrup and this Da Vinci is half the size, so no I don't think it would fit. At least it doesn't look like it to my eye at all. They must have their own pumps?
Plastic bottles
It depends on your baby. My baby prefers warm milk, but will drink it cold. To reheat just place in bowl of warm water or under hot faucet for a few minutes. You can also use a bottle warmer. Do not microwave.
It doesn't. You can either buy the nipple separately or pour the milk into a bottle.
Hi Nicole, not sure my daughter is no longer on formula. I purchased from Amazon to use for travel. It was perfect and from what I recall exp date was 6 months away!
sometime in 2015 ur good
May 2014
It expires on Jan 2014
I seriously doubt it. The directions mention how long to zap in microwave and suggest it can be ruined if you heat it too long. I would not use it that way unless you can find an 800 # and ask the manufacturer.
I only do strawberries with this product. After I take them out of fridge, the coating tends to soften again after an hour or so. Cant really advise you because strawberries contain so much internal moisture vs the hard oreo. Try taking out only 2-3 as a test and see what happens.
8
I used to buy the 8 oz. boxes but about 2 months ago they were replaced by 4 oz. boxes. Biggest disadvantage is that the price per oz. almost doubled! Have noticed this with many other food products also, everything from ice cream to cereal to soup to bread.
I don't know why anyone would want to microwave the chocolate inside the box or the wrapper. I certainly have never tried it myself. I know chocolate can be melted in a microwave, although I usually do it on the stovetop. But I wouldn't advise foil in a microwave anyway.
Baker's chocolate, eaten directly, is my favorite (and almost only) dessert. My system is to take a bite of the unsweetened and a bite of semi-sweet together, making a net 76% cacao total. Of course one can easily vary the percentage to one's personal taste. On special occasions I take a tiny sip of Grand Marnier with each bite. In my opinion there is no chocolate that is better (and you can't beat the price). Also of importance to me is the very very small ingredients list.
Yup, sure is!!!
The ingredients say "chcolate"......I believe it is just 100% Bakers Unswetened Chcolate. tI doesn't say anything about the cocoa percentage. My brownies are the BEST according to my family and friends--they're famous!
This is not a candy bar. There is no sugar, no additives, no praline, no nuts, absolutely nothing but processed There is nothing in here but chocolate: no sugar, no additives, no nuts, no praline, no flavoring ... nothing but cocoa seeds that have been processed into an edible form. The factory that makes it also processes milk, so it is within the realm of possibility that miniscule amounts of milk by-products wind up in the finished product. I don't know enough about gluten, but if there is no gluten in chocolate seeds, and none in milk, then there is none in this product.
100%
as long as supply last. price is going up,
brand new. Now it only comes in a half sized bar, not individual squares. Every recipe invalid as they all call for squares and don't mention how many ounces a square is. A square used to be one ounce. Now a square broken off the bar is a half ounce. Look online at Baker's recipes. They all call for squares and don't refer to ounces, so all will fail.
I have used Baker's unsweetened chocolate for as long as I can remember. I have always bought it at the grocery store. Last month I noticed that the box looked the same, but there was only 4 ounces of chocolate instead of 8 for the same price. I was able to find the 8 ounce box on Amazon and that is why I bought it online. To answer your question, I don't know how healthy it is, but I think it IS the same ol' bitter formula we've become accustomed to.
This is what it advertises for on another page, when you click on buy then it directs you here to amazon where it sells for 159.99, crazyness. Kraft Spaghetti Classics, Tangy Italian Spaghetti Spice Mix & Parmesan Cheese, 8-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 24) Kraft Spaghetti Classics, Tangy Italian Spaghetti Spice Mix & Parmesan Cheese, 8-Ounce Boxes (Pack of 24) Spaghetti & traditional spices, grated parmesan cheese. Just add tomato paste. When we were growing up, dinner was a hearty, flavorful meal made... Amazon Amazon is rated 3.4 out of 5 1847 Store Reviews $39.12 BUY
I'm not sure what you are asking There is a expiration date found on the side of every box.
This is from Kraft's website http://productlocator.kraftfoods.com/kraftfoods/productlocator.htm. From personal experience I know of 1 store in my area that carries this, every now and then. Otherwise ask your store manager if they can order in it for you (and others) to try. Personally, I like their pasta. If I am correct in assuming that you 'only' want the spice pkts., you need to contact Kraft directly and find out if that is possible and how it's distributed.
We sell it... so if you want, you can buy it from us.
It is not said in the label it has. It comes from Bolivia and Domenican Republic, Could be from other country also but I do not think this product is procesed on shared lines with peanuts or tree nuts.
They don't all use the same serving size, nor do they all use the correct conversions. Rapunzel accurately calculates 1 tablespoon as 14 grams, yet one brand I checked uses 12 grams for 2 tablespoons, another uses 14 grams for 2 teaspoons (there are 3 teaspoons in a tablespoon), and a third uses 5 grams per tablespoon. So if your conversions are screwed up, all the rest of the numbers probably are as well.
I think it must be gf or I wouldn't have been using it. Don't know about non gmo. I haven't bought any in a long time. Got some that had no flavor and switched to Callebaut and Guittard Grand Drinking Chocolate.
Yes, most delicious cocoa ever! You will not be sorry.
It is not listed on the can. I like that it's organic & fair trade, and non-alkaline processed.
I can't remember, I bought it last year. Lately I'm buying "AH!LASKA" baking cocoa with a polar bear picture, it is non gmo and organic and really good.!
They come in six boxes, each box has 8 individual packets, so a total of 48 individual packets.
Yes
No. It's oatmeal. It will taste powdery. The best way my wife find to do it is empty pocket in the cup, pour boiling water in it leaving some space on top, cover it for 5 min and add cold milk to cool it down.
Look at the photos on the screen (top left side of main photo going down)
Gosh, I hope not. I honestly don't know.
No not at all.
Well, I bought it in October of 2013 & the best before use date was September of 2014. Once the package is open, I do not know for sure. Hopefully that helps you.
Yes, according to their website. They have the USDA certified organic notation on their label, which means the cattle have to be pasture fed rather than feedlot fed. They also don't use growth hormones or antibiotics. Their website claims all their cattle are fed on ranch lands, not in feedlots.
Sorry, I don't know. I had to toss the jerky out because it was like rubber.
Think so but go on their website to check. This is terrible, rubbery jerky. I tossed it. I would not even give it to my dogs.
Well, I bought it in October of 2013 & the best before use date was September of 2014. Once the package is open, I do not know for sure. Hopefully that helps you.
Yes, according to their website. They have the USDA certified organic notation on their label, which means the cattle have to be pasture fed rather than feedlot fed. They also don't use growth hormones or antibiotics. Their website claims all their cattle are fed on ranch lands, not in feedlots.
Sorry, I don't know. I had to toss the jerky out because it was like rubber.
Think so but go on their website to check. This is terrible, rubbery jerky. I tossed it. I would not even give it to my dogs.
Individua . Not wrapped but in a plastic tube. Gave awsy for Halloween and the kids loved them
No much longer. I'd say about 36" (I don't have one in front of me, but they're pretty long).
100 extra large pixie sticks
1 ounce
No. I used it on the HcG diet. It has herbs, spices, and some veggies in it (carrots, onion, etc) but no salt or sugar.
No. The product contains lots of herbs that would be too overpowering on popcorn. rosemary*, onion*, garlic*, thyme*, red bell pepper*, carrot*, tomato*, black pepper*, basil*, Bragg Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil*, parsley*, tarragon*, lemon peel*, orange peel*, Bragg Organic Apple Cider Vinegar*, celery seed*, dill seed*, oregano*, savory*, sage*, ginger*, coriander*, bay leaf*, turmeric*. * organic ingredients
Nope; no sour taste. This is an awesome blend of herbs. I add it to almost everything I can.
it is hard to see in the picture but yes Braggs organic sprinkle seasoning IS GLUTEN FREE it says right on the bottle
This product is salt-free and contains no additives, fillers or preservatives. It is a healthier option to seasoning your veggies, salads, fish, poultry or popcorn. We hope this answers your question. -Swanson Health Products
The ingredients list 5% black summer truffle and truffle flavor. So it is both.
Not much a pinch very pungent flavor. Use a pinch wait and add per your flavor of taste. Use very small amounts. Hope this helps :-)
We had ours for a year after opening. The flavor does slowly fade over time but keep it well sealed to make it last longer
Mine was dated May 2016
Truffle flavor is heavenly to me and I think I'm addicted! To me truffle flavor is a mushroom like flavor. It's very earthy and rich. It adds to and enhances the flavor of other foods like meats, eggs and my personal favorite over the summer sprinkled over corn on the cob with butter. Not everyone is going to like this flavor but if you like mushrooms I would think you would definitely like truffles.
I would say just normal table salt size with pepper size truffle flakes throughout. I have paid much more for similar product in specialty store.
Yes
It doesn't say that it is so I would say no. Try the Bragg website.
no.
Yes. The oil in it will get solid in the fridge so I take it out about 15 minutes before I need it.
this is the best,healthy dressing on the market ...and it tastes really good! no suger,salt,per,just healthy oils and fresh vin and spices.
no it doesn't make you sleepy if that's what your asking
No
Yes, it's delicious .
No, all of the teabags are in a wax paper bag
this company got a rating E. Twinings teas all got an A, the highest rating. Celestial, specifically sleeptime teas, were found to have a dangerous level of pesticides. this is news to me....i LOVE this stuff and was just about to buy a crap load of it. but here you go: http://www.examiner.com/article/dangerously-high-pesticide-levels-found-celestial-seasonings-teas
It's herbal completely. Closer to white tea.
I haven't noticed an changes in the flavor but then I bought my most recent stash about five months ago.
not at all. It is a nice company with no other effects. Enjoy it!
No it's caffeine free.
Follow the almanac as to when to plant. I do small alternating trays for juicing.
You can cook and eat this barley, however, you may not enjoy it because it is unhulled. I would suggest buying hulled barley, where the seed hull has been removed (think about eating sunflower seeds with the shell still on, versus without it). If you want to grind this unhulled barley into flour, it would be fine for that. But for the sake of eating, I would definitely go for hulled barley. Enjoy!
They came from a company called Handy Pantry, or something like that.
Richard did anyone ever get back to you on this? I am also looking to grow my own barley for the same purpose. Can you post your supplier?
That's what I've been doing for over a year. Of course, you've got to grow it first.
This type wheat will work. It needs full sun, and fertile well drained soil. Make sure you can water this wheat during drought or dry weather. I used this for its seed to replant for my animal feed.
Just put in the freezer to kill the bugs and eggs. Bugs are good; it just means that no pesticides were used.
I planted these seeds for my animals to eat. They sprouted and grew well. I guess you could blend them, but they are dry. I see somebody else replied that they came with mold on them. Mine were dry with no mold, but if theirs had mold, then I would say no way should you blend them. Yuck!
The grass will look the same, or very similar. You can grow wheatgrass with either, however the nutrition will be better in the hard red wheat. That is the one we recommend for growing wheatgrass.
It is non-GMO
I am told that you can get 2 cuttings from one planting, but it has never worked for me. It grows in sparsely, nothing like the first cut. I usually just have multiple trays going at one time, usually 3-4 days apart.
Yes, it is definitely better to sprout by soaking/rinsing before planting, I've tried both ways and this one is the best one, enjoy!
I grew mine on tray with holes but you can always experiment without holes as long as u keep the roots damp and change water daily
Depends what you are using it for. Probably closer to cup or less for 10 by 20. I use to raise for my rabbits. Fills in nicely...do notice that grocery store wheat grass is more compact than mine. Good thing about this, it is like fruit flies--grows fast--you can experiment and find out pretty quickly what works best for you.
It depends on which one you get, some are clear (like grape and berry) and some have coloring (like toffee). I have not tried all of the flavors but even the toffee, which is the color of coffee is still clear v. murky. The lemon is also clear. You only need a few drops, this is a very concentrated product that goes a long way.
No, don't use much more, the taste will become very unpleasant if you over do it. I have read several reviews of the SweetLeaf Stevia and some people mention that they are disappointed by the fact that the flavor is not more profound. It probably is true. My favorite flavors are chocolate raspberry and valencia orange, but they all are very subtle, not IN YOUR FACE sort of thing. So this is probably the best you will get as far as the flavor goes, but you are still getting the benefits of using the 'good for you' natural sweetener. If flavor rather than sweetness are important to you, there are some choices right here on Amazon (and I am sure you have looked into that). When I put "natural toffee flavor" in their search engine, two products popped up, both with favorable ratings.
It says it is from Arizona on my bottle.
I add this to my coffee and/or tea in replacement of artificial sweetener
I only have three bottles, Vanilla Creme, English Toffee and Chocolate. Neither have MSG.
Sorry, the email from Amazon doesn't specify which item you're asking about. Are you talking about the chocolate stevia? If so, the only ingredients listed on the label are, in order: Purified Water, Stevia (Leaf) Extract & under "Other Ingredients," they list "Natural Flavors." SweetLeaf has a website, though, so they may give more information there, or a contact email. Good luck.
watch out for anything that says natural flavors can be MSG and that's very bad for you.
yes
No...I didn't even know people did that! :)
While it does imply organic and may well be organic, there are other factors to being 100% organic. The type of fertilizers used would be one factor. I purchase these raisins all the time and they are the best I have ever eaten. Whether they are organic (and it just cost to much to certify) or not organic, they certainly have a head start on those purchased in the supermarkets in that no pesticides are used on them. If you try them, you won't be disappointed. I have mine ordered on "subscribe and save".
No.
The potassium content is not listed on the product package. Raisins are a good source of potassium in general. Not the best source, as the high sugar content raises the calorie count. My Internet search showed 3.5 ounces of seedless raisins have over 500 mg. of potassium.
I'm pretty sure the answer is no, they are not sweetened, but I do remember Bob's Red Mill Raisins are preservative free and they were a very good price.
No, they are not labeled organic. They are completely free of any preservative-the old fashioned shriveled up dried raisin. I am very sulfite and preservative sensitive and I do not react to these raisins. I hope this helps you.
Mark I believe there is an expiration date on it. I keep my flaxseed in the fridge. Hope this helps.
Yes it is ground very finely and works great in bread!!
Avocados: http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2015/01/07/375653050/take-a-swipe-at-bad-cholesterol-eat-an-avocado-a-day
Hi, Bob's Red Mill is produced in Milwaukee, Oregon, USA...great product...
I have been buying this product for a number of years and have found no loss in nutrient. I go by the fact that it does say you can freeze the product on the package.
Yes it is, and I highly recommend it!
Go to the Bob's Red Mill website and search for "organic ground flax seed". Expand the label on the side of the package. It says that flax seed contains approximately 50% Alpha-linolenic acid (Omega-3's). A serving of 2 T contains 2400 mg of Omega-3's. Milled flax seed is flax seed with the husk removed, but the remaining seed is whole. Ground flax seed is the entire flax seed ground to a coarse meal. Meal is coarser than flour. I do not think that flax seed could ever be ground into flour. I think that it would turn into an oily mixture like peanuts ground into peanut butter. If you ever try to make almond meal or almond flour in a food processor and process the almonds too long, you can end up with almond butter. So if you are baking, you probably want flax seed meal. Whole flax seeds are covered with insoluble fiber which protects the soluble fiber inside the seed. Whole flax seeds usually absorb water and act as fiber and pass through the body whole. In the digestive tract, all the nutrients of the flax seed are not absorbed by the body. This insoluble fiber also feeds healthy bacteria in the digestive system. So whole flax seeds are probably not as useful to the body as ground flax seeds. When flax seeds are ground, both insoluble and soluble fiber are available to the body. Soluble fiber slows down digestion and helps to make you feel full.
I have no idea, but since this works for me, . . . I suggest you compare the process of Bob's Red Mill Organic Flaxseed... with the previous one you bought. Sorry
I use it in my smoothies everyday along with hemp, chia and my fruit and greens, all good!
I never thought about using the flax seed this way since it's so bland alone, however your snack idea sounds yummy. Or yogurt also sounds delicious.....But thanks for the snack tip!!
I am not able to find them locally, so I don't know for sure if this price can be built. It is worth it to us to have them though, we make hummus out of them plus there are a lot of other recipes that one can use them in. They are very low on the glycemic index.
I don't know, but they are definitely not split peas, and they are small like the native indian chana. They may still have been grown somewhere else. Might ask Bob's Red Mill. You can find them online.
I believe so since it is a legume and not a grain. I never heard of gluten being in a legume. At least that is my understanding.
There is no information on the package that it is organic; so I suppose it is not.
My understanding is that there are no preservatives or additives present. The sunflower seed are so fresh and taste great. I like to spray them lightly with olive oil and toast them in the oven at 250 for about 20 minutes to bring out the flavor. I do a whole package at one time, let them cool and put them in a plastic baggie to use as needed. Great on salads, yogurt and stirred into Bob's Red Mill 7-grain organic pancake batter. I also enjoy grabbing a handful for snacking in front of the TV. They are the best I have ever eaten. Hope you enjoy them, too.
The last package I bought says they are. It's been a while, but as a rule, it would be safe to assume that they are processed under one roof. Most major grocer chains carry Bob's products, so a quick look at their packages in store should give you a good idea of what to expect.
Not that i'm aware of the reason I say that when they get stale I throw them out to the birds and I have yet to see them sprout
Sure, but it tends to taste better with some toasting.
I just checked the package, and it does not say. Contact bobsredmill.com for further information. Sorry.
I just checked a bag of sunflower seed from an order in May 2014 and found the "sell by" date to be May 2015, a year later. That was "sale by" which means the expiration date or "use by" date should be at least 3 months after that. I can't say how fresh they would be by May 2015 because my 4-pack only lasts about 3 months, totally fresh at the end of that time. These sunflower seed are so very good, I use them in everything from yogurt to cereal to salads to pancakes. Tonight I pan grilled fish fillets in butter and added the sunflower seed to the butter along with my spices before adding the fish. When I flipped the fish over to cook the other side, the already cooked side was covered in browned garlic, spices and sunflower seed. It was wonderful! Believe me, a 4-pack will be used long before any staleness shows up.
Yep
There is no info I can find other than they are an Oregon based compnay and the the stuff is milled and packaged in the USA
NOt salted!
Yes. The last order I received (March 2014) has an expiration of July 7, 2015. I have always received product that has 1+ year left.
Absolutely not! Highly reputable company with reliable, natural products
Goodness! You've stumped me. I've never prepared it hot. I would imagine if it's like when I make hot oatmeal, it's twice as much water as oats. I prepare the Muesli a couple of different ways. Sometimes I pour on enough almond milk or coconut milk (I've stopped using most dairy) to cover and leave it for a half-hour up to overnight in the refrigerator...also adding things like grated apple, banana, berries, walnuts, etc. The grains soak up the liquid a bit...and the consistency is pretty thick - no liquid visible. Other times, I just pour the "milk" over the Muesli as I would any cold cereal, throw a few berries on top and eat it immediately. It's crunchy! I'm sorry I can't be of more help. I suppose if you want the definitive answer, you could contact "Bob!" :) I'm sure they must have a customer service number.
I would surmise that the ingredients are the same no matter what size the bag is. I purchased the 18 -ounce bags that come packed four in a box.
Go to www.bobsredmill.com. Choose cereal under products. It is listed there. Open the product and all nutrition facts are shown at the bottom of the page.
1 Serving (1/4 cup) has 5.0 grams of sugar. I personally can't taste any sugar, even when I use 1 whole cup. That's why I usually add soy milk to it or just eat it with yogurt.
I think you want to ask the manufacturer that question. I am just a consumer and don't know about the processing
The texture is chewy not crunchy after a couple of minutes of soaking.
Everything I read says ...yes, it is gluten free. But that only depends upon the facility if is processed in, if they also handle wheat products Here us a snippet from Celiac.com. Celiac.com 10/18/2013 - Buckwheat, sometimes referred to as kasha, is often billed as a "tasty alternative to wheat." That's all well and good, but is it really gluten-free, and generally considered safe to eat for those who suffer from celiac disease or a gluten sensitivity? The Facts Good news! With its non-wheat status, buckwheat is safely gluten-free. Buckwheat and wheat are, come to find out, actually from completely different botanical families. Derived from the seeds of a flowering plant, buckwheat is not considered a grain or a cereal (though it may be called a pseudo-cereal-don't let that scare you). Buckwheat, in all of its gluten-free glory, is actually closely related to rhubarb. In addition, it is an excellent source of fiber and nutrients. In particular, buckwheat groats (the small, triangular seeds), when cooked, offer 17 grams of dietary fiber or 68% of the daily requirement for a 2,000 calorie per day diet, as well as 22 grams of protein.
Yes. I put it in my nutribullet , using the milling blade. It makes a light beige flour. I stay away from wheat, so I don't mix it with any other flour. Many buckwheat flour recipes have another flour in them, but I just mix it with baking soda and egg to make pancakes without mixing any other flour. It is gluten-free.
The packaging states that it's processed in the same facility as tree nuts and soy. Since haselnuts are tree nuts, then it is possible they are processed there too.
I store the unopened bags at normal room temperature but I am sure freezing cannot hurt the buckwheat groats. Opened bags are still O.K. at room temperature for a week or two provided they are sealed tightly or even longer in a closed storage container. I assume we are talking about the Organic Buckwheat groats???
It says product of the U.S.A. on the package.
Definitely yes.When using it, mix the dry buckwheat groats with a raw, scrambled egg. This prevents the buckwheat groats from sticking to itself. Delicious flavor.
I don't know. Google it.
That was the general line in USSR. Could be an old wife tail, but supposedly it is a better option for people with sugar control issues.
Personally, I cook buckwheat, never tried to sprout it.
It is raw and anyone can buy things that say Prime... Just order it... Hope that helps
I was thinking that some gluten free recipes call for baking soda but not enough to cause an aftertaste. Gluten free baking usually uses xantham gum if it's not already in the flour. This is usually the "magic" ingredient that makes it feel like bread and not a brick. Go to the bobsredmill website and check out their gluten free recipes using this particular flour and you might find some you like. The only problem I have with this flour is it's bean based which to me makes it have an aftertase.
One cup of Bob's Red Mill weighs 140 grams or approximately 5 ounces.
The one i rdenes expires un 2015.
I think it's possible. Neither corn, nor soy, have gluten in them, so they both show up in gluten-free products. Corn pasta is a popular gluten-free option. More products are being labeled for major allergens these days, but I still recommend you carefully read the ingredients list since both corn and soy are used in gluten-free processed foods.
If you store it in the refrigerator or freezer at least a year, in my opinion.
It contains garbanzo bean flour, potato starch, tapioca flour, white sorghum flour, and fava bean flour. It does not contain xanthan gum, but it does work well with it. I have my own great pancake recipe that is gluten-free, dairy-free, and egg free; it uses this flour and Bob's Red Mill Xanthan Gum. It's awesome. My wife thinks they are better than a traditional wheat pancake.
It is technically not paleo (legumes are not part of the paleo diet and this flour contains beans). But if you need an occasional treat to stay on track, it is better to bake it yourself using grain-free or even gluten-free flours rather than rushing to the store and buying stuff like processed cookies. There are also many paleo cookbooks that specialize in grain-free baking.
As far as I know yes, but you might be better off contacting Bob's Red Mill directly.
I have no idea, it isn't something you would think of using to make a pie crust, but I suppose if you combined it with the right binders it would work.. I'm not sure it would be that satisfactory. I used it as mosltly a suppliment
Its as raw as I want it. It's great in smoothies - I add a teaspoon to my breakfast cereal (steeped Bob's oat bran, Bob's teff, dried goji berries, Bob's coconut and dried apples) - the rice bran brings a nice nutty flavor and keeps a very long time when sealed tight....no caking or bacteria. I used to use Nussentials products - that's how I was introduced to S/ Rice Bran. Bob's product is good as usual. I go through a bag about every 4 months myself - good source of fiber.
package states to sell by 05 Nov 2014 Also package recommends to refrigerate or to freeze. My impression is there is no shelve life if you freeze it.
According to the package, yes, they are in stablized Rice bran. I use it to reduce growth of Kidney stones per my Nefrologist.
Being only the "husk" of the seed, maybe that is why there is no listing of Vit E.
To reeep the benefits for flax the seeds need to be milled/ground. You can use a coffee grinder. They are great in smoothies and sprinkled on salads working the other nutrients for maximum absorption.
Brown flax seed is the original. Golden flax seed was developed in 1989.
You can freeze them up to one year past the printed date.
Grind the flaxseed first.
Flax is mucilaginous meaning it's really slimy when soaked like chia. So, it's not easy to sprout unless you want microgreens in which case you will need some sort of medium (i.e. dirt) for them to sink roots and sprout.
Yes, but why in the world would you want to toast them? They would probably get stuck between your teeth, and although they are nutritious, taste is not their strong suit. I put them in my kale drink. To make sure they are ground up in my kale recipe, I run my Vitamix 7500 for 90 seconds.
4x24oz bags is what I received.
This is an excerpt found on the web: "Most brown flax seeds are grown in Canada, the world leader in flax production. The golden variety is mainly grown in the U.S., especially in North Dakota."
Joeanne, I'm no expert... but I wouldn't think there's enough moisture inside the seeds to stay cold enough for the purpose you mention. The only way to know for sure is to simply try it! What about employing the use of smooth rotund stones from the freezer - the opposite of the popular heating of them used for massaging the back and body? Believe it or not I have my flax seeds in my mouth right now as I watch TV and answer my email. Good Luck!
As you may have noticed there are several different sellers selling this. That may be why you are seeing a different price.
To answer it simply, No! since this product contains no gluten,therefore not suitable to replace the all purpose flour for baking. However depending on bow confident you are with baking, in some recipes you can substitute a small amount of regular all purpose flour with the almond meal/flour. I use this product for French macaroon and baklava. I hope this is helpful.
Many times I have used this.Tapioca flour is used in combination of other flours such rice, sorghum, almond etc... In baking products it adds a springy texture and helps in browning baked goods. Tapioco flour is used for thickening soups, sauces, and dips. To replace wheat flour you would need a combination of flours. There are many recipes online for wheat/gluten free baking mixes. I hope this helps you. Kitchen Queen
Sell by 2/3/15 so it was about a year away from my order date.
In baking, I can't tell the difference between the brown label and this one. Not sure about the price.
The package says it is made from blanched whole almonds. I do know that Vitamin Cottage sells this product and many others from this company and they are pretty much purists in what they will sell. Package states it is all natural as well.
almond flour
I would describe the flavor as mildly nut flavored. In cookies it was not overwhelming nutty, the recipe contained raisin, craisins, choc chips, and a nut of some sort. They were wonderful, they held together beautifully, yet were light and not nutty. Used as an ingredient to coat food before cooking (fish, chicken. vegetables) no nutty flavor if you are using spices, herbs, seasonings. Really the flour simply takes on the flavor of the seasonings. Get for both baking coated items and for pan frying. I have already ordered my second case of this product and plan to use it as a staple in my kitchen.
I don't know. I use it to make paleo bread. I would do a search on Pinterest and see if any one has tried it like that
Nope. The package says nothing about organic, just gluten free.
This question should be asked to the company selling the product. You should check the expiration before buying. To add life to the flour it can be put in freezer or refrigerator. If you haven't used it before I recommend sifting the flour to break up the clumps.
if kept refrigerated it's good for about 6 months? but up to/over a year in the freezer is my experience. flavor stays fresh- no texture problems either.
Read this article- http://www.greatplainsflax.com/flax-seed-information/why-golden-flaxseeds-are-better.php
The last box that I bought several weeks ago has a sell by date of August 1, 2015
No, the ingredient says "Organic whole ground golden flaxseed." It has recipe written on the bag for how to bake a muffin with it!!!
Store it in your freezer! It will not solidify, and it lasts for many months there! I keep my Flaxseed, almond flour, and coconut flour in the freezer and take out as much as I need whenever I need it! :)
Yes! You get four (4) 32oz bags. I put the bags I wasn't using in the freezer and when I was ready to do so, they were perfectly fine! I hope this helps :-)
Yes, without a doubt.
Yes, this is ground flaxseed meal.
There;s an 800 # on the package, Go find one in a health food store or in a supermarket and call it.
Yes you use the Flax seed meal to add flavor and texture to many baked goods. We use the flax seed on our cereal as well. I hope this helps
Bread fillets as is.
I tried my own recipes/published and was never happy. Bob's Red Mill Homemade Wonderful Bread Mix makes a big loaf very superior to any commercial loaf I've found. Although I do put the mix into the bread machine to mix and rise, I transfer it to a loaf pan and finish it off in the oven according to the package instructions. You must cook it a lot longer than a regular bread machine baking cycle, according to the package instructions, and cover with foil to prevent crust burn. I don't separate the eggs, just use the whole egg. I substitute coconut oil for the butter. Wetting you fingers and smoothing out the top will really make a visual difference too. I keep this gluten free flour on hand for lots of other purposes. Breading fried chicken and some recipes you were using before that may call for a small amount of flour and this substitutes great. Good luck on your GF journey.
Is it sold with yeast packets? He sells in it 16oz bags that include a yeast packet. Bread is bread...if you buy yeast packets, one per loaf. If you buy a jar of yeast, read the instructions on the bottle and/or the bag. Store yeast in the freezer, as it can lose it's live cultures when stored at room temperatures in the pantry.
I have a Cuisinart CBK-200 machine and it works great. There is a GF cycle on the machine and I have not had a bad loaf yet. I alter the recipe as follows: 2 cups milk vs 1-2/3, add 1-1/2 tsp sugar to help make the bread rise fully. Other than that, it's pretty simple. I don't see a reason why you can't bake in an oven; there are directions for both on the bag.
I did not think about refrigerating when I first made it and it was out three days in some warm temperatures (80's) and spoiled in 3 days. I then refrigerated it after cooling from baking and it has stayed fresh for at least 7 days, not sure how long it would go past that.
You use one whole egg and then enough egg whites to make 3/4 of a cup.
There is a note on the bag that says egg substitute can be used.
Breadman Plus
I used Cider Vinegar the two times we made it while we were developing our own bread mix. Not sure regular vinegar would give the same chemical effect needed for Gluten Free. I have only seen Cider Vinegar used in Gluten Free. I have read that the vinegar breaks down alkaline in Gluten Free so the Yeast will work properly. I have also read that some people use white vinegar and add a pinch of sugar for the loss of sweetness in the vinegar change. You can always e-mail Bob's Red Mill on there website.
1 packet makes a single tall 9x4 inch loaf, and you will need butter, milk, cider vinegar, eggs, and a little sugar or honey (not mentioned in the instructions, but helpful in activating the yeast growth). However, you will *not* need soy lecithin or xanthan gum, or other special ingredients. Everything else needed for a simple loaf of white sandwich bread, including instant yeast, is included.
this is from bob's red mill website on the product. *this product is now produced as gluten free in our gluten free facility and tested under 20ppm. please be sure to check the label for our gluten free symbol to ensure the gluten free status of this product. all creamy buckwheat sold through our website will be gluten free as of 04/05/10*
These are very smooth like a fine grain cereal. Groats, I believe, have much more texture.
yes
Make sure to cook it first I tried eating it raw it was to hard to eat soften it first hope this helps Thomas a.
Organic should mean non GMO.
Bob's Red Mill cereal has not been broken down as much as Pocono Cream of Buckwheat, so I think it's better for you. We like the flavor of Bob's Red Mill Buckwheat.
Yes
I believe it is and read they are going to start labeling their products as such. Suggest check out their blog, a lot of info on it.
No, it is not pre-washed. I just checked the other answer and they said it was pre-washed. So, that was very confusing for you. I just checked a bag of quinoa and no where on the package does it say it is pre-washed. I am going to contact the company and ask. I'll let you know what they say. I heard back and it is pre-washed but they also said it was a good idea to rinse the quinoa before using.
I keep all grains in the freezer, which keeps it usable for a very long time.
Yes, quinoa is a grain that is gluten free. This product is 100% quinoa
Allergic reaction to Quinoa is rare... Discomfort such as upset stomach can occur with every food. But if you are aware of food allergies then consult physician.
I have the chocolate coconut ones. Does not say raw. Says organic cocoa processed with alkali
I agree. Have since found other products that have no added sugars. No longer use agave products due to higher fructose levels.
I'm not sure but it is very chocolatey tasting but the chocolate seems to be of a darker variety like 70% at least. More chocolate than raspberry flavour.
Scroll down to see ingredients. Otherwise go to rawrev.com
Sorry, I do not know where the spirulina powder comes from. Maybe contact Raw Revolution. I have been eating these since 2009 and they are great. These are my favorite flavor.
I believe so; but if you want to check it out further, you can also go to the manufacturers website and get more specific information.
rawrev.com select products and choose the bar from the drop down menu to view the ingredients
My bars are 1.8 oz and the actual bar, not the package itself, is about 3 3/4 inches long. They do make a smaller bar which may be what you received.
7g. i said 12g earlier looking at a different flavor, sorry
the nutritional facts are up there now.
The package is clearly marked as ORGANIC, so I will think it's organic.
I'm not sure what the white bag says but, flax seed comes in a golden color and it comes in a dark brown color. For my baking purposes, I prefer the golden. There may be a difference in taste and nutrition, but I haven't done any research on it.
When I ordered this several months ago, I received what the picture is showing and not the golden type but Amazon then sent the correct one when I contacted them. You may get lucky if they've corrected the problem in their system and receive what the description says but if not, Amazon will correct it for you.
The packaging states "...we stone grind on cool running French buhr millstones..." Hope this helps.
Yes, it is organic and it is ground from whole seeds. It's ready to use out of the package, in ground form.
I have the chocolate coconut ones. Does not say raw. Says organic cocoa processed with alkali
I agree. Have since found other products that have no added sugars. No longer use agave products due to higher fructose levels.
I'm not sure but it is very chocolatey tasting but the chocolate seems to be of a darker variety like 70% at least. More chocolate than raspberry flavour.
Scroll down to see ingredients. Otherwise go to rawrev.com
Sorry, I do not know where the spirulina powder comes from. Maybe contact Raw Revolution. I have been eating these since 2009 and they are great. These are my favorite flavor.
I believe so; but if you want to check it out further, you can also go to the manufacturers website and get more specific information.
rawrev.com select products and choose the bar from the drop down menu to view the ingredients
My bars are 1.8 oz and the actual bar, not the package itself, is about 3 3/4 inches long. They do make a smaller bar which may be what you received.
7g. i said 12g earlier looking at a different flavor, sorry
the nutritional facts are up there now.
Yes, here's the web page: http://www.bobsredmill.com/vital-wheat-gluten.html
NO. Bob's is as natural as you can get. He does not use ingredients grown with GMO.
It sounds like a metatag issue...the key word is gluten and the system picks it up. Good catch! Hopefully everyone who is a Celiac will note that this is pure gluten!
To make bread flour out of all purpose flour is usually one cup of all purpose flour plus one tablespoon of vital wheat gluten.
I have read it is 1 tablespoon of vital wheat gluten to every cup of flour. What type of bread are you making?
Hi Dawn...just store it in a jar with a tight lid in a cool dark place. If too hot in your home place container in the fridge. You can take it out when your home gets cooler again...you should be able to keep for up to a year. Hope this helps!
Filo dough is extremely thin and designed to be flakey when baked. We have not tried making it ourselves but purchase it ready-made. We use Bob's Red Mill ALL the time for a variety of cooking needs; make vegan seitan and more. Excellent product. Why not try it and let us know!
I have the chocolate coconut ones. Does not say raw. Says organic cocoa processed with alkali
I agree. Have since found other products that have no added sugars. No longer use agave products due to higher fructose levels.
I'm not sure but it is very chocolatey tasting but the chocolate seems to be of a darker variety like 70% at least. More chocolate than raspberry flavour.
Scroll down to see ingredients. Otherwise go to rawrev.com
Sorry, I do not know where the spirulina powder comes from. Maybe contact Raw Revolution. I have been eating these since 2009 and they are great. These are my favorite flavor.
I believe so; but if you want to check it out further, you can also go to the manufacturers website and get more specific information.
rawrev.com select products and choose the bar from the drop down menu to view the ingredients
My bars are 1.8 oz and the actual bar, not the package itself, is about 3 3/4 inches long. They do make a smaller bar which may be what you received.
7g. i said 12g earlier looking at a different flavor, sorry
the nutritional facts are up there now.
I have the chocolate coconut ones. Does not say raw. Says organic cocoa processed with alkali
I agree. Have since found other products that have no added sugars. No longer use agave products due to higher fructose levels.
I'm not sure but it is very chocolatey tasting but the chocolate seems to be of a darker variety like 70% at least. More chocolate than raspberry flavour.
Scroll down to see ingredients. Otherwise go to rawrev.com
Sorry, I do not know where the spirulina powder comes from. Maybe contact Raw Revolution. I have been eating these since 2009 and they are great. These are my favorite flavor.
I believe so; but if you want to check it out further, you can also go to the manufacturers website and get more specific information.
rawrev.com select products and choose the bar from the drop down menu to view the ingredients
My bars are 1.8 oz and the actual bar, not the package itself, is about 3 3/4 inches long. They do make a smaller bar which may be what you received.
7g. i said 12g earlier looking at a different flavor, sorry
the nutritional facts are up there now.
I always mix this flour with Almond or Coconut Flour and don't have trouble. Try experimenting. Brownies should come out okay.
I have and the result was not very good... it makes great cookies, bars, banana bread. Atkins makes a good flour baking mix and works better but not the best
I have frozen the product and it keeps fresher, longer.
1/4 cup of mix is 15 grams carbs with 5 grams of fiber. That makes a 6" pancake.
I don't have any at the moment, but the rule of thumb is, subtract the amount of fiber in a product from the amount of Carbs, for the net Carbs. The bag in the Ad, says 8 grams of Net Carbs, though.
The item is not no-carb, and the label doesn't say zero sugar- it says low carb. It clearly says "7g net carbs" on the front, meaning that there are some carbs in a serving.
I keep mine in the ref. and freezer. I've had arrow root for years like that and have never noticed any loss of it's properties.
Bob's red mill products info http://www.bobsredmill.com/faqs.html#GP4
It is 20 oz
I've been ordering this product regularly for 2 years. It's always been 20 ounces.
Foodies General Store never offered free shipping. Another seller may have in the past.
I here you use it just like flour. I wanted it for my hair I color my hair. In between coloring I dab roots with a make up brush and arrow root instead of talc
The package does not say that the product is organic. Since it is a whole grain my opinion is that it could be sprouted but that said I have not tried to sprout any. Robert
No, it needs cooking
Yes. Read about it on celiac.com
Yes, my husband does it every morning. You have to use a deep bowl though, or it will bubble over. Put a plate over the bowl of teff and water, then cook on high for 4 minutes. Let sit a couple minutes before eating.
I did not rinse it.
Vitamix blenders have a special dry container that can be purchased for making flour from grains.
Whether it's rice or teff, a cooked grain will expand as it cooks - usually doubling in size. In other words, 1/4 cup of dry tell will yield 1/2 cup cooked. I don't know how many calories that is, but you can look that up at Bob's Red Mill website.
I have never tried to germinate them. I bought this to use as a side dish and to grind into Teff flour. If you have some kelp powder but 1 tablespoon of the teff grain into a glass quart jar with 1/2 teaspoon of the kelp powder. Cover with good water-spring is great & even distilled but no chlorinated water. The next day, drain it through a sieve with tiny holes so not to loose the grain. Put this soaked mixture into a sprouter. Follow the directions for the sprouter. Usually it is necessary to rinse the seeds at least once a day. Once/IF you see the grain open with a tiny sprout within a couple of days, you have your answer. RETURN & REPORT.
You can. However, the Vitamix may be a bit large for the amount of seed you would want to grind at one time. If you were to put the whole bag in the Vitamix at one time, it may be okay. I like to use a "seed/spice/coffee grinder for my small seeds. So much easier to contain and less to clean up. (more like wipe-with-a-damp-cloth-and-you're-done sort of clean up.
Teff is an original grain of Ethiopia. I checked directly with the company and the Teff that they sell is grown in the states of California, Idaho, Washington and Nevada. Won't stop me from buying it; it's great stuff!
It's manufactured in England, Halifax, West Yorkshire, to be specific, but let me tell you, if you want a great variety and AWESOME chocolate, you MUST try this. It's awesome and a great about of chocolate, that's not boring, for the money. I hope this helps! By the way, I'd buy the big container. It's a better value for the money and the shipping.
Yes, it's a tin full of a variety of wrapped chocolates. They're quite good!
my product was very fresh. it came in a plastic container not tin.
Sorry mate, long ago tossed.
Fudge,toffe deluxe,toffee finger,coconut eclair,orange cream,orange chocolate crunch
I didn't count them! I'd say approx 80-100 more or less.
I found this information about BPA in cans on the Crown Prince site: http://www.crownprince.com/bpa-free-cans.htm It appears that some products, including boneless, skinless, pink salmon, are in BPA free cans, but some other products are not.
Be very careful in your selection. Amazon puts the boneless/skinless, smoked boneless/skinless, and "regular" (*with* bones/skin) on the same product page. You have to use the drop-down selection list to pick the one you want. The default selection DOES have bones/skin, you MUST change it to get it without. That said, I pick the one w/ bones/skin, because it is far cheaper, and the bones are cooked so much that they are very soft. Skin is minimal in the ones I have received. Rib bones are so soft and small as to be barely noticeable. Vertebrae bones you can mash with a fork/spoon. I make salmon salad with bones/skin in just like tuna salad and don't even notice. People have different thresholds though, so if the notion of bones/skin plain bothers you, pay more and get the kind without. :)
I presume you mean Preservatives. reading the info off the can I see none listed.
Net weight of the can is 7.5 OZ. Serving size is 1/4 cup. Servings per container is 3.5 4.5 MG of sodium per serving so, 15.75 MG per can. Also 1.5 G of Omega-3 fatty acids per serving or, 5.25 G per can.
My cans indicate product of USA. Wild Caught Alaskan Salmon would seem to imply caught on the high seas with nearest land (or registry of the boat) probably being Alaska. Cans indicate the product was distributed from City of Industry California,91748 which probably means the cans were labeled there. Truth in labeling? Believe what you wish. Gary
I just looked at a can, and all it says is 'product of USA.' I'm not sure if they can use that phrase if it's canned outside the country, but it's possible. You should contact the company itself if you need more specific information. That's what I'd do.
Yes it is packed in a small amount of water.
Label states "low in sodium." Can nutrition facts: Serving size: 1/4 cup; servings about 3.5, 45 mg sodium/serving. A little bit of broth. More info? crownprince.com
I have never heard of a wild caught salmon that was free of skin and bone. The bones are an excellent source of calcium and the skin is the primary source of omega-3 oil. Most of our diets are short on both calcium and omega-3 oil. Yes there is some bone and skin it this product and they are both good in nutrition and taste, in my opinion. The product is low in sodium and most of out diets have excessive sodium by as much as two to ten times the recommended daily amount of 2300 mg max for the younger set and 1700 mg max for seniors. We (spouse and I) subscribe to a case every six months and are keeping up with it pretty well to get a modicum of fish in our diet (two cans per month). Hope this helps and answers your question.
Yep. Can says "BPA free."
It is hard to see in the picture, but it does say "Wild Caught" right on the front above the word "Brisling". I've tried a few brands, and these are the best I've had.
I just got an order and it says BPA FREE right on the front of the box.
Managed Fisheries is not the same thing as farmed or hatchery-raised. It means there are limits and restrictions to harvesting, and there may be rules in place to protect breeding season and protect the fish from over-fishing, etc. If you go to the Crown Prince website it explains exactly what this means.
According to their website there isn't a qualitative difference. Both varieties have the same listed properties, including: wild caught, 1.7 g omega-3, and BPA free cans.
No don't rinse them. They are cooked and packed in oil. You can drain oil. The oil does add some moisture. I usually drain half and then mash them up and put them on a bagel or bread.
Yes, they are! Says so right on the front of the box in the lower left corner...
Hi: I had these sardines a number of years ago. So I'm not sure what the product is like today. And I'm sorry but I don't know what BPA even is? What is it??
I love small sardines. I haven't found them at Amazon, at least not yet.
Fishery management involves regulating when, where, how, and how much fishermen can catch to ensure that they will be able to fish now and for generations to come. Managed fisheries are not necessarily fish farms. You can read more at fishwatch.gov .
The two layer are stack the length of the can. The sardine are larger and fewer about 18 to 20. The Crosspacked sardines are stacked at a 90 degrees angle compared to 2 layer. Also the sardines are smaller, you get about 25 to 30 sardines.
It says BPA free on the little boxes on each can. From managed fisheries.
YES, It's printed right on the box!!
No. They are wild caught off the coast of Scotland.
Someone apparently reached out to the manufacturer and their response was that there is no difference between the two.
No heads. The bones and skin give you serious nutritional goodies. You get calcium. The bones melt to nothing. You get phosphorus from the skin. And sardines are very high in EPAs. One of my favorite foods for their very high nutritional value. I always have cans on hand ( and I don't generally eat anything cooked.)
That's an interesting question. I'm not sure I know the answer to your satisfaction. I've been eating sardines for 50+ years, and I've never noticed the tiny ones to be mushy. I believe the answer would be "firm." The only time I've ever encountered mushy sardines was when I've had the large ones. That's why I don't like large sardines. But I've never had Bela sardines (aren't they large?), so I don't know how they would compare.
yes. everything is intact in these tiny little sardines.
The boxes say "Best by June 2018"
The sodium content is 290 mg; Protein 16 gram
The only difference I found is that one was a pack of 6 and the other a pack of 12 and you will have to ask amazon why the 6 pack is more expensive than the 12 pack. I prefer the smaller brislings myself in the white box with the green stripe. They average 29 per box crosspacked .
Can you provide a link to the specific products you want to compare?
Have ordered these and they are definitely Crunchie Bars. Delivered very quickly in good condition
Hi there! I use a Just in Time inventory system so you will have the absolute longest expiry date possible!
July 27 15 but the ones before those were sept 7 15. If you are American you have to read the date differently UK is day then month then year.
I have no clue. I ate them all lol they had a long time before they expired though
We have not heard of no such law or ban. Hershey's have launched a lawsuit to ban British confectionery (specifically chocolate) from being imported, however, if this lawsuit had been passed Amazon would have automatically removed all listings which they have not.
It is imported from the UK
yes, greatest candy bar in the world. !
If I remember they are 40 grams or 1.5 oz of pure deliciousness! For comparison a a standard size Hershey bar is 1.5 oz. but not as delicious. Hope that helps.
I would only trust USA based sellers. Anyone shipping from the UK will be subject to Customs, FDA and USDA intervention and cannot guarantee safe delivery.
Sorry I don't know.
I put 2 cups of the blend and 5 cups of water in my rice cooker and it comes out perfectly. So, yes the directions are accurate. I use the salt but not the butter. Then I use the blend for all sorts of dishes. It's a nice change from my usual Texmati.
I don't like brown rice but I like this, I guess it's a personal thing and I love wild rice. I like the texture of this especially how it doesn't seem to get over cooked. It does have bits that are chewier than others - the larger grains make it that way but satisfying not gross to me. Like the other person advised go buy some at the store and try it first if not sure but I bought a case too and didn't think I made a mistake. I would rather have a bit chewier rice than mushy rice any day.
No
No MSG, no gluten. Ingredients are: Water, anchovy extract, salt, sugar
I looked it up online. 690 mg sodium per teaspoon.
Honestly, this stuff never expires. It's fermented and about the only thing that really happens is the salt crystallizes but that doesn't affect anything. We buy it 6 bottles at a time and store it in our pantry. Once open it's still not a problem due to the salt content. No flavour depreciation, either if you ask us however I do recommend keeping it in a cool, dark place. A bottle usually lasts us 3 or 4 months but I'm sure 6 months to a year would not affect it~ Hope that was helpful.
It says right on the bottle, Do not store product under refrigeration. Salt crystals may form in cold conditions. The exp. date on the bottles I got were for about a year from when I bought it. Mine will expire in June 2014.
Tiparos is a Thai Food Company. I assume it is Thai. This is the only brand we use. Hope that helps~
Absolutely not!!! It will take away the delicate flavor of the Salmon away and infuse with that of anchovies and other fishes used to make this sauce. This is more for using with shrimps & other crustacean's. use with Thai recipes. For salmon i would just recommend olive oil with basil & lime juice. Hope that helps :-)
Plastic
I don't have a bottle at the moment to read and it may not say but I can tell you the stuff is saturated. It sometimes forms a salt crystal in the bottle. It is very salty.
Product Description Celtic Sea Salt Fine Ground is the same type of salt as our coarse Light Grey Celtic variety from the coastal region of France, only dried at a low temperature then finely ground. Celtic Sea Salt Fine Ground has no additives and is not processed in any way beyond drying and grinding. With a more subtle flavor than that of the coarser variety, it is an all-purpose shaker salt convenient for use at the table or in baking. Our Celtic Sea Salt Fine Ground is kosher certified, hand harvested, and certified Nature et Progrs, the highest level of certification allowed in France. Celtic Sea Salt products never contain anti-caking agents, bleaching agents, or additives of any kind. Celtic Sea Salt products are highly recommended by many health professionals and culinary chefs, and it is no surprise why. With a natural balance of minerals and trace elements, Celtic Sea Salt products are a beneficial addition to most diets. As a natural salt, Celtic Sea Salt products are an important source of natural sodium chloride, which is vital for good health in small amounts. Unlike ordinary table salts, Celtic Sea Salt products provide potassium, magnesium and other important trace minerals. Celtic Sea Salt products impart a rich, exceptional flavor that enhances the taste of any dish. Use as a replacement for ordinary table salt in cooking, baking, or to season dishes before serving. In order to preserve optimal freshness and taste, we recommend storing Celtic Sea Salt products in a glass, wooden or ceramic container with a loose fitting lid. Celtic Sea Salt products are harvested in a way that preserves the delicate balance of ocean minerals. We hope you enjoy our wonderful salts.
I haven't tried it, because I'm still between Himalayan and Celtic. Fermenters, such as Sally Fallon who inspired some of what the awesome Sandor writes in The Art of Fermentation, touts the benefits of Celtic salt pretty highly.
I have the package in front of me Roberta. It states "This salt does NOT supply iodide, a necessary nutrient".... There is nothing that talks about iodine.
Sea water is collected in clay lined ponds on the cost of France, sun evaporates the water leaving the salt minerals of the sea. The salt minerals are harvested with wooden hand tools and shipped around the world for sale.
I don't think any iodine is added but may be present as all other minerals are occurring naturally. Hope this helps.
I checked on the website's FAQ section (http://www.celticseasalt.com/about-us/faq/) and Celtic Sea Salt does contain trace amounts of natural iodine, but it's not considered a significant source of daily iodine. Iodized salt has the iodine chemically added, which many people prefer to avoid.
I just looked at the package it came in. It says, "hand-harvested and dried by the sun and wind.
I have had it open for months and it is still fine. I actually really like this salt
I don't have my pkg anymore, but I do know that as far as the sodium content, you are getting less because you don't have to use as much as regular table salt that has been bleached, and had all the beneficial nutrients removed. When you use regular processed table salt all you are getting is sodium chloride. Just salty flavor. No other benefit! I don't use anything else. Even some of the sea salt being sold at the grocery stores have been processed to the point where the trace minerals have been removed. Not much better than regular table salt!
Yes it does have more moisture. It will come out of a regular shaker but I find putting it in a container with a pop off lid works better as it does get clogged sometimes. It may not clog enough to annoy you but I always had to pound it off of something to break the salt up to use it.
Hi Terri - there are 6 grams of protein, 56 grams of carbs, and 6 grams of fat in choc chunk raisin, probably less fat in cookies without carob/choc., think figures are nearly the same in other cookie choices.
Erin Baker packaging people probably are not aware that some vegan diets exclude eggs. In any case, they are delicious, healthy cookies.
package of 12 is 8 and 1/4 in height/length - width is 4 and 1/4
It depends on which one you get, some are clear (like grape and berry) and some have coloring (like toffee). I have not tried all of the flavors but even the toffee, which is the color of coffee is still clear v. murky. The lemon is also clear. You only need a few drops, this is a very concentrated product that goes a long way.
No, don't use much more, the taste will become very unpleasant if you over do it. I have read several reviews of the SweetLeaf Stevia and some people mention that they are disappointed by the fact that the flavor is not more profound. It probably is true. My favorite flavors are chocolate raspberry and valencia orange, but they all are very subtle, not IN YOUR FACE sort of thing. So this is probably the best you will get as far as the flavor goes, but you are still getting the benefits of using the 'good for you' natural sweetener. If flavor rather than sweetness are important to you, there are some choices right here on Amazon (and I am sure you have looked into that). When I put "natural toffee flavor" in their search engine, two products popped up, both with favorable ratings.
It says it is from Arizona on my bottle.
I add this to my coffee and/or tea in replacement of artificial sweetener
I only have three bottles, Vanilla Creme, English Toffee and Chocolate. Neither have MSG.
Sorry, the email from Amazon doesn't specify which item you're asking about. Are you talking about the chocolate stevia? If so, the only ingredients listed on the label are, in order: Purified Water, Stevia (Leaf) Extract & under "Other Ingredients," they list "Natural Flavors." SweetLeaf has a website, though, so they may give more information there, or a contact email. Good luck.
watch out for anything that says natural flavors can be MSG and that's very bad for you.
yes
Ginger comes ikn several forms. I prefer the chewy ginger for digestion, Ginger Altoids for taste, and the hard candy least of all. Not much ginger in the hard candy. For severe digestive problems or nausea I take ginger capsules that I get from the health food store. Hope4 this helps1 Bobbie Graham
Quality Green Products is selling a case of 24 - 3oz bags for $51 plus shipping. Bill Miles Quality Green Products
Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for your question! We are happy to help. There are about 10 servings per package, and each serving is 3 pieces, so there are about 30 hard candies per package. We hope this is helpful! If we can assist you with anything further, please feel free to contact us directly through Amazon! Jenna G. Swanson Health Products
3 pieces 35 calories.
Caramel 360/Chocolate 370
Mine are December 2014, but I got them several months ago.
July 2014
Yes it would make a cake. The mix says right on it: Gingerbread Cake & Cookie mix. I use it to make a square pan of gingerbred and ocassionally a loaf pan style.
It is not an old product at all. The expiration date depends on when you purchase it. Betty Crocker still makes their Gingerbread Mix. I buy it from Amazon because it is not available in my area year around.
If your asking if this mix can be ised to make gingerbread houses...I have no idea. I only use it to make a nice loaf of gingerbread and have not even used the cookie recipe on the box.
Nancy not sure what you are asking this is a gingerbread cake not a cookie mix
I recently purchased Nature's Plus Spiru-tein Gold, Banana Berry Blast. I haven't even opened it yet because it is based on Chia Rice and Peas and I am prone to IBS (I'm wary of any product that is lentil based). I usually get the regular Spiru-tein high protein sans the peas, and I loved it. Anyway, according to the label on this can, even though Carbs is at 19g. under sugar it is 0. Mixed with milk it goes up to 11g of sugar. I cannot vouch for its validity, that is just what the label states. But, all in all Spiru-Tein is a wonderful product and a life saver on a busy day. I am mostly concerned with the vitamin and protein rating. Mostly, the protein rating!
no milk
Go to www.naturesplus.com. They have info on the many different flavors. Scroll down to vanilla sport, click "learn more," and you can get to the nutritional label from there. Basically, 260 calories and 100% or more if many vitamins. If its too much sugar for you, I suggest Jay Robb's protein shake or the Aloha green mix.
8 grams a serving.
I do not have a container of the strawberry variety but I have tried just about every variety of Spirutein and usually the 2.x pound varieties have at least 30 servings (I have seen 30-34 servings depending on flavor). Each serving/scoop varies in weight/grams but usually 29-32g per scoop. From what I've seen the scoops for the Cookies n Cream, Vanilla, Chocolate, Peanut Butter and Sport varieties are all the same size. There are so many size and variety combos out there it's hard to provide you specifics since I don't have the empty container. However, the general rule of thumb is ~30 servings per 2 pound container, each serving scoop is around 30g.
According to the Nature's Plus website, this product contains enriched wheat flour and it doesn't state that its gluten free, so I'm guessing its not GF.
It has bee pollen. I'm not sure is that OK for you. Other than that, its all plant based proteins. No dairy at all. Really good for you. I've been using this for almost 10 years now!
It's really not a diet drink. Its full of protein and vitamins, but it will not help a person lose weight unless they just use water to mix it. With milk, I think it up's the calories to approximately 300. It's a supplemental drink to fulfill the protein and vitamins requirements that a person may need if they should miss lunch or something. Just like balance bars as yummy as they are have a 300 calorie punch. Some sandwiches contain less calories than a balance bar.
As fresh as canned and sealed can be. The can I have presently is a 2018 expiration so that oughta tell you something, the exp. date is on the bottom of the can. My favorite flavor is the vanilla as it mixes well with any fruit or veggie I chose to blend with it.
Sorry Amy, it doesn't show which product you're speaking of is it the spirutein?
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
I always use my homemade batch as a starter. My first batch I divide up into 3 tablespoon servings into multiple ziplock snack bags that I put in the freezer. The culture will keep when frozen, plus it is your strongest batch. Make another batch with 3 tbl spoons from the 1st batch. Then I eat my yogurt and leave over about 3 tbs for the next batch over and over until one batch seems a little too loose, then go to the freezer and start over. Think of the savings!!!
Leave it on for at least 12 hours. The longer you leave it the firmer it is. Also, it is not going to be as thick as store bought because they add a thickener to it.
No
Not sure. I have better luck with 3 heaping TBS. of plain yogurt.
I don't believe so because I don't remember whether or not the packaging states that it is, however, since Kosher products are not something I track, I cannot state definitively that it is or isn't. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
the yogurt starter has 2 packets for 2 times making a set-up of yogurt.
The ingredients for the yogurt starter are as follows: skim milk powder, sucrose, ascorbic acid, lactic bacteria (L. Bulcaricus, S. Thermophilus, L. Acidophilus). This came directly from the package. I even double checked my spelling. Hope it helps. sp
I think 24 hrs would be a bit long. I have run mine for 16 hrs with some recipes.
Ingredients: Skim milk powder, sucrose, ascorbic acid, lactic bacteria, (L. Bulcaricus, S. Themophlius, L. Acidophilus).
No it is not. It has skim milk powder in it. A vitamin supplement store may have some that is dairy free.
If you don't see an expiration date on any food or medicine products -- usually it's good for two year after Mfg date (manufacturing). Most goods sold on website should be at least a year a more to be consider regular product. Any on sale items or indicated as "special" are most likely six month or less in shelf life.
yes
This is a question I cannot answer, since I no longer purchase this product, for the reason stated in my review. This is a discrepancy that needs to be resolved between Amazon and Lipton. There is nothing that the ordinary consumer can do about it, other than complain to Amazon about it to bring it to their attention.
That I don't know, the soup is delicious for a quick pick me upo, and because of esiphagealk cancer, was all I could swallow other than water for three months.
Is....83100537 cup of soup safe to eat, i cook for the ederly and i dont want to do anything that can harm them
Well--the noodles are made of wheat flour, and that is all it says---nothing about being gluten free.
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
I have the6.8 ounce back, with ~ 7 servings, each 1 ounce serving is said to have 16 grams of carbohydrates.
Terra original chips - 1 oz bag - calories 150; Fat 9g -saturated 1g, trans 0g; sodium 50mg; Total Carbs 15g -dietary fiber 3g - sugars 3g; protein 1g.
The 24 1 oz bags come in a box of their own which in my case, since I order something else, was put in a larger box.
It will vary quite a bit, but I have one bag that has May 2014, another bag with July 2014 as the expiration date.
Not sure. Probably fried.
To the best of my knowledge yes. These are the best chips that I have ever had as a healthy chip snack. I cannot eat MSG, or other oils that are not usually made forhuman consumption which use in most chips, peanuts and cookies (such as cottonseed oil). I have had no problem with these chips. I have to read all packages before I eat them. Unfortunately the proof is in the pudding so we would have to believe what is said until we buy them and sample the product. Not only are these better for you they taste GREAT! Don't believe me...do the research.
Its on the package.
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
more like kettle chips. They are good tasting.
I don't think so.On the package it's listed as: (Made from Naturally Blue potatoes)
The chips are fried. However, I should mention that although they are fried, the chips are not greasy at all.
The sodium count is 115mg per 1oz serving.
Yes, they are extraordinary because they are blue. Blue and purple potatoes are special varieties and have a richer, nuttier taste than ordinary potatoes. Blue potatoes come from ancient varieties raised by the Mayas and Incas. Like many colorful vegetables, they are higher in nutrients than the white-fleshed varieties. I just wish that Terra would cook them in olive or coconut oil, or some type of more healthful fat.
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
The pediatrician recommended we wait until our baby was 6 months old. I think it is fine for a 4 month old, depending on your pediatrician's advice...
On the cover there, you carefully look
If you buy from me I can assure you that the product was purchased within the last month. So the expectation date is going to be far out. If buying from someone else, I'm not sure when they bought the product and listed it. Hope that helps :)
I use earth's best whole grain oatmeal mixed with formula for my son's middle of the night feed. I make a bottle and mix in a little oatmeal to keep the formula from coming back up since he goes straight to bed after. It mixes well and I have had no issues. Just make sure you don't put too much or else it thickens the formula and can't get through the nipple.
I think this should be the expiration date. And you should finish this within 30days once open.
On my last delivery expiration date is May 2016
you have a choice of 3 different cereals, you get the one you pick when you order.
DEC.16,2015.
yep&#65292;my duaghter like it very much, taste good, it should not be a section of rice noodles
on top of each box, there is the date that best time for eat for this box
Papua New Guinea, Mount Hagen. Packed by wertform.de
I got a few that had a sticker on it that said makes great ice coffees... so I assume it does.
I think it's because there's labor for Amazon to open the package and make it easier for the customer to open. If you don't have any trouble with opening packages, get the cheaper one.
The jars don't have an expiration date on them. However, they are freeze dried crystals in a glass jar with a foil seal over the mouth of the jar. The only instructions, upon opening, are: "Replace lid tightly. Store in a dry place."
Since Mount Hagen Organic - Caf has the USA ORGANIC seal on its label it has to be organic--that is, grown without pesticides.
I actually like Cafix better than Roma -I use a rounded teaspoon with 7 drops of stevia/ 10 Oz cup along with 1/2 and 1/2 to make it more like coffee. Also a bit of ground Cardamon and / or Cinnamon enhances the flavor for some people
No it contains no caffeine or other stimulants- it is a soothing beverage especially with a sweetener such a stevia.
Yes I think it is
No. Note that is labeled "instant". It's just like instant coffee. You put a tablespoon of crystals in a cup and add hot water.
Hi there, my canister says 133 servings of one teaspoon. I love this stuff!
I use the Red label. Never tried the Green.
They were slender yet plump. They were very aromatic. I use them to make vanilla and the beans are very fresh.
When using for the first time, there's no need to wash the bean as it would hurt some of the flavor. Also, when using a whole bean, you usually scrape out all of the oily seeds from the inside to use in your recipe. When using the bean for custard or cream, scrape the seeds out, and add them to the milk/cream together with the pods. After you remove the pods you can wash and dry them and use again for a light vanilla aroma, such as in scented sugar. Bottom line - I wouldn't wash the beans before using for the first time.
Not sure I am making extract with them. They were very soft and full of flavor
I usually store vanilla beans in a small sealed plastic bag like Ziploc in a dry, dark place that isn't hot. They can last up to one year in excellent condition.
Hi. 7 beans should do it for 1/2 gal of vodka
Orders generally ship within one business day after placement. Transit time depends on your destination.
Hello, I was not able to replicate the issue you experienced. As long as your order contains only vanilla beans, we will honor free ground shipping inside the US.
To store just the beans (don't do that for too long as they dry out): Roll those you are not immediately using back up in sealed pouch, then into a tightly sealed ziploc or other airtight container. Store them in a cool and dry location until needed, not fridge or freezer!
no... mine were in perfect shape
No, we do not ship to the Russian Federation, sorry.
I'm not sure, but there's not nearly enough panther in it, and what panther is there is sort of tough and gamey.
It's not processed using the Dutch method. They state this in their FAQs: http://www.chocolatebar.com/docs/esc_faq.pdf I like them too. Here's my review with recommendations for other bars you may like:
From the back of the package - Bittersweet chocolate (chocolate liquor, cane sugar, soy lecithin, vanilla). It also mentions allergens - contains soy. Produced on equipment that also processes product containing milk, peanuts, and tree nuts. The cocoa comes from rainforest alliance certified farms. I hope this helps.
here's what it says on the label: "we buy our cacao from small family-owned properties,helping to sustain the habitats and communities in which they exist." you can learn more at ChocolateBar.com
There are 15 squares per bar.
The cocoa used by ESC is grown by West African farmers who follow rigorous standards for protection of workers' rights and the environment. When a customer purchases ESC's Fairtrade certified bars, West African farmers earn a fair price and an additional Fairtrade social premium to invest in business and community projects such as improving education and healthcare, protecting their environment and improving their economic well-being.
it doesn't say on the label... maybe calling the manufacture would be better.
I cannot give you an educated answer. Only that my nutritionist highly approves of this chocolate and whenever I order it for myself I send an identical order to her.
To the best of my knowledge, it is not certified organic.
Length is 7", width is 3", height is 5-3/4".
If you're looking for yeast bread, then it's going to be harder, since yeast has to have some form of sugar in order to activate. If you can eat fruit, some vegetables, drink milk, or use honey, you're eating sugars. It might take some creativity and making bread from scratch to get something as close to sugar-free as possible. The amount needed to activate yeast is very minimal. I'm diabetic, and eat regular breads (and the minimal amount of sugar in them). Sugars on the labels aren't all from actual sugar. Many plant products have some form of sugar naturally in them. Best of luck :)
No, just wheat free, when used in a bread machine...it is great!
I have tried both products and found for my personal use I like the Glutino. It just worked better in my bread machine and had a better flavor.
I've been using this bread mix for years. Are you making it in a bread machine? I only use 1/2 the amount of butter and I cut back on the amount of water as well. I add the eggs to a measuring cup and fill it will it with water until it reaches 1 3/4 cups. It always comes our perfect.I store the bread in plastic wrap and place it in the fridge. I slice it up the next day. It will crumble if you slice it while it's still warm. To use the bread I place a couple of slices in wax paper and microwave for 45 seconds or so. Hope that helps.
Amazon lists the ingredients as: "White Rice Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Potato Starch, Skim Milk, Whey, Corn Starch, Brown Sugar, Guar Gum, Salt and A Packet of Yeast". The only ingredient in question would be guar gum, which Wikipedia defines as:"Guar gum, also called guaran, is a galactomannan. It is primarily the ground endosperm of guar beans. The guar seeds are dehusked, milled and screened to obtain the guar gum.[1] It is typically produced as a free-flowing, off-white powder." So I'd say it is tree-nut free as long as the guar seeds are not tree nuts.
Yes there is directions on the back for the oven
Wow....hmmm sorry IDK. You would think that the "Glutino" people would indicate if it is, or is not, on the package. Sorry I cant help...
I have never tried the Arnold. The bread tastes and feels like gluten bread. It toast nicely and will hold together for french toast. I suggest you make two loaves from the box, rather than the one big one. The smaller (4.5x8') loaves rise better and bake better. Watch the tops, as they can over brown and once cool, slice before you place back into loaf shape and put what you will not use quickly in the freezer. It does dry out so consider double wrap.
No. I wish it was, but I'm sure that would be in big letters on the label. I like it anyway and the simplicity of baking it is what I really like.
One loaf per box
I googled it. It is tasteless , so it maybe a replacement. The other gums can have an after taste.
Not sure if this will help. I ordered a bunch of these. The box I'm currently using I store in the fridge. The unopened ones, in my cupboard, have a date stamped on them of March 10, 2014, so I am assuming that unopened flour is good till then.
I've used it just like regular flour. I made pizzelle cookies for Christmas and they turned out fine, cookies too. I also made pancakes with it.
The Ingredient panel is: White Rice Flour, Potato Starch, Tapioca Starch, Guar Gum, Salt
No.
Hi renee. I've never made the quick dinner rolls. I make my own recipes (pan cakes, fritters, brownies, corn bread etc) with the all-purpose flour. The box lasts me a few uses.
Sorry, no idea. They were bought a long time ago.
As long as it says Made in Turkey on the back its Halal. Im just wondering if these actually do say Made in Turkey because this could just be a default photo.
Haribo website states that any Haribo product made in their Turkey factory is Halal and the only 2 product sold in USA Haribo Gold and Rasberry flavour is made in Turkey. So is this Cola candy on Amazon which states Made in Turkey Halal or No ?????
It's well know fact that alien spacecrafts utilizes flatulence as it's main source of propulsion. In order to fully harness the massive amount of energy expelled, however, proper initial catalysts must be used. The sugar-free variety containing Lycasin is ideally suited for this task. This product contains sugar, not Lycasin, unfortunately renders it unsuitable for the type of projectile bowel movements necessary.
Says Turkey on the box
The 5 pound bags are made in Turkey.
Here is info directly from the Haribo.com website: Haribo products are not kosher. There is however, a kosher line of Haribo sold exclusively through Paskesz. Are HARIBO Products HALAL? ONLY Haribo products that are manufactured in our factory in Turkey are halal. All Haribo Gold-Bears and Haribo Raspberries sold in the US are made in our factory in Turkey and are Halal. You can find the country of origin on the back of all our packages.
That and diabetes.
I believe Ds are made there as well.
I would try the German website of Amazon, since contrary to what Jimmy Singer appears to believe about the geography of Poland, not every little bit of it is within easy driving distance of Germany. But that is only evident to people with a shred of common sense and the ability to read a map. The German site has a far larger assortment, and it may be easier and cheaper to order from them.
The bag I received stated that it was a product of Turkey.
Says Turkey on the bag
question 1: Use the serving size and multiple it by the number of servings per container to calculate the approximate number of bears in the bag. question 2: I only eat them frozen. Other brands I refrigerate because they lose their taste when frozen, but these are great and they last longer in your mouth, since you are defrosting them with each bite. Enjoy!
I wrote the company and here is their response: "Thank you for taking the time to contact us regarding our Arrowhead Mills Puffed Rice. Food safety is our greatest priority at Arrowhead Mills, and recent attention to arsenic in food and beverage products is of utmost concern to us. Arsenic is naturally present in the environment including air, water, and soil, and therefore trace amounts may be detected in foods and beverages. Our organic ingredients are produced without the use of arsenical-containing pesticides and fertilizers to minimize the presence of arsenic as well as other potential soil contaminants. Although rice and rice containing products are safe for consumption, we strongly support a regulatory risk assessment process, and encourage future research to evaluate the mitigation of any arsenic levels present in our total food supply."
We've been feeding it to our little one since about 6 months. It gets soft very quickly once in your mouth. Great snack and finger food.
AT LEAST A YEAR
Puffed Rice isn't crunchy like Rice Krispies--it's softer, like Puffed Wheat. It would probably work, but would be chewy or soft instead of crunchy.
I don't have any. I am sure there are some out there on line. I usually eat this with milk, that is left over from other cereals that I eat. I grew up eating this cereal along with others.
No, they have gelatin in them which is an animal product.
5 ounce bags
Made in Germany.
No
It says on the back manufactured for Haribo of America, Inc. Baltimore, MD 21207. Made in Turkey by Haribo Sekerleme San.ve Tic.Ltd.Sti.
Haribo is a German company name. They have sold out their honor to dirt-world countries like Turkey, who make for them what was once a wonderful candy gummy filth.
I guess they're not super dry, but seem to be dry enough to preserve them. Drying further might deepen the color, which may not be as attractive, depending on what you're cooking. The big question for me would be how do they taste? Mine were pleasant, hot enough to burn awhile, but not hot enough to blow my face off. I like them and think they're pretty,.
After pulling out a couple of handfuls to grind into crushed red pepper, I still had about 75% of the bag left. I counted 80 as I was removing the stems from the ones I pulled out for grinding, so my best guess would be that the package contains over 300 peppers. Why this other person only guessed 50, I can't say. Radically different sized peppers? Or perhaps the person is really, really bad at estimating? Who knows... I just know that I've got a LOT of peppers left even after using 80 of them. I ordered my 3.5 oz. package from the seller Swang-Anong.
Between 2 and 3 inches
This one has high sodium. I rarely use it.
It does contain soy.
The container says 280 mg per 1/4 tsp.
http://www.sprouthouse.com/Sprout_Master_Triple_Sprouter_p/smtriple.htm
I only wash the sprouters by hand so do not know if it is dishwasher safe.
It comes with 4 lids/drip trays. When it's all stacked together there is one between each tray, on the bottom, and on the top.
They are white.
I use the sprayer attached to the kitchen sink with warm water running very slowly. I rinse for ten to fifteen seconds. If I'm in the first day or two of the sprouting cycle, I make sure the seeds remain evnely spread out. Then I let the water drain out before replacing the top and bottom of the Sprout Master.
It's about 8 x 11
Is large.
Meant to be stackable. There are 4 dividers. I love the trays! One full tray is good for a 1 person household.
8"X 10"X 2"
Sorry, but mine is stored away at the moment. I may be able to see the information in another month or so...
I just reviewed the list of ingredients and Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is not listed.
Not sure why you would need brown sugar?
Yes !
I've never had the chicken at Walmart but this is the best poultry spice blend I've tried,I use it on chicken and turkey when I'm firing up the BBQ ,delicious !!!
I have used it when grilling chicken so why not use it when smoking chicken legs. Smoking intensifies flavor so you may want to cut back the amount you use or it may be too salty.
Hi Faye, I am going to quote from Wikipedia about Glutinous Rice and here it is... "Glutinous rice (Oryza sativa var. glutinosa; also called sticky rice, sweet rice or waxy rice) is a type of rice grown mainly in Southeast and East Asia, which has opaque grains, very low amylose content, and is especially sticky when cooked. It is called glutinous (&lt; Latin gl&#363;tin&#333;sus)[1] in the sense of being glue-like or sticky, and not in the sense of containing gluten." So I would have to say the it does not contain gluten.
Yes. My jasmine rice is not sticky. When I bought this sticky rice it did not say jasmine and it was sticky....perfect sticky.
Thai Sticky Rice is white not transparent.
yes it does
I don't know about brands of sticky rice but Sticky rice from Thailand and Laos are excellent. I believe they are now growing some in the States but am not sure. Do U have the steam basket and metal pan that you need for plain sticky rice or R U planning on using it for desserts?
I doubt it. It would dry and be too tough to eat. Any of the other rices will. My family has eaten sticky rice for 40 years. In fact, we soak the raw rice for 3 hours then steam it in a bamboo basket where no water touches the rice. That is what they do in Laos. Other countries boil it and make deserts out of it.
All I know is that it was very good. Would def buy more
Yes
Yes, it needs to soak in water for no less than 2 1/2 hours but, it's best to soak for 8 hours... I usually soak it overnight when I'm planning to cook it the next day.
Soak the rice in enough water to cover it for a couple of hours or overnight. Drain it and then put it in your steamer, fill the bottom of the steamer with water but not touching the rice. Steam it for at least 20 minutes, turning the rice occasionally so that it all cooks evenly. Steam until the rice is translucent but still firm. You can taste a bit to make sure it is soft and chewy. It shouldn't be soggy. And that's it! The amount of water doesn't matter as it is not cooking in the water.
I enjoyed it with the Keebler Townhouse Bistro multigrain crackers. I think mixing it with cream cheese is my favorite recipe for this product too.
Kathleen, Do not really know. Once a bottle in this house it doesn't go to waste. Call Fisher & Wieser Speciality Foods, Inc.or call 1-800-369-9257 or email info@jelly.com.and ask them.
We tried a sample of meatballs marinated in the Razzpotle raspberry sauce while grocery shopping. It was Wonderful! Have had tons of compliments when served to guests. Use the prepared Italian style meatballs that are frozen.
We have bought the Dubble Bubble Gum for our gumball machine for the Grandkids and they love it. They have never complained that it gets hard and it sits in our machine for at least a year or more.
Yes
Not sure
I really like the flavor of these. I will buy them again. Some were broken, but I would think that would happen in every shipment. I just picked out the broken ones and enjoyed having them at work in a snack baggie. I am not sure tho if this is the best brand for blowing bubbles. I mainly want a good flavor for myself. They are going down fast at our house, so I will need to order them again soon. Hope you enjoy them as much as I have. :)
Sandra, they were sweetened with sugar and corn syrup. I'm sure there are sugar free gum balls out there. Just google and see what you find.
maybe 300 or 400 hundred, hard to say as they are small
No they not sugar free
They are NOT an inch..smaller like a half inch !
Yes, if you have the equipment to grind flour, likely you could. It's already very fine shreds and is dry, not sticky. But why don't you just order the "Let's do organic coconut flour"?
No
It says USDA organic which means no GMO's
It looks like shredded coconut to me. Shredded is different than flakes.
The ingredients list reads, "Ingredients: Organic Coconut (shredded and dehydrated)". This leads me to believe it's non hydrogenated. While it does not state on the package, " non-GMO", it does state "USDA organic" and to my understanding organic means it is not GMO. I hope this helps!
June 2016 (bought in December 2014)
Hello Tiffany, I use this to make coconut flour (in the food processor) and combine it with almond flour to make cookies every week. I'm sure you can use it to make coconut milk. You can use your blender to mix the shredded coconut and water until smooth. If you want to make a little sweet, add a little raw honey. Here is a link with instructions I found on the web. I'm going to try this at home as well (my husband can't have dairy).
I purchased unsweetened (don't know if they sell a sweeten version) it has a more subtle coconut flavor than the sweetened alternatives. On the other hand you can control what kind and how much sweetener you want to use. It reminds me of unsweetened coconut milk. If baking with it, it does not yield the same effect as sweetened coconut.
I am not sure. Here is the info from the package. Maybe the company can tell you about the facility. Edward & Sons Trading Co., Inc. P. O. Box 1326 Carpinteria, CA 93014 www.edwardandsons.com Hope this helps. It is great coconut and very finely shredded.
the packaging does not indicate anything about cross-contamination or peanuts
50 calories
Generally around 30-40, depending on size. The Chupa Chups 5lb back advertises 36 pops/lb, making the total 180 pops.
Chupa Chupas were originally produced in Spain. Check out www.chupachups.com and Wikipedia on the internet. The whole story is there.
Sorry Douglas but we don't sell the Charms lollipops! Maybe in the future.
Unfortunately, I didn't think so. I never had the ones from Spain, but I can tell you that they did not taste the same as they do in Poland. I also thought they were quite old. Never ordered them again.
Yes, I believe so, they didn't seem mini.
The ingredients listed on my box are rooibos, chicory root, natural flavor, rosehip, cinnamon, lemongrass, peppermint, chamomile, ginger root, anise seed, orange oil and orange peel. They have a website you can check. Maybe more info than label.
There is no sweetner in tea, but the combination of the sweet & spicy has a great taste without it! We love it !! Hope this helps you. Also it's helps me due to my high blood sugar, I do not have to use any extras. Hope this helps. Have a good day
The Good Earth Sweet & Spicy Caffeine Free Herbal Tea taste like the old version. May brew a little stronger but still the same. I have been making lots of ice tea and find I can add a little more water than before.
There is absolutely no information on calories (or ingredients, for that matter) on the box, in the box, or on the individual tea packets themselves. Sorry.
Yes
yes we can.
No idea, but it tastes like chai spices.
well .. i bought it from Amazon. years ago Costco carried it and i do see it in some retail stores like Vons .. for twice the price. throw in a box the next time you place an Amazon order and try it. hope this helps.
Per Da Vinci, the Peppermint: An icy, cool blast of the aromatic peppermint leaf. Clear in color. The Peppermint Paddy: Reminiscent of premium chocolate mint candies. Vibrant green in color. So you get a chocolate flavoring with the Peppermint Paddy along with the mint. Also, plain peppermint is clear and paddy is green
I am not sure about it in coffee, but it is great in cocoa and I also.like it with chocolate protein mix for smoothies. You dont need enough to cause a color change in chocolate but when I use vanilla protein mix it does make it a mild green. It is very good and I highly recommend it.
The pump must be purchased separately. However, you can just measure out the amount needed. You don't really need a pump.
Yes.
I'm not able to find specific information on caffeine content but I would think it is fairly high. This tea is delicious though.
No clue but I think it's really just tea leaves and possible spices I can say its delicious and aromatic! You could probably find out from an Asian grocery store
Yes, yellow 6.
It ships frozen.
It is not mutton. It is from a larger lamb.
Half was kept cool for 4 days following receipt. The remaining half was in the freezer for a year and was just as delicious as the first part.
Hello, Yes we ship to Brazil. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
Hello, yes we do.
Don't know; just enjoyed them. I'd guess maybe 16.
I haven't used wheat in years, but from what I remember, this is about the same as general purpose flour would be. Not as fine as cake flour but a bit more fine than the bread flour I used to use.
Yes, the plantains that are used to make flour are typically unripe.
The packaging doesn't say. It is distributed by The Barry Farm in Wapakoneta, Ohio. 419-741-0155
Plantain flour. See http://www.barryfarm.com/nutri_info/flours/plantainflour.htm
1/4 cup unripe plantain = 25 RR 1 medium green banana =15
Hi, yes it is. I got the info from yeastinfectionadvisor.
There are other vendors carrying Barry Farm items that have the free shipping option.
I do not see where this price is quoted.
It's flour made from plantains.
I think it's up to the individual companies to provide the nutritional data on food items. Here's a link to a website that I use to research nutritional info. I also create an entry for some of my recipes so that I can get a nutritional analysis of the recipe. [It's a FREE site]
Its not organic wheat. Not sure about gmo.
Nutrition Facts Serving Size 2 cookies (31 g) Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 140 Calories from Fat 54 Total Fat 6.0g 9% Saturated Fat 0.5g 3% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 160mg 7% Carbohydrates 19.0g 6% Dietary Fiber 1.0g 4% Sugars 5.0g Protein 2.0g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 0% Read more: Calories in McVities - Biscuits Digestive | Nutrition and Health Facts http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-mcvities-biscuits-digestive-i70190#ixzz2igY67fq0
Well it turns out they have sodium bicarbonate in them and that was thought to help with digestion.
I'm guessing at least 20. I am at work, so I can't give a more accurate answer. They are very fresh and crumble easily if you aren't careful. I usually take out about 5 or 6 at a time and put in a smaller plastic container to help protect them.
YES! These are imported from the UK
Probably or very similar.
Kristy, it's been a while since I had milk lunch cracker, so I might not be very accurate, but digestive have slightly drier taste, also it becomes tastier as you're chewing it. It does not taste buttery. If you are not sure, try to buy it in a grocery store first , see how you like it. I like digestives, my kids not so much.
From the package: Whole wheat flour 54% Vegetable Oil, Wholemeal wheat 16% Sugar, Partially inverted sugar syrup, Raising agents (Sodium Bicarbonate, Tartaric Acid, Malic Acid ,Ammonium Bicarbonate) Salt, Dried Skinned Milk. Contains Milk, Gluten. Each biscuit is 71 Calories 4%, 2.5g Sugar 3%, 3.1g fat 4%, Saturates 0.3g 2% Salt 0.2g 3%. I love them!!!
Yes, that should be skimmed.
They were fresh. Not sure if there was a best to use by date. I open the packs and put them in an airtight container and they stay fresh.
I have not noticed an effect on baking times, and for me, it does not cause burning on the bottoms of my cookies, etc. I like using this paper as it does not have chemicals in it, and the white parchment paper does; which can go into the product you are baking/cooking, etc.
The total square feet of 12 boxes of 24 sheets equals 400 square feet. Each individual box of cut sheets equals 33.333 square feet. Although you can get more sheets from a continuous roll, I find the precut sheets to work better for me since I do not waste paper by tearing off too much.
12.5-in-x-16-in
It's a very nice big sheet. 200 sq inches, 12.5x16". Covers a baking sheet nicely.
They are in a brine like you see in olive bars in the Grocery store, a bit like pickles. You can eat them from the bag. I do not think they are "cooked" using heat.
The last time I bought a pack of these was a little more than a year ago while I was in the US and now I am back in Turkey. In case the company is still packing the same kind and/or quality of those olives, then I would say that an opened bag. when divided into several fridge bags or containers, should easily last for around a month. In our case, we- with my spouse- ate them all within a couple of weeks. For an unopened bag, I would think, it should be fine for another month but not much beyond that. Olives being kept in the refridgerator produces a whitish membrane (especially the green and/or pinkish ones) after 1.5-2 months, and that should go away when you wash them for a while under warm tap water. If I am a first time buyer of these olives, I would ideally buy a pack of them and if all is well order the next close to first bag's being finished. Bottomline, those olives (if they are still the same) will please you qualitywise. Cheers,
No they are not pitted, but delicious.
Ingredients listed in order from label: Nutritional Yeast Extract (Yeast, Salt), Carrots, Onions, Turmeric Root, Parsley, Leek, Nutmeg, Garlic, Lovage, Celery, Pepper, Balm, Dill, Paprika, Rosemary, Mustard. It is relatively high in sodium (420 mg/tsp), but otherwise, a very clean broth powder without added fat, oil, sugar, etc... and it tastes good! Veggie broth/broth powders are typically high in sodium. Have yet to find another powder that I like better or is cleaner. Hope this helps.
This broth is a staple at my house. You can saut some chopped onions and garlic in olive oil till really soft, add a bit of curry and tomato paste. After a couple of minutes, add water and bring to boil. Then add any vegetables you might have in your fridge: cauliflower, carrots, sweet potato, spinach, frozen peas. You can also add some drained and rinsed canned beans. When your veggies are soft, mix in some of the broth powder to flavor it to your liking. Sprinkle with chopped fresh herbs and enjoy.
This is nutritional yeast. If you have a question about a specific ingredient and your propensity to develop "yeast infections" consult your physician or dietician to determine which foods are not appropriate for you.
I have never noticed this. I use it for vegan soups and stews and add little or no salt.
There is no iodine listed on the label. There are 420 mgs. of sodium per teaspoon. You can probably call them. The importer name is: Source Atlantique, Inc., Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632. Good luck.
I'd like to know as well. Can't seem to find them on Google either.
this product is so good i will eat a can in about 3 days, for best flavor and taste 30 days, expiration date should be on the can it self
My guess (guess, mind you) is yes since they are not all THAT soft. Wow, if that works, it would be dynamite as a gift, party food, and just to eat. If you try it, please share how you did it. I would say the answer to will they hold up in melted chocolate is 85% yes, but if not, you still have some great peppermint sticks. What a great idea. Even white chocolate would be yummy.
About 3"
These are soft..They dissolve in my coffee in 2 minutes..Most likely YES to your question ;-) LOVE these...
sticks are about as big around as your ring finger
Of course. That is how I always bake this wonderful bread
Yes, you need the yeast; it's provided in the boxed product!
1/4 cup dry (bread mix only) 14 servings per container total carbs 22 grams dietary fiber 2 grams sugars 2 grams
of course
No, this product is NOT gluten free. I'm looking at the ingredients on the box, and the first one in the list is wheat flour. It also contains a grain blend of oats, flax, rye, barley, corn, triticale, millet, rice bran and sunflower.
Yes for sure and they are really good
Yes, it can. There are instructions on the box so you should have no problem. I can definitely recommend the Nine Grain and the Herb & Cheese - both are delicious. Good luck and enjoy!
Regular 1 1/2 to 2# loaf machine is fine. Enjoy! It is good bread.
howdy ms. russell, it makes a 1.5 pound loaf. there are instructions for how to make a 1 pound loaf if desired, but the package is designed for 1.5 pound bread machines. take care, lee
No, it is not soy free. The 3rd last ingredient before "salt" is "soy flour". Nancy S.
Yes. We automatically receive 4 boxes a month and there is always a packet of yeast included .. bread is delicious!
No percentage. Stone ground whole grain hard spring wheat flour. I have a phone # on box if you need let me know.
One Year
22 grams (2 g fiber, 2 g sugar)
A little, yes. If you don't like to have any husk in your bulgar, I suggest Trader Joes brand,
Yes, it has roasted soy chips. The picture on the actual box has the words "WITH SOY" under the "BULGAR WHEAT" title. The Amazon picture does not show those words. According to the actual box, "One serving of Hodgson Mills Bulgar Wheat with Soy provides 6.25 grams of soy protein."
Yes.. i received 6 18oz boxes
No, I don't believe these were salted.
Mary, the package says that the sole ingredient is whole grain rice, and elsewhere on the package says "natural whole grain". It does not specifically say organic, but I consider it a 'pure' product because it is made in Belgium where many agricultural contaminents are not used. Also, I am extremely, extremely gluten sensitive, and have eaten these crackers successfully for years. The package does say that it is manufactured in a facility that contains "wheat, milk, sesame seeds and soy", but I am highly, highly sensitive to even trace amounts of these products and have eaten the crackers for a long period of time. The product does say 'sodium, chorestrerol, gluten, fat and sugar free', and that claim, to me, is justified since if it contained a gluten contaminent I would have a reaction. The bottom line to your question is that the package doesn't say 'organic' but my body says it is a pure product. And my taste buds says 'delicious'. I hope I have been helpful as I realize that people with allergies and food restrictions need truthful and helpful feedback. margma
I haven't had to freeze them, they never last that long around here ;)
Truthfully, I didn't pay attention to the exp. date because I ordered in bulk. and the rice cakes have NEVER been stale by the time the bulk order is eaten. They have remained crisp and uniform in quality.
I've only bought the Suzie's whole grain brown rice cakes ...package says 54 calories per 3 cakes.9 servings per package hope this helps.
Yes, Barbara, it has dehydrated chicken meat. And it's 150 calories per serving, which is one cup.
I got four but used large bowls so it would probably be 6 with regular soup bowls. It was delicious!
Tuscan white bean soup has 660 mg of sodium per serving. Each package contains 4 servings.
It's done in 20 minutes but longer cooking doesn't matter. This soup cannot be hurt. I add additional canned cannelloni beans and/or potatoes and/or orzo pasta or skinniy sliced carrots. I usually add grated parmesan cheese. If it gets too thick, just add water. Sometimes, I throw a little white wine into the pot. If I have leftovers, I put the soup in a big zip lock and freeze it. Enjoy.
According to this: http://www.calorieking.com/foods/calories-in-soup-mixes-tuscan-white-bean-zuppa-toscana_f-ZmlkPTE0MjM0NA.html ....the soup has 150 calories per serving. It is very good, and nourishing, but a bit high in sodium if you are watching salt intake. Hope this helps out.
"No added salt" is the most accurate answer. The ingredients listed are just sardines and water, and that is one reason I prefer this brand. However, to me there is a mild saltiness in the taste of the sardines and the broth which is often part of the flavor of any seafood. The amount of sodium per can according to the label is 45 mg, or 2% of DV.
Morocco
Unfortunately you won't know. The ones from Morocco are improving.
No
Unfortunately Reese makes no mention of this in their nutrition information.
BPA is a plasticizer added to can coatings and plastics to keep them flexible during their manufacturing process and to add long term stability against degradation during the expected life cycle of the product for which they are used. In my opinion, glass packaging is the safest form of food packaging for products that are to be stored at room temperature and even here, the screw-on closure has a plastic coating on its interior surface to protect the metal lid from the food contents. Since BPA is used in water clear plastic bottle, the absence of a white substance on a can coating which one reviewer alluded to is not a guarantee that the coating is BPA free. The white is probably Titanium Dioxide, the whitest substance known to man, expensive but safe and looks a lot better then some of the other can coatings used but its used as a filler for appearance sake and is not a plasticizer. In my opinion, I don't think the can used for sardine packaging is BPA free. However, given the wide spread use of BPA and there being no known epidemic of people dying from its use, I'd say, "Eat the sardine, they are good for you and you will die from something anyway". If you pressure some food packagers they will admit that "they are hard at work looking for a substitute" and I believe them but the fact is that BPA is doing the job successfully at a price the supplier is willing to pay. Tin is another issue. The price of tin has gotten so high that I doubt any food packager is using it, the reader may be looking at the chromium plated steel base sheet with a clear can coating applied over it which proved to be successful under very demanding conditions some years ago.
I personally just use them for a healthy snack bc it doesn't have enough protien.
It's right on each individual bar and it's wrapper. Protein 6g, carbs 26g, sugar 18g, etc.
Its listed on the nutrition info as 200 calories. Its a link you need to expand below the product description
Not big but filling. If you eat more than one a day be prepared to be running to the restroom. You could easily break one into four pieces throughout the day
I think it is likely the agave, which much like honey crystallizes after a while. The bars are likely just fine, but not as fresh as they should be.
All the flavors average between 18 and 20 grams per bar. I try and eat them a couple hours before a workout.
Okay, probably more than 3-4, maybe 3-4 large bites, but probably more like 6-8? They are relatively close in size to a Larabar, but thinner and wider by a little bit.
I just reviewed the ingredients for1.Banana Coconut 2.choc brownie 3. Dark Choc Berry 4. Wild Blueberry On the box none have soy. All say contains Almonds, Cashews Walnuts and the Banana Coconut also contains the Coconut. They all have other ingredients but all state Certifies Organic. There Tel Number is 1-888-568-pure. Also website is thepurebar.com enjoy!!!
The ingredients list Agave nectar. There is a lot of controversy surrounding the so-called health benefits of Agave nectar, but one thing is certain, it is a form of sugar. But, for me personally, weighing the addition of Agave nectar against the benefits of a great-tasting gluten-free, vegan, alternative to a traditional brownie, I am sold. I eat these as an occasional treat and NOT as a meal replacement or daily snack.
6g
I personally just use them for a healthy snack bc it doesn't have enough protien.
It's right on each individual bar and it's wrapper. Protein 6g, carbs 26g, sugar 18g, etc.
Its listed on the nutrition info as 200 calories. Its a link you need to expand below the product description
Not big but filling. If you eat more than one a day be prepared to be running to the restroom. You could easily break one into four pieces throughout the day
I think it is likely the agave, which much like honey crystallizes after a while. The bars are likely just fine, but not as fresh as they should be.
All the flavors average between 18 and 20 grams per bar. I try and eat them a couple hours before a workout.
Okay, probably more than 3-4, maybe 3-4 large bites, but probably more like 6-8? They are relatively close in size to a Larabar, but thinner and wider by a little bit.
I just reviewed the ingredients for1.Banana Coconut 2.choc brownie 3. Dark Choc Berry 4. Wild Blueberry On the box none have soy. All say contains Almonds, Cashews Walnuts and the Banana Coconut also contains the Coconut. They all have other ingredients but all state Certifies Organic. There Tel Number is 1-888-568-pure. Also website is thepurebar.com enjoy!!!
The ingredients list Agave nectar. There is a lot of controversy surrounding the so-called health benefits of Agave nectar, but one thing is certain, it is a form of sugar. But, for me personally, weighing the addition of Agave nectar against the benefits of a great-tasting gluten-free, vegan, alternative to a traditional brownie, I am sold. I eat these as an occasional treat and NOT as a meal replacement or daily snack.
6g
i have been purchasing this product for a while now and i have been pleased with the freshness of the popcorn even after months of having it in the pantry. c october 23, 2013
In follow-up of your question, I did a lot of searching rather than going to my car where I have many bags for my trips - they say it is 65 calories for each bag. That was what I believed before my research. I prefer the 1 oz bags as it prevents my opening the third bag before getting to and from work. Better to have 130 calories than 195 calories. Good luck and enjoy the quality product.
No exactly sure but they are 0.5-ounce bags and they fit nicely into a regular size brown lunch paper bag which I used to hold the favors and treats. No more than a 5x4 I would say.
Sorry, I can not ansewer that question.What I have has a 2 April expiration date but I do not know how long ago I ordered the case.
from mfg - The tea's main ingredient is mulberry, but green tea is listed second to the last ingredient. There is a minimum amount of green tea for flavoring therefore the tea cannot be considered caffeine free, but it only contains a pinch. The amount cannot be revealed due to the formula being proprietary. It is very different than taking a cup of 100% green tea. Green tea contains naturally derived caffeine. (so no idea how much)
Hello, I do not see the carb count on the label. Perhaps you can contact the maker of the tea.
When I bought it I thought it was going to only be white mulberry leaf, but it has other ingredients in it as well, including caffeine.
The tea pot is not meant to be used on a stove or in a microwave. It is a steeping pot only.
I don't believe so, I gave it as a gift but she told me it was thin and fragile.
They loved it. The flower did not bloom as pretty as the picture, some flowers bloomed upside down but it taste fine nonetheless. Could the tasteless part be a result of too many steeps? Sorry to hear that she didn't like it
Depends on the flower & weather.
I don't remember but it was a nice box sorry
chemical free glass
Ruth, they are not. The handsewn tea leaves are organic teas and eatable flowers. They are beautful to watch and taste wonderful. Hope you enjoy.
Yes :-)
yes we can handle volume- what would be the contact method for you ?
You need to check each tea as some do and some don't.
The ingredients do not list soy sauce. But there is a small amount of tofu, which is made of soybeans.
All of the product's nutritional content is viewable by clicking on the photos. 290mg per serving = 580mg in a cup
No. But it is made in a facility that uses peanuts and other food allergens.
Sorry, I cannot provide that answer to your question as it was quite a while ago that I purchased this --- I did enjoy it alot, but don't know about any peanuts in it, I do suggest you really focus in on the material shown on the box, it details all items in the product.
There are TWO servings per container, each being 100 calories. So the container is 200 calories.
Thank you for your inquiry. We have experienced a dramatic rise in the wholesale market price of true Peruvian Maca powder over the past several weeks. We thank you for your previous purchase, and apologize for the increase in price. Unfortunately, it is out of our control. Please visit navitasnaturals.com for more information. Sincerely, Natural Planet
It is listed as "lepidium meyenii, walpers" in the ingredients but has a creamy color. I hope that helps.
Nope. Just 1 large 32oz package.
I would say not decreased libido. Maca is good for slowing/stopping age-related decline. If you have other conditions or needs, you may need something else.
I drink it mixed in with smoothies so there isn't a strong taste. There's a slight flavor (slightly earthy or nutty) but it's not very noticeable mixed with other stuff.
No
The best way to drink is with almond milk
No they didn't...but is cream maca root.!
one
I checked the label again and could only find "Organic, Gluten=Free Oats" on the label.
18 grams, per the cup.......you have to look close to the left side of the amazon page
Dear Kimberly, I am do not claim to be an expert in this field and I have no affiliation whatsoever to Dr. Mc Dougall's, Having said that I do have the product in the house and it only contains "ORGANIC GLUTEN FREE WHOLE OATS" according to the label. Than it goes on to container sweeteners. Maybe Amazon described it wrong on the product page. Sorry. If you do try it I think you be delighted with it. Keith Herman
Yes, on the package it states: certified organic by Q.A.I.
I understand natural flavoring is not MSG, but could be gluten if wheat, barley or rye is listed under allergy on the container. Otherwise it is just flavoring from the actual product the item is made from.
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
indefinite
While the product is vegetarian, gluten-free, and fat-free, I don't know if they are non-GMO. I couldn't find any info in that regard. You could go to santafebean.com and contact them to ask.
I will venture a guess, since I've not tried it. Yes, I'm thinking you could let soak...maybe even set them in the sun if you are camping. They are so good, tho', you should just buy a case and try it out before your trip. I swear the company did not put me up to this,&#128516;
They literally have two ingredients, beans and salt.
Can opener.
I do not know why it has so much of a salty taste but I couldn't make it taste good by putting condiments; mayonnaises, pickles, or mustard.
I purchased these cans within the last 2 months from Amazon and the cans are stamped: "Best by Sep 2016". So, I'm guessing they are allowing a 3 year shelf life. It is just a guess though, as I do not find an easily visible date of manufacture.
310 in the 3.7 oz container.
Yes it is sticky. Not mushy but sticky. I love the texture.
Yes..buts horrible...u would wish it wasn't kosher
Yes on each individual serving
It's that it's already cooked, so you're just steaming it.
Not that it states in the ingredients, and when I looked up the leveling agent there was no mention of it
It's certified USDA and QAI organic and manufactured by Minsley, Inc. of Ontario, CA. Their website also states it is Non-GMO.
One of the best products out there! The rice is perfect for a whole meal or just a few sponfuls into soup...cooked perfect...I will order many many more of these...I am extremely picky about the quality of food...believe me this is cooked perfect!!!
The label says it is product of USA
I have kept it for 3 months now without any deterioration. I don't know the maximum shelf life.
sure
rinse rice, steam cook or boil covered if need be, use rice hot best. A rice cooker heats water and u add rice just like a pot and cover. you may need to adjust water amounts to ur liking...
It is made in the US, in California.
If your useing it for sushi only you could feed a small army.
The company says, "No "expiration" or "best by" dates appear on our products. Instead, production codes representing date of manufacturing are employed. Our Kokuho Rose Japanese style rice, polished white and free of bran, is shelf stable for approximately one year." If you go to the company's website there are the instruction to decode the date.
Yes, this rice makes excellent onigiri. I have used it to do so for several years.
Not sure, but it comes from Koda Farms which is a certified organic facility
No
Yes they do! And that is why they are so versatile. So I bought three pack and I can grow 6 different sprout types at the same time! I love these!
Yes, instructions are included for various types of seeds and nuts.
There are 3 trays -- each tray measures 2" deep, 5"wide, 6 1/4" long. They stack on top of each other setting on 1/4" legs (the lids catch any excess water that drips out). They also have a center divider for each tray, effectively giving six cavities for growing things. They work great! I just used them a couple weeks ago to grow a mix of Alfalfa, Clover, Radish, and Broccoli -- came out wonderful and my seeds are getting rather old now. One thing though, clean them by hand washing, and use a toothpick to clean out the holes. Good luck.
I live in FL where it is very humid and it works fine. Just make sure you rinse well and use Grapeseed Extract to prevent mold.
It doesn't say, as there is no recycling label on the bottom of any of the trays. It is very bright white in color and rigid. I have dropped the trays several times but they don't chip or crack. If you are worried about BPA, these trays are certified BPA free. For more info, check out sproutpeople.org.
I'm an American living outside the USA. I usually bring several bags in my suitcase back with me everytime I visit, but I love these things so I run out and Amazon is the only way I can get them inbetween visits.
Nutricity does, indeed, ship to the UK! Shipping costs for all international shipments will be calculated during checkout by Amazon and will be available for review prior to checkout.
We will check with our distributor and when they get that, we will add that Thank you
I would like to know this myself??
I can't believe the Snapeas are unavailable and they post, "we don't know when they will be available again?" I'm so bummed! please Amazon, find out where our snacks are hiding because I only have two bags left!!
I'm an American living outside the USA. I usually bring several bags in my suitcase back with me everytime I visit, but I love these things so I run out and Amazon is the only way I can get them inbetween visits.
Nutricity does, indeed, ship to the UK! Shipping costs for all international shipments will be calculated during checkout by Amazon and will be available for review prior to checkout.
We will check with our distributor and when they get that, we will add that Thank you
I would like to know this myself??
I can't believe the Snapeas are unavailable and they post, "we don't know when they will be available again?" I'm so bummed! please Amazon, find out where our snacks are hiding because I only have two bags left!!
Dear Danny, Yes of course we can supply 275 bars. If you place an order now. This will be a special delivery signed for and you will get it before your event. Please let us know if you would like 275 single bars or 6 packs of 275. You can also contact us via email from our Seller Page. As this is a bulk order there will be extra shipping cost for a signed for delivery. Write to us soon. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
The bars are as the imaged depicts them. They will take 4-6 weeks to arrive.
July 20, 2014
I don't sell them, I was commenting on some that I bought on Amazon and no they are not the real Mars Bars
This is indeed the popular Mars bar sold in England. As others have stated, the US Mars bar was a bit different from the UK bar, but if you want the US Mars bar, you can buy it under the new name Snickers Almond.
I'll be honest with you, I will really unsatisfied with the product. The cake batter ended up a color, not the color expected, and I had to use the entire bottle just to get a decent color. Then when I baked the cake, all the color disappeared. Really strange stuff. But I suppose it would also matter what you are mixing with it and your purpose for the dye.
These are dyes, so the paint film may come off, but it is going to cause the skin to become dyed. Think of food color and getting it on your hands. They may come from a natural source, but the stain will take a while to wear away.
Possibly. The yellow would. The blue is just foul. I didn't try the red but other reviews say you can get pink out of it. And I'd guess you would have to refrigerate the capsules afterward since the colors don't have preservatives.
In a small batch of frosting, for instance, you could get red. But normally I would say it's probably closer to what most consider pink.
I've used them both for cake frosting and cookie icing and didn't notice any change in flavor. Even though I had to use more than traditional coloring to get a darker color - still kept my frosting flavor intact.
The glycerin is derived from soy and/or palm. Soon it will only be derived from palm.
Yes, there are instructions on the India Tree Website. You will get nice pastel colors. http://www.indiatree.com/NC_Coloring_Guidelines_Easter_Eggs.php?Category=NC&Subcategory=NC_Coloring_Guidelines&Name=Easter_Eggs
they will stain fabrics, and as long as they are not washed aggressively with detergents (gentle hand washing, drip dry) the stains should stay decently, but if you want to dye clothes to wear I would not risk it because one washing machine run and they would probably lift right out and go into your other clothes. By the way the red is mostly just beet juice, so juice up a beet and see how it does on your fabric! You can make yellow from Goldenrod. Blue can be made from berry juices and other natural materials.
Mix blue and red. I used these to make a three-tiered wedding cake and it worked out well.
i am not sure, but you will not get the colors you are seeking anyhow. i had high hopes even with all the reviews and was very dissapointed.
I had ordered in February 2013 and the candy had an expiration date of April 2013.
I don't know. Sorry. I ordered Bounty Chocolate Cases (2) last year and they never reached me. Decision by supplier was reached/assumed that they boxes were held at U.S. customs.
There are 24 individual packages with 2 pieces in each package.
You get 2 50oz bags, but I am not sure how many are in each bag. It doesn't say the count. I purchased a bag last year that said it had 365 pieces, so that may be the closest guess.
Yes. They are individually wrapped.
Yes it is
Not any more, apparently. They used to be 16.29. Why the huge price increase, Amazon?
Sounds that way!
I'm sorry, but I don't know what "halal" means.
Keep in mind, these mints are sold by the 50 ounce bag; not the number of mints in the bag. That being said, there's about 500 individually wrapped mints in each bag.
I wouldn't recommend boiling it but you can surely sit it in hot water instead of putting it in the microwave.
Yes they are made for microwaving
Nope
almost a year after purchase date.
good
Is for 6 packing
It's probably going to vary depending on what lot you buy and when you buy it.
05Jan2016
It says distributed by Gerber Products Co. Fremont, MI 49413, USA. Outside of that I don't know where it was made
The ones I bought didn't have any expiration date
Peach Puffs December 2014
i haven't tasted a difference at all. I think they just changed the label, but not the recipe. they're as delicious as always, by themselves and in all my recipes.
Not to my knowledge..I just looked at the ingredients and couldn't find any sugar additives..
I have no idea. I got 6 jars of pickles ...
It's very strong so if you do try it in tea, I would just add a small drop and see how it tastes. It's also very expensive so I would suggest you try an Anise Extract for tea instead.
No, absolutely not
DennisJ, this is not Star Anise Oil which is an essential oil. This is 100% Pure Anise Oil used in baking. I hope this helps you.
We have seven of this item on hand at this time.
It will depend on how much you like the taste of of anise in your biscotti. I love it but you have to be careful not to overdo it so start with two teaspoons. After baking, if you find you like it stronger then adjust your recipe to three teaspoons. Anise Extract is very weak and to me has no taste so enjoy the Anise Oil. I gave a bottle to each of my sisters and they love the Anise Oil the best.
Beth, I would think it would work. Give it a try and let us know how they came out. Good luck.
Jezebelle...I'm not sure what it is, only that I've been using it for my Italian cookies (biscotti and pizzelles) for many years.
As far as I know Malden only makes flakes. That is why it is so good. All I have ever ordered or bought was Malden Sea Salt and it has always been flakes. I don't know about the other products like smoked salt.
i don't think you'd want to. and you certainly don't need to. it is flaky, not like little pebbles that you would grind. we use it by gently crushing it with our fingertips while sprinkling or in our palms, for salads, soups and on top of chocolate chip cookies. it is very light and delicate.
Some are smoked. The green and white checkered is not. And some come as a 2 or 3 pack instead of just one.
you receive two of the 8.7 oz boxes. have you used this salt before? You will love it!
the shipping charge would be 6.95 in the USA, if shipping out of the country it would depend on the country location.
not sure on press...however ..coffee is not..(not) ground fine...like expresso...I have used it my expreeso machine and drip..."French market" brand is just as good..and cheaper...amazon has a offer to have a can sent monthly with free shipping ...I HOPE YOU LIKE THE CHICORY FLAVOR A LOT OF PEOPLE DONT...
No
yes, you just put it in your coffee maker and brew like any other coffee. I found 6 tablespoons to a whole pot of coffee worked best.
Yes, it is!
No, I do not have.
May 3rd 2016 as of the cans I received Feb 20th, 2015.
Currently we do not offer international shipping. Thank you for your interest.
Last few cans our family has purchased the best used by date has been slightly over 1 year.
For 2 cans of Caf Du Monde, 15oz each,the cost is $12.99 and 4 cans would be $39.59 with shipping. As of today, 11/06/2014, the expiration date is 11/15.
No, it isn't instant coffee.
Hi, They have a 1.5 inch diameter. Thanks, Joe
Hi, They have a 1.5 inch diameter. Thanks Joe
Hi, These are already baked, all you have to do is add filling. Thanks, Joe
You should probably stay away from carb quick until after induction. Since this post was quite a few months ago I doubt it will be much help to you, but maybe to others.
go to a website called netrition.com and search for carbquik. netrition.com is the best low carb online store I've found. when you search for the product there, you'll see the nutritional information and you can compute the carbs based on all the ingredients in your pancakes, along with the amount of carbquik you'll use. hope this helps. happy low carb baking/cooking.
There are 2 net carbs per 1/3 cup once you subtract the fiber. I use this product a lot and find it works very well.
Yes you can. I googled a recipe for the pie crust and located one. It was actually pretty good.
You can use it for anything you would have made with bisquick. It's that amazing!
It does not last long enought here to worry about expiration date. You can call the company and they will tell you. Good luck and enjoy....
I use quik carb for biscuits only because I'm not a fan of how other uses turn out. But more specifically to yor question,I use only water. I've tried using milk, cream, etc., and it doesn't seem to improve the taste or texture. Hope this helps. --Art
Sorry I have not, I made pancakes & pepperoni biscuits very good!!
No. Sorry.
You can use it for anything you would use flour for. It is just a lot denser than regular flour so you must use it sparingly.
Nutrition Facts on the package says 1/4 cup of the mix "prepared" is 190 calories. This makes 3 pancakes. The Total Carbohydrate 12g. I purchase this product for the low carbohydrate content. I use the Ketone diet which uses the Carb number rather than calories. Great taste also.
it really depends on how big you make your pancake or waffle. I make 6 to 7 huge pancakes from each package (they are the size of a medium sized frying pan).
You add water, eggs or egg beaters, and a dash of oil (optional). I find these pancakes to be VERY good. We eat them almost every morning.
Wheat Gluten, Corn Starch (low glycemic), wheat flour entiched (niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin,folic acid,malted barley flour, ascorbic acid), leavening (baking soda , sodium acid pyrophosphate, monocalcium phosphate), corn flour, buttermilk, salt, natural flavors.
The first ingredient on the package is "wheat gluten," so no, it's not. Sorry.
Here's what the package says: "Product of China", Packed exclusively for Seapoint Farms of Huntington Beach, CA, "100% Natural Ingredients: Soybeans, Sea Salt. Manufactured in a plant that processes peanuts and other nuts." It has the capital K symbol (Kosher, I think), and the "Non-GMO" green plant with yellow sun symbol (I think this is regulated and only allowed to be advertised if it meets certain requirements.) It does not say "organic" or carry the organic symbols. I've been very happy with the edemame (of course, non-plus'd about it being from China), but it seems to be as advertised and in a fairly natural state. Who knows how far back the genetic modification goes and if this could be traced...
Yes, mine had almost a year before 'expiration'.
They do not appear to be roasted in oil. The packaging indicates the only ingredients as soy beans and sea salt. These really are healthy (if you discount the salt, but at only 150mg per serving even that isn't bad).
No. They are dry roasted and lightly salted. No fermentation.
300mg of sodium per serving...there are 3 servings to a bag.
There were a lot of plain ones, there were some that were really spicy-hot, there were some that were BBQ and my favorite was the salt and vinegar. The salt and vinegar ones are really delicious. I was a little disappointed at how many plain bags there were though.
Yes - 24 bags. It ended up being more than I could eat within the expiration date - which is probably my fault vs. theirs The product was good, the waste - mine.
try contacting the company...usually they will try to resolve your problem! you really do want the outhouse cause it is really cool! you could also contact amazon they are always helping with problems good luck!
no
I bought it for a 2013 christmas present for my son. When I first received it, it came only with the bottle. After telling Amazon about it, the company finally sent me the outhouse, but it was after christmas. It's really neat, and you should get it. After all that is the way it is advertised, and that's what you are paying for. I hope you can get it without going thru what I did.
Yes, It does. The sauce is good n hot.
I don't know anything about Zapps but I can tell you that the wonderful potato flavor without the salt has me loving these Kettle chips.
Calories per serving is 150 and calories from Fat is 80. Serving size 1 oz (28g/about 13 chips) Servings per contain:5 Hope this helps, also they are good and crunchy IMO.
According to the label the chips are made with all natural ingredients, no maltodextrin ( which is some type of sugar additive) listed anywhere on the package...hope this helps if not contact them (www.kettlebrand.com)
I understand, I was introduced to this buy accident but I loved it so much I kept ordering it when I needed it. I had an order really @#$% up but they made good on it. Yes they made good with 3 times the amount of what with stuff I did not order!! It all comes down to if you are going to dilute or water down your product tell them!! Their is no doubt the new ordered stuff is just a watered down version of the original .
We offer free shipping for any quantity - The Little Shop of Fiery
No. Only three ingredients. Habanero, salt & vinegar..
It is glass.
118 ml (4 oz)
Yes, they do. And they are delicious. They do contain sulfur dioxide, a preservative, so if sulfites are a problem, they will be a problem.
A resealable plastic bag inside a cardboard box.
Not that I can taste
Depends on when they are ordered but as a returning customer for several months, generally the expiration date is 6 months from the date of purchase. Hope this helps.
In stock at Foodies General Store's Amazon storefront.
I have had rice cakes stay fresh for 6 months but you have to keep them in a dry and cool place. However, the best people to answer this are the makers themselves. It has happened to me to receive a batch of rather stale ones, once, granted something unusual, and when I called them and they checked the dates, it was found that they were rather old and Lundberg replaced them immediately. But I had bought them directly from their site.
If i recollect correctly they grow their own in california i think ... anyhoo, its here is the good ol'USA
Yes
13, and the package says "Made in a Gluten-Free Facility." Hope that helps! :-)
No, sorry!
Its organic, but it does not say kosher on the packaging.
60 .... looked on another bag (wild rice, because these are all eaten) .... but most rice cakes are between 50-70 each. You can google it up http://www.lundberg.com/products/rice_cakes/Organic_Brown_Rice_Cakes_Lightly_Salted.aspx. I see that Quaker brand is also 60!!
Lundberg Wild Blend is a mix of 5 or so different rices, brown rice and wild rice are two of them. I cook it in either vegetable or chicken broth, sometimes adding mushrooms and other spices. It makes a delicious side dish.
Brown rice setting - Use slightly less water for better texture. Put any butter and flavorings in before adding water. If you use stock or stock concentrate don't add salt. A very flavorful rice - 1.5 cups rice, 1 packet Swanson Flavor Boost - chicken, 1 TBSP unsalted butter, 2 generous slices fresh ginger (for rice you don't need to peel the ginger) and 3 cloves garlic.
Yes and yes. Wonderful rice best ever. Family farm, been in business since 1937. You would love it.
Lundberg Family Farms, Richvale, CA
I'm not positive but I think not. I think most rice like this is either modified to stop it reproducing or treated to stop it. I've have what I have is moist conditions and it would have sprouted by now if it was going to.
Yes
I put the rice in a air tight container, I bought it a year back, and Its still good. .
It's still a two-to-one ratio. The package actually says to use less water, but I find that the rice comes out too tough/undercooked if I don't use a two-to-one ratio. So, basically, cook it the same way you would cook white rice.
Per the Nutiva website: Nutiva packages our oil in three types of materials: Glass jars, clear PET and white HDPE. We have found the white HDPE holds up better for shipping via UPS or USPS during the hot summer months. Also note Nutiva containers are made without BPA. Bisphenol A or BPA is used in some plastics and tin cans.
Nutiva has decided to drop the word "extra" from their new label. They claim that the quality is still the same.
The expiration date is stamped on the top of the lid to the jar.
Found this information on the internet; however, did not find anything on sun protection: Is coconut oil good for my skin and hair? We tell our patients that from the time of infancy through the senior years, coconut oil is a wonderful moisturizer for skin and hair. It has good amounts of the antioxidant vitamin E, which is very protective. If you are using on the skin regularly, it is best to try to find an organic coconut oil, to reduce the absorption of toxins and pesticides through your skin. We even recommend new parents massage infants with coconut oil after a bath. One 2005 study of 120 babies showed that a coconut oil massage is safe and has health benefits.
I bought 2 - 15 fl. oz. It was packed on 10/23/2013; best before 10/23/2015. It was placed in a cardboard box & sealed tight. No leakage. Hope that helps!
According to the product description, it's about 50% lauric acid, which is a medium chain fatty acid. This is a fully organic product, very healthy and relative to comparable market offerings a worthy value.
I would use it after a shower while still wet so that it is absorbed easier and would not leave you so greasy. Afterwards, just pat yourself dry. Experiment until you have the amount of moisturizer you prefer on your skin so you don't feel greasy.
Yes. See www.mercola.com and type in coconut oil & hair
No I have not, but I use it as deodorant, lotion, to take off make-up, you can even mix it with baking soda and a few other ingredients to make toothpaste!!!
It appears that the CO we have is listed as 54 OZ. Whether or not it is 24 OZ. we do not know. The product is listed at 54 OZ. I would recommend questioning Amazon relating to the question.
35%
Its a glass bottle with a metal lid
I believe the picture must be in error. The product I received is one 8 ounce bottle.
You can keep it for years if it last that long. It is the best vanilla extract out there. Enjoy!!
Ingredients per product label: Water, Alcohol (35%), Sugar, Vanilla Bean Extractives.
Yes, based on the information provided on Nielsen Massey website.
It would work fine in a lip balm recipe!
We do ship to Brazil. Shipping fees will appear directly above the "Add to cart" button.
No, this is just for one.
35% alcohol... Vanilla beans is last but that has always been standard on any extract I've ever seen or used.
Its from China.
No it does not.
A teaspoon of matcha (makes 8 oz) has about 70 mg of caffeine in it. An 8 oz cup of most coffee has a little more than a 100 (a Starbucks Grande-- 16 oz -- has 330mg of caffeine).
Yes, I drink it every morning. Caffeine is the icing on the cake, so to speak. I just like the taste of the matcha.
From China; not from Japan.
I would probably say 1 tbsp. That's what I use and that is more than enough.
I like the product, however it is the first matcha tea I ever bought. I make it as a hot tea and add lemon juice and it is a refreshing alternative to the various flavored green tea bags. Hopefully you don't mind textures because the last few swallows the powdered tea leaves are more noticeable. Personnally that doesn't bother me.
I didn't know what matchDNA was, so I had to look it up and read about it -- anyway, as far as I can tell, it comes in capsule form, and also includes units of pomegranates and blueberries, which this powder does not. Also, I bought this powder in 1/2 pound bulk to make it easy to use in cooking -- I have a number of recipes that call for matcha tea powder, and the price was really reasonable, I thought. Hope this helps.
I read it's from Japan but yet in still not sure
I've been using it for both baking and making smoothies,etc. and it's works just fine!!
Unfortunately, I don't know the specific antioxidant content. However, here's a bit of info from WebMD: Several teas (including green tea) come from the plant Camellia sinensis. Green tea leaves are not fermented like many teas; they are withered and steamed. Teas from the Camellia sinensis are rich in polyphenols. Whether it's green or black, tea has about eight to 10 times the polyphenols found in fruits and vegetables. Green tea is a great detoxifier. There is no doubt about that.
That is correct.
No it is not
According to the Bigelow website (http://www.bigelowtea.com/Catalog/Product/36/1/548/Raspberry+Royale.aspx), it is a black tea.
Weight Loss. Green tea increases the metabolism. The polyphenol found in green tea works to intensify levels of fat oxidation and the rate at which your body turns food into calories. Diabetes. Green tea apparently helps regulate glucose levels slowing the rise of blood sugar after eating. This can prevent high insulin spikes and resulting fat storage. Heart Disease. Scientists think, green tea works on the lining of blood vessels, helping keep them stay relaxed and better able to withstand changes in blood pressure. It may also protect against the formation of clots, which are the primary cause of heart attacks. Esophageal Cancer. It can reduce the risk of esophageal cancer, but it is also widely thought to kill cancer cells in general without damaging the healthy tissue around them. Cholesterol. Green tea reduces bad cholesterol in the blood and improves the ratio of good cholesterol to bad cholesterol. Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. It is said to delay the deterioration caused by Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. Studies carried out on mice showed that green tea protected brain cells from dying and restored damaged brain cells. Tooth Decay. Studies suggests that the chemical antioxidant "catechin" in tea can destroy bacteria and viruses that cause throat infections, dental caries and other dental conditions Blood Pressure. Regular consumption of green tea is thought to reduce the risk of high blood pressure. Depression. Theanine is an amino acid naturally found in tea leaves. It is this substance that is thought to provide a relaxing and tranquilizing effect and be a great benefit to tea drinkers. Anti-viral and Anti-bacterial. Tea catechins are strong antibacterial and antiviral agents which make them effective for treating everything from influenza to cancer. In some studies green tea has been shown to inhibit the spread of many diseases. Skincare. Green tea can apparently also help with wrinkles and the signs of aging, This is because of their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities. Both animal and human studies have demonstrated that green tea applied topically can reduce sun damage.
No
no metal staples, just good quality tea! paper tag attached on string to mesh tea bag
When does what expire?
Hard to tell but the say to error on the side of "not" and I tend to think it's not recyclable. Doesn't mean it's not environmentally friendly. May be made from recyclable means. Most likely is.
China & other Asian countries.
In South Carolina, near Charleston, there's an historic island called Wadmalaw Island. It's 10 miles long and 6 miles wide with a sandy soils and a sub-tropical climate: the perfect conditions to grow the Camiillia Sinesis plant (otherwise know as tea)! That's where you'll find Bigelow Tea's Charleston Tea Plantation, America's largest working tea garden. Because Wadmalaw Island cannot be commercially developed, it's a natural oasis and a step back in time. Bigelow Tea purchased the plantation in 2003 and now grows and produces American Classic Tea. Guests are invited to the grounds for weddings, tours and even a variety of music festivals. It's a tea-riffic way to experience historic Southern culture and a living piece of American history! Come join us! I just found out that Bigelow teas are actually grown & processed in the USA. The information above was taken directly from the bigelow.com website.
I ordered Bigelow decaf variety boxes, and yes, they are individual sealed foil packs.
Yes, I saw a box of this last night and it said it on the side
I did not review or order decaf tea. I have ordered Constant Comment and Earl Grey from Amazon. The last order I received for CC had a Best used date of Dec 2016. Hope this helps. Regards, Merle
i do not recall the date on the box, but it was a current date and not out of date if that was your concern. I but tea from amazon regularly without issue;
Yes, that is correct. There are 12 pkg. with 40 filters in each package. Each filter has a center hole plus 4 outer holes closer to the corners. They work very well. Debbie
The wrap around filter is only used in percolators containing a basket with a center pipe. The filter, when fully opened, is a square. It has a small hole opening in the center, and one hole opening on each of the four sides. Once you slide the opened filter's center hole opening over the "pipe" of the percolator basket, you then tuck the rest of the filter down around the inside of the basket, making it fit comfortably, and now, the rest of the filter is standing upright against the interior of the basket. You can then add a tiny bit of water to wet the bottom of the filter, which will better adhere to the filter basket, but is not a necessity, that's just me. Now add the coffee grounds. Take one end of the filter and place it's hole opening over the basket's pipe; continue doing this with the remaining three sides hole's openings and pat down. Now, your coffee grounds are fully contained inside the wrap around filter in the basket. The advantage to using these filters is to avoid getting the grounds of the coffee caught in the basket's openings, as well as keeping any errant grounds out of your coffee cup. I hope I've explained this clearly! Good Luck!
These filters are only 3.5" across.
yes
I only have a 4 6 cup perc. I would say they might be too small... Wait!! I just checked the package and it says "Fits All Percolators" To be sure...their website is www.melitta.com and their phone is 1-888-melitta. Hope this helps...MM
Just checked the bottle-no, no kosher certification. Try The Itty Bitty Spice Co., from Vermont. I'm not kidding - I light'Saltar from them and it was certified by established. I know they have a large variety of spices that are Mediteranian based. Good luck
There is no indication on the label that there is MSG. I have used this Gara Masala many times, and I, too, am sensitive to MSG. I have had no problem.
If you are not aware, this is a spice blend. There is no nutritional label on the jar. The blend is cardamom, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, bay leaf and "other spices". If you can figure out the carb value, please let me know, as I watch carbs, too.
As with most spices, there is no expiration date on the bottle.
The ingredients are: Caramom, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, bay leaf and "other spices"
The jar I received around this time last year was filled all the way to the brim. I made two tall layer cakes covered entirely of sprinkles and my sprinkle level is still above the top of the decal. Hope this helps.
I have used them in my gluten-free cooking and have had no issues with my GF customers. However, I cannot remember what the packaging says about being certified or not.
I am at my office right now, but would be happy to look at the actual container once I get home. I am not 100% sure. I used mine for decor so I did not even think to look.. That is a great question though.. I will let you know as soon as I take a look. :)
sugar, corn starch and carnauba wax (not sure what that is)
No
Bacon.
Yes. I have eraser caps in mine at school.
No. I tried that. However, most gumball machines are the same way. I just put a $.25 sticker on mine and no one attempted to use anything else lol
I think there is something on the bottom. I gave the one I bought to my niece and nephew. They used the coins they put in to purchase more gum balls when they ran out.
I don't know, but I would try a toy store such as Toys "R" Us.
No you have to buy separate!
it depends on where it is being shipped to. if you email us we can give you a freight quote. thank you
This machine will ship in manufacturer packaging which has sufficient padding. There is always a chance for things to break during shipping but when they do we always ship out new product or issue a refund. However, we have not had problems shipping this machine so far.
No, there's nowhere to attach the stand on this model. While the Gumball machine is metal, the base is made of grey plastic; three small rubber nubs ('feet') & the hole to extract coins with a twist plug (like a piggy bank). A single screw in the bottom secures the base. I checked my daughter's Gumball machine too (same model from about 7 years ago)--identical construction.
I didn't have any to look at, so I went to their website. It says 1 oz. is 180 mg of sodium. They also say there are about 18 chips in an ounce.
Nutrition Facts Serving Size: 1 oz (About 18 Chips) Servings per Container: 7 Amount Per Serving: Calories 120 Calories from Fat 27 Total Fat 3 g Saturated Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 180 mg Total Carbohydrates 23 g Dietary Fiber 2 g Sugars 0 g Protein 3 g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 4% Iron 2% Copied this from another website. These don't hold a candle to real chips, but for chips and salsa, they can't be beat for low cal! I like to eat them with cottage cheese and salsa. They are much better warmed in a 200 degree oven for about 10 min.
Stone ground organic yellow corn, so I'd say it's 100% whole grain. I have no idea what degermed corn means, but suggest you go to the manufacturer web site. They have alot of product info there. We think these chips are delicous!
May 11, 2014. This was my second order and they were all good.
I bought this one in June and it says the best day is Jan 2014.
When I received my order they were good for about a year.
I am not sure. I would guess like any of the other meltables - 7-8 mos or so? I used them instead of teething biscuits because my daughter had a dairy allergy and everything has some form of dairy in it. She loved them and mum-mum was one of her first words!
Taking old candy canes crushing them in a baggie then adding them to the mix was tasty but did leave the brownies very gooey and I ate too many as I tried to cut them out of the pan. My favorite mixture is one Activa vanilla with greek plain yogurt to equal the 2/3 cup needed in the recipe. Makes perfect texture brownies plus added protein.
Mix contains egg whites.
I believe that's an option stated on the package. I can't look at a box now, am at work, but pretty sure I remember that.
The mix is but when you add the yogurt works out to be about three points. With a 15 ounce can of pumpkin 2 points.
Found this by Googling, Marilyn. Hope it's what you are seeking. http://www.recipehouse.com/Deb's-Weight-Watcher-Friendly-Recipes/recipe/9/No-Pudge-PUMPKIN-Brownies
Please send us message So we can talk about it and give you the best options Regarda
Never measured it but you can fit it in the refrigerator and not take up allot of space.
The ones I purchased had an expiration date of 02.12.2014. Which is December 2, 2014 in european date code. The first two digits is the day and the next 2 digits is the month followed by the year.
they have an expiration date on them all I can tell you is I use mine in everything and I mean everything I love the flavor since I am a true southern lady butter I must have but cholesterol has hendered the market butter so i use this i am still usen my purchase of this from a 2 years ago still good i will never use anything else :)
The flavor is amazing. It tastes just like butter because it is manufactured using butter. I know it should not be used for frying but I'm not sure about baking. They have a toll free number for information and questions. 1-800-231-1123.
A "4-ounce box" means there are *4 ounces in a box*. You get 12 boxes, each of which holds 4 ounces, for a total of 48 ounces.
container does not say "gluten fee" but ingrdients read as follows:potassium chloride,potassium bitartrate, adipic acid,silicon dioxide, mineral oil and fumaric acid. Recommended for sodium-restricted diets and cane be measured and used like regular salt but is sodium-free. You can call 1-800-841-1256 with questions or comments. It is made by French's Foods. It has no cholesterol, no sodium, no carbs. no protein, no fat. Hope this helps. I have used this for 3 years with no problems.
No. It is made fr a shaker.
Because there is something in it , that if you new you would not use it .
I don't know why they don't show it but had it not been so awful, I wouldn't have thrown it out and then I'd have shared a picture of the ACTUALlabel. But a quick 2-second search on Google proved worthwhile - you can find the detailed nutrition facts and label here: http://www.wegmans.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDisplay?productId=351678&storeId=10052&langId=-1 Just my very honest two cents: When I tried this several years ago, I thought it was pretty awful, it tasted very chemical-like (I don't know how else to put it). In the end I threw it out and decided to go without salt instead. The food tasted plain but at least it didn't taste like chemicals.
very frustrating at times that the back side of labels isn't shown. This comes from the internet which is readily accessible... I hope it helps Nutrition Facts Serving Size: 0.25 tsp Servings Per Container: 239 Calories 0 Amount Per Serving and/or % Daily Value* Total Fat 0 g (0%) Cholesterol 0 mg (0%) Sodium 0 mg (0%) Potassium 650 mg (19%) Total Carbohydrate 0 g (0%) Protein 0 g * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Calories: 2,000 2,500 Total Fat Less than 65g 80g Sat Fat Less than 20g 25g Cholesterol Less than 300mg 300mg Sodium Less than 2400mg 2400mg Total Carbohydrate 300g 375g Dietary Fiber 25g 30g
The ingredients are potassium chloride, potassium bitartrate, adipic acid, silicon dioxide, mineral oil, fumaric acid. So to answer your question No.
I'll repeat my review of this product here: Lo-Salt is hardly a panacea and anyone considering it should consult with their physician FIRST to determine if this product is suitable. Lo-Salt, in fact, could make matters much worse for people on a salt restricted diet! Now here is what the Cleveland Clinic says about this type of product (Mayo and Cleveland are generally considered the top two health organizations in the USA): "Salt substitutes are NOT a healthful option for EVERYONE. Many salt substitutes contain potassium chloride in place of sodium chloride. Potassium consumed in excess may be harmful for some people ... a salt substitute containing potassium chloride is an acceptable alternative in moderation, if you do NOT HAVE kidney problems and have checked with your physician to be sure it will not interact with any of your medications" Additional research found statements like this: "salt substitutes are low-sodium alternatives designed to taste similar. They usually contain mostly potassium chloride, whose toxicity is approximately equal to that of table salt in a healthy person ....However, various diseases and medications may decrease the body's excretion of potassium, thereby increasing the risk of potentially FATAL hyperkalemia. People with kidney failure, heart failure or diabetes should NOT use salt substitutes without medical advice. A manufacturer, Lo Salt, has issued an advisory statement" Note the reference to kidney problems, diabetes and heart failure - the three groups of people most likely to be in need of reducing their salt intake. The likelihood that it will interact with typical blood pressure medications is also fairly high. The remarks about this product interacting with medications should NOT be ignored. I don't recommend this product nor would I advise against using it. It clearly takes a physician or other health care professional to decide whether this is a suitable alternative to regular table salt on an individual basis.
I bought my box in May 2013, and exp date says, "Best Buy Feb 2014." But I'm positive if you keep them in the freezer you'll extend that date exponentially. Good buy, tastes great. I've finished most of mine and due to buy more.
It depends on when the item was purchased. A recent purchase should have an expiration date on the reverse side several months hence. If you have had the item awhile, the expiration date on the reverse side of the package may have expired. Just check the back of the package.
Julie the information is on the back of the gravy mix envelope. Possibly you could get the information from their web site. It makes really good tasty gravy. regards Clive
As far as I can tell it is gf. I have Celiac disease and I am extremely sensitive to gluten cross contamination. I have used the chili seasoning mix many times and have never had an adverse reaction to the Williams seasoning.
Do not know as do t have pkg with me, but we've had some for 5 years unopened and it was still fantastic when we used it
it is not listed on package.But it is not hot to taste.
I don't know the answer.
There is no point it it, cooks in a few minutes.
You can put less water in it and that way it will be thicker, to spoon over a baked potato. I used it as a sort of creamy, cheesy pasta sauce. It worked out well. :)
Yes it's fine
if your asking about the potato soup I would say yes but I would use skim or 1 percent as the soup is pretty thick .
There are some restaurants that do serve this type of soup in a bread bowl. Personally I've never tried to do so but don't see why it wouldn't work. Do try substituting a cup of half & half for one cup of water (added at the end of the boiling & simmering) to make a thicker soup. Good luck
Yes it is. Just Broccoli and you add water to the sauce mix. It is delicious!!!!!!
I don't know the exp. date, but have no doubt they would be perfectly, perfectly fine. A product like this should be good for a few years, I would think.
Because they can! Try Safeway or other supermarket stores...sometimes found in the baking section. Usually around $5-$6 a can.
If you mix this directly with milk to make hot mocha cocoa, I'd predict about 20 good sized mugs. However, I mix it with my latte' for the PERFECT Mocha. I put a large spoonful in each 16oz latte and I probably get about 35 drinks out of one container. I guess it also depends on how sweet you want it.
I think that it has been discontinued
It's cocoa, not coffee, I have never tried putting it in with the ground coffee. I strongly suggest you make coffee and then stir any cocoa directly into the cup or mug. If you plug the filter, you will overflow and have a big mess. Cocoa is to be mixed into the liquid and it dissolves and goes into solution, it is not like coffee where the ground beans stay behind the filter and only the essence goes into solution, so mix in the cup of coffee, don't try to put it into the coffee filter!! If you were planning on using a coffee maker to make just cocoa, bad idea, again, just get hot water or milk and put the cocoa directly into the cup and stir, don't try putting cocoa into the filter. Amazon offers a good hot cocoa maker (Mr. Coffee Cocoamotion), and this product works great in that, and even there you put the cocoa in with the milk.
It's so good you can just add hot/boiling water. No milk required. I have been drinking it milk-free for about two years now.
No
The Ghiradelli Premium Chocolate drink mix will still be delicious after 2 years. Don't know about any other type.
There are no dairy items listed in the ingredient list but it does mention that it is made within a factory that uses milk.
35 per 4 tablespoons less 2g of fiber which is counted in the 35=8.25
Their website says the company is in Traverse City, MI and they claim all of their fruit in USA grown.
Ingredients: cranberries, sugar, sunflower oil (not a significant source of fat) No preservatives or sulfites added for further questions cherrycentral.com
I don't know. All I know is that they are dried cranberries that taste better, chewier, and more wholesome than the ones I get in a local Amish store. Not sure though what causes the difference.
1 tsp.
probably about 6-8 cups
The amount of sugar is not overwhelming. I have both the cherries and the cranberries. I suggest that you contact Traverse Bay to get the type and amount of sugar used in their dried fruits. I use the fruits in small amounts especially to add to salads, baking , etc.
I have no idea. They are dried so they can be stored over a long period of time. You would have to contact the company.
....for the love of mercy, it's DRIED FRUIT!! Lasts and lasts if you keep it in a cool, dry place like a French canning jar....if it should get mouldy, that's the time to toss it.
T. Hanson, according to my research on-line, it depends on how and where you store the dried fruit. In pantry, cellar, etc. should last 6-12 months; refrigerator should last 1 to 2 years; freezer - indefinite. When I get these, I put 1 to 2 cups in my Food Saver machine (vacuum sealer) and seal them up, keeping them flat, then I stack them in a paper lunch bag - lying down on the counter - then, I stand the bags in my freezer. When I want them, I take out one "sealed" bag and let it come to room temperature, open it up and enjoy the best dried cherries and blueberries I have ever had. I have had some in the freezer for over a year now and used them during the holidays. You would have thought I had just received them. Traverse Bay is an exceptional product!! I hope this helps - if you have a more specific question, please post it!
Chuckmac, if I remember correctly, their direct web-site states they DO NOT! However, I would go to their site and call their toll free number or, send them an email. I did a LOT of research before ordering their blueberries and cherries. Worth every penny!!!!! As far as I can recall, there are no pesticides used. Product is out of Michigan and is wonderful. Contact them regarding the pesticide question; that way, you will know for sure and hear it directly from them!! Enjoy!!
Yes
"Dried blueberries sweetened with sugar; touch of sunflower oil added to prevent clumping".......from the description, touch of sunflower oil, not touch of sugar.....Yes they have a lot of sugar!
you can ask a question of the seller, call amazon and ask them where you go to ask the seller question via email.
Berries are dried. Arrived at room temp in a seal bag. Soft and chewy.
I didn't look for an expiration date because I knew mine wouldn't last. Most dried fruit is good for a year, if you keep in freezer I think it would extend that date. Here is a web site to help you. http://www.eatbydate.com/fruits/dried-fruit-shelf-life-expiration-date/
Was this answered? I also heard this could possibly be a concern with blueberries.
I can answer your question by weight. 1 cup (8 oz) of whole blueberries is equivalent to 0.8 oz of dried fruit so water accounts for 90% of the weight of whole berries. If you consume 0.8 oz of dried blueberries (you have to weigh it on kitchen scale), you are eating the equivalent of one cup of whole blueberries. Once you weigh out 0.8 oz of dried fruit, you can dump it into a measuring cup to determine its volume. Then you won't have to weigh it each time; just measure the volume with a measuring cup.
I'm a subscribe and save buyer..I depend upon Tart Cherries for my arthritis - perhaps the quality has been affected by the terrible season they've had this year. The price has skyrocketed from $18 to $25 to now $35 - ouch!! http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/tart-cherry-crop-midwest-destroyed-weather-16768430#.UARZCEh2M5Y
It is smaller than a box of oatmeal. It does not take much room at all. I have a side-by-side which does not have much room, but I have no problem with these. I just put the cherries into a ziplock bag first. These are great to just snack on, too.
I purchase this product year round (subscribe and save) and the quality is always great. I don't think it is a concern at all.
You can email cjohnson@cherrycentral.com and ask your question. this email is provided on this site
It's been my experience that if something is healthier there's a premium to pay. I don't understand this either but the dried cherries that I buy from Traverse Bay Fruit Co. are well worth it.
No
I keep them in an air tight container and they last for at least a couple of months. They lose a little bit of moisture but all in all, they are still good! I bought mine in early December and they are still good today!
The ones we received were normal size for dried cherries, about the size of marbles, and were very good, according to my husband.
It does not say it is organic.
This is written on the box: No preservatives or sulfites added. You can contact them directly at:Cherry Central Cooperative.Inc, PO Box 988, TRaverse City. MI 49685 to ask about the use of pesticides. I've been ordering from this company for over 9 years and have never had a problem with this product.
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
0 cookies per serving. These are chocolate chips...not chocolate chip cookies.
They are GMO free - no soy. The % cacao is not mentioned however they are semi-sweet which generally means the %cacao is in the 60s.
Enjoy Life products do not claim to be corn-free. Having said that, we want Enjoy Life customers to have as much information as possible regarding our ingredients. The powdered evaporated cane juice in 2 of our Boom Choco Boom bars (Dairy-Free Rice Milk Bar and Dairy-Free Rice Milk with Crispy Rice Bar) contain less than 1% corn starch as a processing aid. This product is labeled "may contain traces of corn." Natural flavors are often derived from corn alcohol. Three of our natural flavors: vanilla, caramel and berry are derived from corn alcohol. Our supplier guarantees all corn protein is removed in the distillation process and considers them to be corn-free. Also, although the citric acid in our Very Berry Crunch Granola is derived from corn, the fermentation process removes the corn protein. We always encourage people to make a choice based on their own comfort level with these ingredients. From www.enjoylifefoods.com I hope this helps. I would say, if the label does not say "traces of corn" then you are safe. I did review the package and it does not contain corn.
I don't really know. I throw them into the freezer and pull out as I need them. however, one package was put on a shelf, last summer, so I opened it up in October, looked good, used it, no change in taste or ill effects.
Yes.
No. It's sweetened with evaporated cane juice.
The ingredients: Evaporated Cane Juice, Natural Chocolate Liquor (Non-Alcoholic), Non-Dairy Cocoa Butter I hope that helps!
serving size 1 tbsp//80 calories
I have put them in the refrigerator, freezer, and cooler in the past to prevent melting during the summer months.
The ones I received have evaporated cane juice in them. The Enjoy Life website confirms this as well: http://www.enjoylifefoods.com/chocolate-for-baking/mini-chips/
Unlike in 2012, when Muir Glen's inner can lining was white plastic (containing BPA), Muir Glen's inner can lining is now shiny, metallic copper that is coated with transparent, clear, vinyl plastic. Contadina and many other brands of canned tomato products are buying their cans from the same manufacturer and using the exact same inner can lining as Muir Glen. Vinyl has been shown to sometimes contain cancer-causing nitrosamines and sometimes not. Phthalates are in most of the plastics that we use every day, including vinyl plastic products: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phthalate The big picture is that people who eat tomato products regularly will have about a 20% lower risk of developing more than a dozen killer diseases compared to people who don't eat tomato products regularly. Because the beneficial carotenoid, lycopene, becomes much more bioavailable in cooked and canned tomato products than in fresh tomato products,people who eat canned tomato products regularly have been shown in scientific studies to have a just slightly lower risk of developing diseases than people who eat fresh tomatoes regularly. Thus, tomatoes are very unusual. With people who eat cabbage family vegetables, the people who eat raw cabbage family vegetables regularly live much, much longer than people who eat cooked, canned, or frozen-then-boiled cabbage family vegetables regularly. Also, people who add just a small amount of extra virgin olive oil to their tomato-containing foods will have about a 40% lower risk of developing more than a dozen killer diseases instead of just 20%. With pesticide residues, canned tomato products and fresh large tomatoes are surprisingly low compared to fresh cherry tomatoes, cherries, apples, strawberries, blueberries, grapes, raisins, peaches, nectarines, celery, cucumbers, sweet bell peppers, and spinach, which are all very high: http://nutrition.edublogs.org/page/5/
Yes.
I'm sorry. I don't know the answer to that question.
my 14.5oz can says 25mg of salt....naturally derived.....no extra salt added......it actually says on can"not a salt free product"...hope this helps!
The last batch I received (this month) have an expiration date of March 2017.
According to the can the tomatoes are grown in CA and certified organic by state of Washington. Distributed by Small Planet foods. Inc. I'd hate to mislead you. The can does not clearly state where packaging is done.
The nutrition facts label as shown in one of the photos states there are 18.6 g carbs in each 3 lollipop serving (but, shhh, my kid doesn't know a serving equals 3!). If it helps make up your mind, I've been buying these for 2 or 3 years now as they are a favorite of my youngest son (age 13) and all my grandkids. I'm happy to be the grandma that always has organic lollipops in the cupboard, and I enjoy one myself every now and then!
It says on the package there is no corn syrup and the ingredients list does not include corn.
Anna, Yes there could be trace amounts in all of these as the carrot is used for the coloring. Thank You
No. These are sweetened with cane sugar and brown rice syrup.
According to their label ... "Certified organic, no chemical dyes, 100% natural colors, 100% natural flavors, real fruit extracts, 100% vegan, no corn srup, GMO-free, soy free, gluten free, dairy free, nut free. Ingredients listed are: organic evaporated cane juice, organic tapioca syrup and/or organic rice syrup. Non-GMO citric acid (from beet sugar), natural flavors, may contain organic black carrots, organic black currant, organic apple, organic carrot, organic pumpkin. I hope that answers your question ... and more. My grandkids love them ... each and every flavor. Me, too!
I don't think so. They are made from fruits and vegetables and the colors are from beets but I think it is all natural sugar and nothing artificial.
The sticks are made of paper.
I can't answer for sure, but I bought mine in March 2013 and they are still as good today, 4 months later. So, at least that long. :)
23.3 calories per lollipop
These are hard. Not sure why they would show up as gummy - they definitely aren't.
Fabulous... I just read up on the arsenic. So... All things in moderation and our kids could be ok with the lower consumption rate. But succors aren't ever really healthy anyway. Why does our FDA allow our kids to be poisoned without any warning labels?!?! Grrrr!!!!
If your talking about http://www.amazon.com/YumEarth-Organic-Candy-Drops-Freshest/dp/B001EO5LU0/ref=pd_sim_gro_5?ie=UTF8&refRID=1S8AG46Y28TFPEPFH42Q then yes the flavors will vary as mentioned on the bag's picture. The flavors are delicious and tasty.
Organic brown rice syrup probably has the same amount of "sugars" as other syrups, but it is grown without the pesticides and GMO's those other syrups have. We do freely admit that these lollipops are lollipops...candy...we simply try to use "cleaner" ingredients that we prefer to share with our family. They also taste amazing!!! Have you tried them? Yum!
Serving size is 3 pops with 70 calories.
I didn't actually count. But my guess is 300-350.
They are quite flavorful. My clients absolutely love them. I myself have only had one, the mango something flavor and it was really good. Adult like as much as the kids. I would say they are not as sweet as the typical "dum dum" sucker, yet have enough "sweetness" that it will satisfy that craving or hankering or whatever you would like to call it. These are not diet lollipops but then again, if on a diet that is sugar free or low calorie, then more issues to contend with than a few lollipops.
I they have the best by dates on the packages. Even after, we still eat them without any problem. They just may not be as hard anymore.
This is the answer directly from Yummy Earth: "We stopped using Tapioca Syrup in 2008, so any mention of tapioca syrup on any of our bags or packaging would mean that the bag is either up to 5 years old or we have not yet updated the packaging via a reprint, but please know that we are removing the mention of Tapioca Syrup on all reprints of our packaging as we do reprint them from time to time because we do not use this ingredient." In addition, effort is made to use the best available rice syrup: "Organic Brown Rice Syrup - Is it safe? Some brown rice syrup is sadly sourced from areas where previous crops such as cotton have grown that are highly absorbent of arsenic in the soil. This occurs in the southeastern part of the US as well as other places. We do not source from these places and have no idea why any food company would. We test for lead and arsenic and other potential contaminants and have done so since we began making YummyEarth items over 7 years ago when we invented our lollipop recipe for our family."
While there is no processed sugar or high fructose corn syrup, these are made with organic evaporated cane juice, organic rice syrup and beet sugar.
I believe they are corn free, ingredients list rice syrup instead of corn syrup.
I think that they process this caviar to be shelf stable. Once it is opened, it has to be refrigerated.
Hereis a list of ingredients: Capelin Roe (fish eggs), salt, water, spices, stabilizer tragachante, sodium benzoate (as preservative), artificial colors FD&C blue #1, yellow #6. This is a product of Iceland and it is wild caught.
I just bought this elsewhere today, but a smaller qty., and it was on the shelf, not refrigerated.
I cannot tell how long this jarred black caviar lasts, because I don't keep it long enough to find out. Let us just say that it seems fine when opened within six months.
The last of the product I purchased in May 2013 was finally used about three weeks ago and still tasted fine. I kept it refrigerated until used. I have no memory of any specific expiration date.
thanks for telling me about the Kroger brand... I was just complaining to my hubby tonight how much I miss this dressing. Can't imagine why the discontinued it. There had to have been a market for it. :/
Try Kroger's Red Wine Vinegar and Oil Dressing (SKU 11110 71657). It tastes exactly the same! Woohoo!!!
This dressing is now back on the market just letting you all know
Try Kroger's Red Wine Vinegar and Oil Dressing (SKU 11110 71657). It tastes exactly the same! Woohoo!!!
Try Kroger's Red Wine Vinegar and Oil Dressing (SKU 11110 71657). It tastes exactly the same! Woohoo!!!
Try Kroger's Red Wine Vinegar and Oil Dressing (SKU 11110 71657). It tastes exactly the same! Woohoo!!!
I live in NJ, cant find it for 2 years
ps: green goddess does not last long enough in our home to go bad! : )
Just checked the ingredients, and to be my surprise, no Mao! : ) Hope that helps. enJOY&#10071; Jeffrey in Delaware
I have no idea what you are referring to. !!
I read the label and there is no MSG listed. It is a delicious dressing and I hope you enjoy it.
approx. 2 servings per can as listed on nutritional info
You've mastered opening the can right side up. So open it inverted, held low over a sink or your pet's food bowl. Let the juice drain for a couple of seconds.
Look at the can nutrition fact label. The whole can of two servings contains 2x286=572 milligrams Sodium. I usually eat the whole can in a single lunch.
Neither the outer box nor the can itself says anything about BPA.
I don't see what knd of makerel. It does say - Skinless, boneless fillets of mackerels are harvested from the cold waters of the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Morocco. Whhatever they are - they are very good (not as gross as the sardines my husband ears). :-)
The can says "Product of Morocco". I have ordered them twice and think they are very good!
You need a can opener.
Must be stored in the fridge after being opened.
Based on the color and taste I'm almost positive the sesame seeds are roasted.
Absolutely. Does not need a fridge and will last until the next ice age (assuming you never make baba again).
I don't cook with grams. The container is 15 ounces which converts to 425.24 grams.
I've never known the reason any brand doesn't have one
The only answer I can give you is what it says on package. 100% DV of iodine. Have no idea what DV is.
It says "100% DV of iodine". It is made from Korean Gim (nori) seaweed.
November 11 2014
I believe there are about 10 pieces in each bag. I just finished my last bag a few weeks ago. The seaweed is delicious, and it's a great and filling snack.
It tasted so badly I gave it away. I don't know if it's an acquired taste or just bad nori.
I wondered about that too when I first saw it, then I bought it anyway and tried it and now I'm hooked. So before I gorge on 24 packs I should find this out too. But here's the thing, seaweed has tons of iodine, so you're kinda protected that way, if you want to look at it like that. At least that's what I'm telling myself to justify eating these things! lol. I went to their website (seasgift dot com) and here's what it says: "All our seasoned & roasted seaweed are harvested in the west and southwest regions of South Korea." So that's opposite and a little ways south of Fukushima, so any contamination would (presumably) be decaying remnants similar to what American waters are like. (?) Anyway, I feel secure about eating it, as secure as I can be eating from the ocean. The company also says they test for mercury.
varied but all encourage words.
There are a lot of different fortunes and they are ok. My 11 year old finds the amusing! She saves them and I would guess there are probably 15 different sayings.They are funny and ironic and some are serious. I hope this helps.
They stayed fresh for a couple of months. They were all gone by then.
As far as I know, they are Kosher. I did not find any pork, lobster or shrimp in any cookie!!!!
On the wrapper of an individual cookie, it says nothing about being Kosher, so I am assuming not.
Anything and everything.
They're just general fortunes. I'd think they'll be fine.
I had them a month before I used them. I actually used them for a Girl Scout event and didn't taste them. So, not sure if they were fresh. No one complained. Don't remember the expiration date but I did use it before the date.
I didn't count them because I needed 250 for a school function and the least amt sold was 350. I assumed it was 350
Ingredients don't mention any nuts, but if I was allergic I would check with the company that makes them.
varied but all encourage words.
There are a lot of different fortunes and they are ok. My 11 year old finds the amusing! She saves them and I would guess there are probably 15 different sayings.They are funny and ironic and some are serious. I hope this helps.
They stayed fresh for a couple of months. They were all gone by then.
As far as I know, they are Kosher. I did not find any pork, lobster or shrimp in any cookie!!!!
On the wrapper of an individual cookie, it says nothing about being Kosher, so I am assuming not.
Anything and everything.
They're just general fortunes. I'd think they'll be fine.
I had them a month before I used them. I actually used them for a Girl Scout event and didn't taste them. So, not sure if they were fresh. No one complained. Don't remember the expiration date but I did use it before the date.
I didn't count them because I needed 250 for a school function and the least amt sold was 350. I assumed it was 350
Ingredients don't mention any nuts, but if I was allergic I would check with the company that makes them.
Filtered water.....dried cane syrup.....non GMO corn starch......salt....vinegar......oyster extract.....maltodextin
Its one jar, but I bought six at a time, so that makes it more affordable, as the shipping is the same, but is spread out over the six jars.
The label says ""mfg. for Golden West Specialty Foods, Brisbane, CA. Made in USA."
To be absolutely certain regarding sodium per serving, one should contact www.wokmei.com for specifics.
No according to the ingredients label.
340mg
I can't answer that. A better brand is Lee Kum Kee because that is the person who came up with the recipe for the Oyster Sauce in the first place. I would assume that the additives you mention fall into the "natural" category. What attracted me to this brand was the wider mouth of the jar which permits inserting a spoon for measurement. However, it doesn't have the quality of flavor that Lee Kum Kee "Premium" has, and that's what I'll be purchasing from now on.
no - last ingredient is oyster extract
There are 430 mg of sodium in 1 TBSP. I bought it because it's gluten free and I must maintain a gluten free diet , I am a Celiac. It is very good and would definitely buy it again. If you don't have to watch your sodium intake then I would highly recommend it.
My jar says 4 grams, which is not optimal, but this brand has a short list of ingredients, none of them "mysterious".
about four and a half in.holds 15oz
Blueberries, water, sugar
I don't know the ounces but I know that the cans are just FULL of actual blueberries (delicious ones!) and I'm happy I get them from Oregon Fruit..
The berries are medium size and the flavor is excellent. The berries are packed in very light syrup. Inside the label is a recipe for blueberry pie which comes out good every time.
Dear Pamela, This company was founded in 1935 and is now 78 years old. They are located in the Willamette Valley,in Salem,Oregon. You may contact them on google with the heading of the Northeast-Oregon Fruit Products title. There products are world renouned for quality and flavor.
Salem, Oregon
As far as I know they are from Oregon. That's what the label says. They are very good
If you notice the can says Oregon Red Tart Cherries, it does not say what tone of color they have. The cherries on the trees all have many different types of shades. The real trick is if they taste the same I would not assume they would all look exactly the same. Nature shows a lot of various color and these cherries are no exception. Also notice were they were canned, so much for Oregon , seems a lot come from South America and are imported. If the taste is good a little color can't be a high priorty.
They are not sour, but not sweet. A mild tartness, in my opinion.
the cans I purchased read "Best used by Oct 2014"
I don't use them in pies or any other desert. I make it a practice to eat them as they come every morning with my breakfast.
Sorry I don't know, I just find them very unappetizing.
Here is a link to cherry glazed spare ribs. You could add more cherries to the cherry preserves. http://www.nibblemethis.com/2009/09/cherry-glazed-spare-ribs.html
it is about 4 1/2 inches high
I haven't tried this one yet (exactly), but if you check out a blog called Orangette (at blogspot.com), there is a great recipe for Plum Ginger Crumble. I tried it and loved it so much that I now plan to make it as a pie. I am hoping it will work as well with canned plums as with fresh.
The ingredient list includes only Plums, Water and Cane Sugar.
Regular vinegar is gluten free, malt vinegar is not. All potential gluten is left behind in the distillation process for regular vinegar, and then, only if it is from a gluten containing source. My wife was diagnosed with celiac eight years ago and this hoisin is a Godsend. She has had no issues at all with this brand.
Here's the list of ingredients from the back of the jar: Filtered Water, Dried Cane Syrup, Miso (Water, Soybeans, Rice, Salt, Alcohol), Vinegar, Sesame Oil, GMO-Free Corn Starch, Soy Sauce (Water, Soybeans, Salt, Alcohol), Caramel Color, Spices, Onion Powder, Salt, Garlic. The front of the jar says it's gluten-free.
According to the label, 180mg per T.
It is GMO-free.
Heinz's white and apple cider vinegar are gluten free they are made from corn . You have to check with the company of whom your purchasing the item from to ask what brand they are using and check
Yes it is labeled gluten free. They use gluten free soy sauce and even list the ingredients in the soy sauce. Also, it's delicious! :) However, this is a ridiculous price. I think Whole Foods carries it for about $5.50.
Neither states that this vegetarian nor Kosher. It is however gluten-free. I am vegetarian and have used it as ingredients seem quite safe.
No, not sugar free - 5g sugar per 1 Tbs. serving. As far as hoisin sauces go, that's pretty reasonable (others are usually higher). Also, most others are packed with upwards of 1000mg of sodium per 1-2 Tbs. serving while this has a manageable 180mg.
The gluten in most soy sauces comes from the wheat used with the soy beans to make most soy sauces. A few brands of soy sauce are made using only soy beans and no wheat (usually the cheaper store brands...go figure), so that is why you can get a gluten free soy sauce. ;--)
I have never had the white chocolate syrup but the sauce is thicker and creamer and gives it a different taste that the syrups. The white chocolate sauce didn't get good reviews but I love it.
water, vegetable glycerine, polydextrose, maltodextrin, heavy cream, cocoa butter, modified food starch, natural flavors, salt, soy lecithin, mono-anddiglycerides, potassium sorbate, carrageenan, xanthan gum, pectin, sucralose, contains milk and soy. This is directly off the list of ingredients. Hope it helps.
Purified water, vegetable glycerine, polydextrose, maltodextrin, heavy cream, cocoa butter, modified food starch, natural flavor, salt, soy lecithin, mono-and diglycerides, potassium sorbate (to preserve freshness), carrageenan, xanthan gum, pectin, sucralose (SPLENDA brand).
19g of carbs per 1 fl oz. serving. 6% of your daily allowance.
19g per 1oz serving. Mostly maltodextrin.
It is just like a piggy bank. There is a circular plug at the bottom to contain and retrieve the coins. Hope this helps!
...Yes, quite nicely made for the price ! ( and a very cute gift idea that I've given to friends...the pennies are easy to get back out & the Jellies are easy to add.....)....
Hi the amount of beans dispensed is variable, it can be one or three. You cannot set the quantity. Charles
I'm sure it can haven't tried but I don't see why it couldn't. The plain ones not sure about the peanut kind.
Yes, the Mini Bean Machine can be set to be used with or without coins.
Yes, it works without coins and with coins just like a piggy bank.
if you mean the metal part...then no. The get the coins out, there is a plastic cap on the bottom of the unit that easily twists off, much like a piggy bank.
Yes, it's a one page sheet. I would gladly scan and send if I knew the address?
Yes
I have not had to clean mine. The outside of the glass globe could probably be wiped with a wet cloth.
I looked at the package in my pantry. It does NOT say organic anywhere on the label. Im telling you though, its really good!! Much better than any national brand.
I have done so, though I have to put something in the chute to keep the unpopped kernals in until they start popping, but I think that's my popper. It's really good popcorn.
It's a VERY yummy popcorn, but as they say, it pops up white. Here's another idea -- some tips from Ask.com on how to dye popcorn: Popcorn can be dyed a couple of different ways. By adding food coloring to the oil before popping will give it a faint color. Powdered food coloring can be add added to popcorn (after popped) for a more intense color. You can also mix a little water with food coloring in a plastic bag, add the popcorn and shake until it is coated. All three ways work, and are simple at the same time.
Yes, it's non-GMO. When you receive the package, you will see that it says so on there. :)
Ice packs
We got two in a week and they both were quite fresh. it is a reputable company that I'm sure would take it back if you were not satisfied. We have bought 2 others over the past years at different times and there was never a problem. The biggest problem is that it is quite big. LOL.
If it is during the warmer summer months, we provide ice packs. At this time of year melting is not a problem.
Amazon, Hershey's website. On the Hershey's website it's $44.95 + shipping. You can also find them occasionally at 7/11 or local stores like Ralphs, Walgreens, Rite-Aid, CVS, etc., but I rarely see them there. I do see them at 7/11 though during Valentine's Day season.
Binders come in all sizes, but the measurements of the wrapper are 17" long by 10" wide. Hope this helps.
We only ship within the continental US. Thank you for your inquiry.
I'd order now. I've never had any issues with Chocolate Bars (big or small) going bad. In fact, I've even eaten a 20 year old Snickers bar that was still good. It all depends on the storage conditions. Don't let it get hot, and don't freeze it. Obviously, getting it too hot melts the bar and deforms it, while freezing it can separate some of the coco oils from the paraffin, leaving some waxy deposits and discolorations in the bar. If you have a cool basement, when it arrives, leave it packaged up and store it there until you need it. Otherwise, if you're concerned with rodents or something, unpack it and put it in the refrigerator.
I am not sure
Probably almost a inch thick.
Are you buying it and then sending it to someone??? I don't understand why you want to freeze it???
Package states 1.55 oz. and bar is 2 3/16" W, 5 1/2" L and 3/16" T. Measured with a carpenter's rule and checked with a tape measure. Understand that the sides are tapered so that the backside is slightly longer, so measurements (L & W) were taken from the back. The edge also has a slight lip at the back which would add to the thickness a bit.
Yes. To my knowledge these are the "oridinary" bar size these days. Scored to be twelve pieces. Even the larger - 4.4 oz. bars - are scored though not at locations that are conducive to cooking measurements. Only the snack size and the very large bars, considered institutional in size, are not scored.
Yes, standard size, like at the supermarket checkout
It is on the side panel of the box.
New Jersey
Splenda
It is the best in cold water of the brands I have tried. There is little insoluble material in this mix. But, of course, it is not as quick as with hot water.
Yes it is and I love it very much!!!!!
Powder contains Splenda
Yes it is. That and the sugarfree are why I use it.
it's a lightweight oil in itself
Yes you can!
It doesn't say "cold pressed," do I don't think so but don't know for sure. It doesn't have an expiration date stated on it so I'm not sure of the shelf life.
It is not indicated on the label any where that I found and I'm not sure how to know that from simple observation, so I would say maybe not.
I don't know. but it's edible. I cook with it.
the photo shown is the "old" style bag. The new bags are vaccuum sealed. They just do not have the *gas valves* that more expensive brands have. Hope this is helpful
There is a big number stamp across the back of the back..... When I've called companies before and given them that number, they look it up and tell me the date
I believe it is ground, I bought it thinking it was whole bean, and they allowed me to return it! Nice company!
I don't sale one like this, But may be next time, thank for check in with us
No, I don't have any K CUP with coffee, Thank you for asking. If you have any question please email me. thank again.
No - it is NOT GMO free and it is not organic. This is from the website: "Does Pirate Brands use genetically modified ingredients? Yes, our products include some ingredients that may have been genetically modified. Currently, the majority of food crops grown in the U.S. have some genetic engineering. For example, more than 85% of corn (the key ingredient in our products) is genetically modified, and factors such as pollen drift from nearby crops and current practices in agricultural storage, handling and shipping have led to a market where non-GMOs are not sufficiently segregated. Accordingly, our products are not currently GMO free."
The product is not labelled vegan, but Amazon indicates that the product is vegan. I had the vegan option checked when I clicked this link. I was confused when I saw "made with real cheese" in the description. This isn't the fault of the manufacturer. It's Amazon's fault.
From the Amazon, Pirate's Booty description page. " All natural, baked, and kosher-- trans fat, gluten, and cholesterol free".
yupe Aged Cheddar Cheese Cultured Milk Salt Enzymes Whey Buttermilk be I`m guest to not abuse the poor cows. More booty for me
Hi Calliegirl: Thank you for your inquiry we reviewed our product description and see no mentioning of vegan on our product description. It reads: Product Code F40-4370504-8100 "1 oz travel size all natural baked rice and corn puffs snack in sealed package. All natural. Gluten & Trans Fat FREE. Ingredients: corn meal, rice, Contains one or more of the following: rice, sunflower or corn oil, aged cheddar cheese (no fat milk, salt, cheese cultures, enzymes), whey and low fat buttermilk. Contains dairy ingredients." Sometimes copy from other companies look like it's our descriptive copy because it is all on the same page but pulling copy from elsewhere. Sorry, for the confusion but Amazon organize content in one page and it looks confusing at times. I hope this helps.
Buying through Amazon works everywhere in the US, with fast, free shipping.
wheat free but made in facility that uses wheat
May 22 2015
The "use by date" is the date after which the crackers won't be at their best. We use them way past that date and have never noticed any difference; just keep the unused portion in their wrapper.
Serving Size 2 slices (13g) Total Carbohydrate 10g Dietary Fiber 2g Sugars 0g
They are NOT really RAW, so they WILL NOT sprout!
Not spicy, just plain raw almonds. They just use that as their brand name. very fresh and good.
Yes
It's about 12 cups total
There is no other info that what you see, either here at Amazon or at their web site. Try their contact info: Call (713) 661-2972 and/or E-mail:spicyworldofusa@gmail.com I don't even store the open bag in the refrigerator/freezer here in central Texas and I have not had a problem with them (4 lbs only last me about 3 months, I eat a lot of them each day). They do not seem to be any worst or better that all the other almonds that I have purchased in the past (including bulk at the local stores and the Diamond brand). I would be more interested in finding out how these, and all the other brands, pasteurize their nuts. I found this comment by another person: "I am just learning about raw foods and in a workshop I went to, we were told that ALL almonds from California do have to be pasturized by law, but that it is only in California. We were told that you can buy truly raw almonds from out of state, which of course means buying online. They also do not have to lable the package that the almonds, or any other nut from California, are pasturized. We were also told that you cannot buy directly from the grower because they cannot sell nuts without going thru their process. " Here is another take: http://detoxinista.com/2012/08/are-your-almonds-truly-raw/ And another: http://www.organicpastures.com/products_almonds.html Good Luck, Steve
Not at this time.
I worry about the same thing. By law, almonds produced in the US have to be pasteurized. If they are not organic, you can count on them being chemically treated (and legally, they can still be called "raw" - what a joke!). Imported almonds, however, do not have to be pasteurized....
I do not know, but either way, they ARE NOT raw!! If these are from California. By law all CALIFORNIA almonds sold after 2007 must be pasteurized! I am not sure about almonds produced in the US outside California because I can not find any information. If a food item is pasteurized it no longer a raw food!!!! For a food to be labeled pasteurized it MUST be heated to reach a minimum temperature of 160 degrees or be processed using a toxic chemical wash with toxic fumigant propylene oxide (PPO)!! Personally, at least to me, a chemical wash is much worse than heat processing, but either kills pathogens AND ENZYMES!! If it is heat pasteurized, the food is then tested to determine if pasteurization was successful. This test is a test for live enzymes. If there are live enzymes present, the pasteurization process failed and the food CAN NOT be labeled pasteurized!!!! At 160 degrees ALL enzymes are dead!!!! If the enzymes are dead, the food is no longer a RAW FOOD and no longer has the benefits of RAW FOOD!!! Live enzymes are ONE of the main reasons why food is eaten RAW, because live enzymes are very beneficial to the body!!! If a food has been pasteurized, the enzymes are dead and no matter how much the California almond industry tries to twist the definition of a RAW FOOD to deceive the public and put more $$$$ in their bank accounts, pasteurized almonds are no longer RAW and no longer have the benefits of a RAW food!!! If they are chemically pasteurized and you eat them, you are putting toxic chemicals into your body. Toxic chemicals remain in your body forever and continue to build up in your body. Toxic Chemicals are a leading cause of cancer!! The more of them you eat, the more toxic chemicals build up in your body. The more toxic chemicals built up in your body, the more likely they will cause cancer! Here is a link to three great articles on the subject of falsely labeled pasteurize almonds being labeled as raw: http://www.naturalnews.com/021781_almonds_California_pasteurized.html# And http://www.enn.com/agriculture/commentary/22282 and http://www.dirtdoctor.com/Almonds-Raw-or-Pasteurized_vq1948.htm The key word in the quote: "raw almonds that have been pasteurized do not differ in any significant way from untreated raw almond" is the word "significantly". Their definition of significantly I am sure is MUCH different than a consumers definition. Their definition is from the point of view of what is best and most economical for THEM, not consumers!!!! The reason that pasteurized almonds came about was due that in 2003 & 2004, 29 people became ill from eating almonds bought at Costco because they were contaminated with salmonella. Because of unsanitary conditions in the processing plant that sold the almonds they became contaminated with salmonella. Rather than force all processing facilities to maintain proper handling, constant sanitation and clean and sanitary processing facilities, they chose to adopt mandatory pasteurization of almonds instead. Here is a quote from the second link above to an article on almonds, pasteurization and salmonella: "no scientific evidence exists to show that almonds are an inherently risky food. In fact, Salmonella contamination of almonds can only occur when livestock manure or fecal matter is inadvertently transferred to the nuts through contaminated water, soil, or transportation and handling equipment. Almonds may also be infected by poor employee sanitation either on the farm or in processing facilities. While two outbreaks may bring bad publicity and economic losses to the almond industry, it does not prove that almonds are inherently unsafe. Is it justified to impose these onerous regulations on an entire industry, impacting all consumers, because of two relatively small outbreaks, one of which has been traced to Paramount Farms, a giant, industrial-scale farming operation raising 70,000 of acres of nut crops, that is by no means representative of the industry as a whole?" Small farmers many times can not afford pasteurization equipment, so this helps reduce competition for the large almond growers by putting the small almond growers out of business. This is just another example of the morality, thinking and reasons behind much of what big business does and why they do it. I hope this information helps PS. If you drink milk, you really should read this article: http://preventdisease.com/news/12/072312_New-Research-Casts-Doubt-on-Pasteurization-Techniques-For-Milk.shtml?utm_source=072312&utm_campaign=072312&utm_medium=email The facts listed in this article are why I only drink RAW MILK that I buy directly from a local Organic Amish Farm near me!! I have been drinking Raw Milk for over 10 years and I have NEVER gotten sick even once. If you buy a quality organic Raw Milk and know your farm, do not believe the scare tactics that are commonly used to prevent people from drinking Raw Milk!!
Don't know about ppo, but these were the worst, driest old nasty excuse for almonds I ever regretted buying
trees and more almonds are grown in the u.s. than anywhere else in the world
Update: My husband soaked 10 of the seeds overnight and then placed them in between several layers of moist paper towel. 9 out of 10 have sprouted this morning and the 10th looks like it might also sprout, so he says 'YES' these seeds seem to be viable for sprouting and/or planting.
they may be too hard
they are raw
This is not a reply per se but just a comment: it would help if you rephrased your question to make it more understandable.
India.
My mother used to make a hot recipe with Birds custard powder. Dilute custard powder in whole milk, add sugar to taste, essence and stir on stove top until it thickens. Let cool off then enjoy. You could add your favorite berries on top or chocolate sprinkles. You could also put it in ice trays and serve frozen. I hope this helps. Nanaimo bars (Canada's favorite confection) is wonderful too. Try adding nuts, fruit pieces, raisins etc. to your recipes. To me, Bird's custard power makes the best crme burley.
Sorry you had this experience. I use regular fresh skimmed milk (or any type of cow's milk from the store dairy section) then after warming the milk a little on medium to heat, I add the powder and whisk the mixture occassionally. Lowering the heat, I continue to stir or whisk the mixture if necessary and let it come to a low boil. At that point it's done. I've always experienced scortching on the bottom but that's part of the beauty of the pudding - take it off the heat and let it cool or eat right away. I usually can't wait.
Yes it makes egg custard easily
See their site: http://www.birdscustard.co.uk/range/custard-powder-and-instant/
I don't remember all the ingredients but you have to add sugar to make the custard. I forgot once and it was horrid.
Simple non-dairy or egg ingredients. But it is made in a factory which handles milk products. We have loved it for 40 years plus.
I use it for Nanaimo Bars
Cornflour, salt, colour, (annatto) flavour (vanilla). For a full list of nutritional information see previous answers.
At the website Celiac.com is a discussion about annatto, the natural coloring used in Bird's custard powder. Annatto is gluten-free, but several people reported having a Celiac reaction after consuming it; other Celiacs said they had no problem. The exact flavoring is not listed, but when the custard powder is moistened, there is a scent of cherry. http://www.birdscustard.co.uk/ is the address of Bird's. There is a contact section where you could email an enquiry. Best wishes for you.
Sorry, but they did not state whether the corn flour was non-GMO or not. What I do know was that Birds Custard powder was around for over 50 years and the quality is the same. My mom made fine custards with it.
3.5 oz.
Not as fresh as name brand ones you'd buy in the spice section of store. But I use them to simmer on stove to make house smell good so it didn't matter that much to me.
I honestly don't remember, but I do know it was a very good deal for what I paid. They come from a distributor in India who sends them straight to you. I was pleased.
It is not like shredded coconut that you would use on a cake. It is finer but not as fine as powdered sugar.
No, It is not truly a powder as I define it. It is better described as a fine grind. If you don't mind the consistency it would do well in your drink.
I mean, you certainly could, I don't know how good it would taste. Might give the smoothie a funny texture because it's so dry and powdery.
Yes,
Yes
Yes
All it is and says is that this is nothing but coconut. No fillers, no add-ons etc. I saw no CoA, but admit, I didn't look for one. I suggest you contact the company to ask about this concern.
COCONUT POWDER
Hi, The raw coconut powder is imported from Philippians. Best wishes, Green Bulk
Hi labella2me. I couldn't answer your inquiry from experience, so I went to Google. Here is a simple recipe for coconut milk using desiccated coconut powder found on Food.com. I also included the link to the page. Hope this helps. Ingredients: 8 ounces desiccated coconut (dry) 3 1/2 cups water Directions: 1 In a medium-sized pot, place desiccated coconut and water. 2 Mix and allow to soak for an hour. 3 After an hour, turn heat onto low and bring to a gentle simmer. 4 Simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. 5 Turn off heat and leave pot on element for an hour. 6 After an hour, transfer coconut mixture to blender or processor and process for 45 seconds. 7 Put a large sieve over a bowl and empty coconut mixture into it. 8 Press down hard on coconut solids with the back of a spoon to remove as much coconut milk as possible. 9 This method produces approximately 2 cups of coconut milk. 10 Can be made up to 2 days before use in a recipe and refrigerated, covered. The milk will separate in the fridge, forming a creamy `fat' layer on top, and a thinner `liquid' layer underneath. Not to worry, the fat layer will melt into the liquid when heated and form a lovely milk. Yield 2 cups http://www.food.com/recipe/make-your-own-coconut-milk-190959
Ask if the almonds are 100% "unprocessed", that's the key word. As to answering the question, there is no way to know the truth unless you follow the seed from the tree to your mouth. http:// www .organicpastures.com/ raw-almond-expose. html
not sure I know how to tell the difference...
Yes
Yes it is 100% organic
I'm sorry. I don't have your answer.
7 oz more than 1/2 cup
It does not say on the package. I am using it for toilet bombs.
Powder
I have purchased it, and it is pure.
Flakes of chocolate very yummy chocolate
It tasted like the original to me I love this chocolate it's my favorite
these are same size ones we get in england .regular size .they are awsum.
Yes, this candies will be shipped from England to anywhere in US n Canada and most of the sellers do offer free shipping
all I know is that I ate them growing up in England, so I never noticed at the time where they were made. I always thought of them as coming from the Cadbury factory in Birmingham, which was 20 miles away. Delicious none the less. my kids love them , so I send for them when I am not visiting England
Maititol, this is what is says on the ingredents wrapper. It's very good but, very expensive.
I've ordered these a bunch of times and there's no way the box weighs 8 lbs! Not even close. I use amazon prime ship8ping-- so I have a flat rate no matter what. These are soo good, but def not a shipping weight of 8lbs.
According to the product description page,a serving is 1 piece. There are 12g of carbs per serving. 11.5 of these are sugar alcohols. Total net impact carbs are 0.5.
Full sized.
No
Most (or all?) Airheads taffies are certified OU Kosher since 2011. Check out http://oukosher.org/product-search/ and type in Airheads. They are Parve, but not kosher for passover.
Artificially - http://www.airheads.com/nutrition.pdf
Fairly even
blue raspberry, orange,white mystery, cherry , watermelon and grape
Mine werent stale
Yes, each bar is .55 ounce
A bear full.
They are the new and they are Horribly good. If you don't want to eat them all, there is something wrong with ya!
There is a zip strip at the top on the front side of the bag. To be honest I cut mine open too and then found the opening.
The bag(s) we got had almost a year and a half shelf life..but..kept cool..they will last much longer. We have bought these in 6 pound bags SEVERAL times.
Like ALL gummy bears, yes they do have sugar.but they are GREAT tasting....and have good chewing consistancy about them. I have bought several bags for the grandkids...
no they are not sugar free.
No I am sorry they are not Thanks for asking
This is directly from the Ferrara USA website: What type of gelatin do you use in your candies? Ferrara uses pork gelatin in all gummies. Gelatin is derived from pork hide. Candies that contain gelatin are not kosher. Black Forest Gummies and all other gummies are not certified kosher.
Yes
As far as I know
These are the size of a regular candy bar..about seven inches long.I do not know what the ice cream short size is.
Dear Aimee, Yes these are made here in the UK. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
Good Afternoon, Thank you for your email. I can confirm that inside the UK orders take 3 to 5 working days outside the UK orders take around 7 to 10 working days. Kind Regards Amy
Dear H.E, No there is no additional fee. Its a free shipping service to USA. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
Mine didn't come with insulation. I didn't have a melting problem, but I am not sure about at the height of summer, particularly shipping to HI. FYI, I prefer now to order from another vendor in GB, as the larger volume didn't taste quite right. A bit dried out, or stale. Kind of woody. The lot I got had Arabic writing on, so I am not sure if they were a particular recipe for shipping to that area. The Flakes from GB are sold in lots of 6, and are occasionally the smaller size, but taste just right.
I got 4 packs of 6. But I advise you, If you have a Harris teeter anywhere near you, they carry these and I'd get them there. My order was old, white and powdery. If I knew I could of got them locally sooner I would of
They did the same thing to me. I put it down to them knowing that we would have to pay more in shipping .so they get away with it
Not sure why they sent this to me. We only ordered one case. What we got from Britian was fresh and delicious
i don't sell the flake bars. i just bought them for ourselves to eat
Yes! They're wonderful.
These are made in the UK, with milk as the first ingredient, unlike here where sugar is first... they're delicious and much better than the North American variety!
According to the Cadbury Website the answer is yes.
Yes. I recieved 12 bars.
using an online converter, I found these 45g bars to be about 1.5 oz
It is about 6 inches long.
Based on the state the order is from, we take proper precautions to avoid melting issues.
I ordered mine in early December and just received it. The expiration date is 9/23/2014.
Solid chocolate and no nuts in this variety, just pure milk chocolate.
No dilution of ingredients in this juice.
NO WATER ! Awesome tasting. The Pineapple is the best. Really well made and good for you !!!\ Expensive , A little, but worth it !!
I looked on my jar. It does not say it is or is not made from concentrate. It says 100% juice, but that is all. Most of Lakewood juices say "not from concentrate", so perhaps this means it is. But I don't know for sure. I know it taste great and is GMO free and organic!
For plain soup add 1cup lentils to 7 cups water boil for 1h 10'. Add salt and pepper. When finished add some lemon the color of the soup will turn yellowish. Options you can add carrots, onions, possibly beef, some people add tomatoes. All this alter the basic alter the basic taste of lentils. Good luck
They are split and do not fall apart even when pressure cooked.
I think that you need to ask Spicy World itself. My eye is not up to my trying to figure out how to pull up manufacturer/seller contact info at Amazon, but if you can not find how to do that perhaps someone else reading this will OR you could use the CONTACT US section and ask at Amazon itself. Sorry that it is not possible to help you directly; we face the same sort of need due to severe food allergies and have found that there simply is NO replacement for asking the actual company itself partly because sometimes companies change suppliers, too. Good luck to you!
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
Quite awhile. We've kept it open for two to three weeks in frig and it was fine.
750 ml, the same as a normal bottle wine
Yes, but you would want to have someone there to greet the UPS truck. You do NOT want to let it sit outside and freeze.
They are good for a long time. Shake really well before using juice. Keep refrigerated after opened. It tastes very good over ice.
I am not sure, but i refrigerate the oprned bottles. The unopened bottles I do not refrigerated.
Xango Distributors can not sell below wholesale, per their contract. If they do, they will lose their Distributorship. Beware of below wholesale prices, you may be getting old product that someone has stockpiled and trying to get rid of it. Distributors pay wholesale themselves, so if they sell below that, they are losing money. I will always sell fresh and never below wholesale. I hope this answers your question. Have a great day!
Plastic
Yo! Kindly ask the seller your question. I'm just a reviewer of these bottles. From my past purchases, the bottles mostly display expiration dates that are at least 1 year ahead of the purchase time - more than enough time for you to consumer them all. 1 carton of bottles can be consumed in a month.
750ml- 25 fl. oz.- The size of a normal wine bottle
In my experience shredded coconut is the finely cut meat of the coconut. Coconut flour is much finer. I have never tried to make the flour from the shredded coconut. The flour has significantly more fiber than all purpose flour. Hope that helps.
Judy, on the package it says, "Total Carbs - 8 gm, dietary fibre -5, sugar - 1.
You get 4 pounds in an order. I purchased this because it was a really good deal for coconut flour. Bob's is a good quality . I would recommend this brand.
It was fresh, but I don't remember even looking for an expiration date. I do know I used it a couple of times and it was great. I put it in the freezer after the last time I used it. Sorry I can't be of more help.
Product of USA
No, it does not have any sulfites. It only has 1 ingredient: organic coconut.
Yes, of course you can! I've used it for breading, but I think it tastes better if you mix it with other flours (such as almond flour). This flour is also really yummy added to pancakes.
I know at my local natural food store I paid 14.89$ for a pound and here I paid 24+?$ for four, one pound packages. I was THRILLED!
Saute 1 cup each of diced red onion, celery (including leaves), organic carrots, and fresh mushrooms (any type) for 3-5 minutes. Add 2 cups of Bob's Red Mill Vegi Soup Mix, 8 cups water and 3 cups fat free chicken broth. Simmer for 50-60 minutes, season with kosher salt and ground pepper.
This may not help...I use a crockpot and cook for 6 hours. This ensures that whatever is in the pot cooks completely.
It seems to at least double. 4 cups water, 1 cup soup, makes at least 2-3 cups after the hour boil.
Can not answer. Neither one of us liked the soup and we returned it.
No. This is uncooked and dry. Must be cooked.
Yes it is. And I want to add that this is one of the best of its kind as far as dry soup mix combinations. I've always been pleased with the basic mix, and found that a little creativity goes a long way if you want to add your favorite spices r herbs, and even a mix of fresh vegetable to make your soup individual and better than ever.
pretty much forever. These are dried beans, and if kept in the sealed package, will keep for your lifetime. If opened up, in dry air, will also keep for years. However, humidity increases likelihood of mold.
Vegi soup mix: Green split peas, yellow split peas, barley, lentils, vegetable pasta (semolina wheat flour, spinach powder, tomato powder and/or paprika powder, niacin, iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, and folic acid).
I take my Mothers Banana Bread recipe and just exchange the flour called out in the recipe with Bob's Red Mill Gluten-Free All-Purpose Flour Mix. Equal amounts.
The ingredients list only the flours, which are also listed on the Amazon site. Nothing else is included. It makes very good bread, especially when combined with millet flour and potato starch, and perhaps a little sticky rice flour.
We dont have the capability through amazon. Maybe via usps, internayional. I can check for you
I believe you can use it to make homemade pasta. This flour mixture is used as an all purpose flour by people who are gluten sensitive. But anyone can use it and benefit from it. If you go to www.BobsRedMill.com website you can find recipes with this kind of flour. Even the package itself has some recipes.
Evening! I have a bag in front of me now. Ingredients: Garbanzo bean flour, Potato starch, Tapioca flour, white Sorghum flour, and Fava bean flour. It is manufactured in a facility that also uses tree nuts and soy. This is stated on the bag. I hope this helps. Be blessed.
I have several packages of this in my fridge. Non list wheat on the ingredients. I think there must be a mistake with Amazon's listing?
Considering the starch content (potato starch and tapioca flour) which will thicken more than regular flour, I would use a less than 1:1 substitution. You can always add more as needed.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
I use 1-2 TB per 8 ounces depending on how strong you want it. Sometimes I like to add a little milk for richness then I might use a little extra mix so it is nice a dark. I like my cocoa strong flavored
For the milk chocolate variety, there is 28g carbohydrates per serving, none of come them from fiber. For nutritional information for other varieties, see the company's website at www.stephensgourmet.com (which redirects to www.indulgentfoods.com).
The ingredients listed include: Sugar, Sweet Whey, Maltodextrin, Partially Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Non-fat Dry Milk, Sodium Caseinate (A Milk Derivative), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Salt, Mono and Diglycerides, Dipotassium Phosphate, Carrageenan, Soy Lecithin. **It appears corn syrup solids are included in addition to sugar itself.
No, it's more like sweet cream. It's rich tasting and creamy but the actual flavor isn't very strong.
Don't know. All depends on your taste. How you want it to taste.
Yes, it contains a small amount. According to the manufacturer, an 8oz serving contains 1mg of caffeine.
I have not tried Starbucks Hot Cocoa Peppermint but one thing I really like about Stephens Mint Truffle is it is not too chocolaty. I rerfer a mild flavor. It hits the spot for me.
I ordered Stephens Candy Cane Hot Cocoa and the exp date stamped on the bottom of the canister is 4/15/15. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have no idea. I only buy the regular one.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
They are smaller than the minis you would get at the liquor store. Picture each candy as being about the size of a single "fun size" snickers or twix bar. But if you ask me... these are more fun.
Fewer than it would take to make you fat.
I am not sure what you are trying to ask? What is i gedients...
I don't know about melting, but these totally sucked. The alcohol must have crystallized or evaporated because they weren't anything like the chocolate liqueurs I've ever had! Save your money - I think they were super old stock.
I do not have the package any longer to tell you specifically, but they are milk chocolate and dark chocolate with a small amount of liquor inside. One of them is Jim Beam with a tiny amount of whiskey, one has an orange flavored vodka, and I'm sorry, I don't remember the other flavors. I have some of them left, and the small bottles simply say chocolate with liquor inside. They are very good, but they do have real alcohol in them.
This is chocolate and hazelnut flavored wrapped in gold
to be quite honest I did not look at the dat before the kids eat it , but as far as amazn is concerned they do sell good items.
Dear Buyer, We can fulfill your request. As we buy direct from the manufacturer, the procurement is a simple process for us. The item as described has 12/3pks. How many of these units come in a master case I can let you know in the morning. This order will require pre payment to ensure perfect execution with all parties in the supply chain process, including the shipping logistics. I'll be in touch and thank you for your inquiry. Sincerely, Rick GSD Team
Yes, you can freeze them without them spoiling. Make sure you put them in an airtight bag (Ziplock). When you take them out of the freezer, let them set for a couple hours. If you open them, it will cause condensation and will cause the chocolate to get light colored spots on it.
Yes, a container you want to keep.
We normally ship it in a postal envelope and they do go into the buyer mail box.
i dont know their policy, but the ones i ordered in December 2014 were dated "best by August 2015"
Facemedplus, CA
The ones directly sold by Amazon were $12.49. The ones sold by different retailers and fulfilled by Amazon have different prices.
I think this would be a great valentine gift-I would give it as one or would love to receive one as a valentine gift-especially because i'm a chocolate and hazelnut freak.
Raffaello has an Almond in the center, with coconut on the outside. Ferrero Rocher has a Hazelnut on the inside with hazelnut chocolate and other pieces of nuts on the outside. So depends on if you like hazelnut or coconut better. They are not the same. I hate coconut and love these.
Yes. It shows U D on the back of the box. Click the picture, and you will find the ingredients displayed on the back of the box.
I've seen trays up to 48 pieces so far.
ooooh, you can eat it with a spoon right out of the jar!! Or, put it on scones,toast,cookies,bars..use it as a topping with ice cream. The uses are endless. The smooth lemony taste is so very good.
1 jar. The discription is wrong
Sugar, butter, lemon juice (11%), egg yolk, whole egg, gelling agent: pectin, lemon oil.
No, this one that is $9.25 is a single one only, but they do sell it in a pack of 6 for $40+ dollars.
There is nutrition information on the label but quite frankly it is so delicious I never checked! It is the best lemon curd I have found and would strongly suggest ordering.
Yes, its stamp on each individual box. According to the lot I purchased, they are good for over a 1+ to 1.5+ years.
I did find it stuck to one of my capped teeth, however only until I was able to get it fully chewed (softened) then no problem. I it's a small price to ensure NO ASPARTAME or other fake sugars!!!
It sure stuck to all my mental work. This is a dreadful product which loses its taste in less that five minutes. Totally worthless.
I don't know what the vendor they use, but all I know is I purchased the product & I am a raw foodist & this stuff is some of the best cacao that I have ever had & I for one will order more. The pound that I got I have had for a year & still fresh & still taste wonderful in just about everything. There is nothing but what they say in it. I trust them. There's more true organics coming from foreign country's then here in the USA & they will lie to you & tell you that these people are shipping in tainted products, but most of the tainted products that I have ever had was from my own country which is the USA. I purchase raw organic herbs from all over the world & this company has a wonderful fresh raw organic cacao powder that has nothing in it, but what it is suppose to & that is cacao, no sugar, no fillers, no additives, no anti caking. I love it!
No clue
I don't know. The package doesn't look familiar, but, if I purchased it, I used it up months ago. Did I rate it? I can't remember. I'm sorry not to have more information for you. I know there are often questions about these products; one of the cacaos I am using now and liking has gotten good reviews except for one person, who tried to contact the company and ask why it tastes like Hershey's cocoa, and they didn't respond; the company, out of Arizona, also doesn't say the source. I've heard both good and bad about the "halla . . ." company-- I wish you success in finding information; with cocoa it is always bewildering-- I want raw, but some of the raw cacaos I have gotten have seemed full of chaff--
It's a 1 lb bag, so 16 ounces.
This is DARK chocolate. {Yea!}
Raspberry
yes,and they taste yum frozen
Thanks for your inquiry. Shop Rite, Pathmark, Kings, Stop & Shop, Acme, and Fairway Market in Bergen County. Also Wegman's
boxes are marked for dark chocolate and then there are milk chocolate boxes. You choice?
Around Passover, many of the boxes are marked Kosher for Passover. Though you have to ask the shipper as it might be older stock. HAPPY HOLIDAY!
5 lbs
The company does not state that it is organic, but it does state: All of Barry's Teas are 100% natural - no additives, no artificial colourings, no preservatives, no funny business. I also agree 100% with Faber Mcmullen. Not just because me mother was born in Ireland.
Each box has 80 bags.
The bags are not wrapped.
I dont know if it naturally occurs in the passion flower plant but it really helps to calm and relax and I would drink it before going to sleep without a problem.
I am not sure in weight since I have discarded the box and it is loose tea but I would say about 4 oz seems about accurate. It is definitely enough to make at least 24 cup of tea. And it works to calm nerves nicely.
The package shows the only ingredient as "Passion Flower". The contents all looks the same - I don't see any fillers. Perhaps you should contact the company at the website: www.theherbalgardens.com. They could give you the factual information regarding the Passion Flower tea.
it is loose tea and so it comes packed in a cello bag in a box. I no longer have the box as I placed the tea in a glass jar, but I would guess about 4 oz or enough to make about 25 cups of tea.
I think they were 2 3 oz. bags.
funny I did not think there was any...but..if u read the small print...75mg per 8.3 oz 246ml...its the only energy drink that I can drink its light and clean tasting...almost like 7 up
It contains cane sugar, not HFCS. Down side is it is a lot of sugar along with high amounts of caffeine. I would not drink this if it did & good for you for asking if it is.
The can pictured here- "Energy Pro" is the product that I have a recurring shipment of. I have been using it for about 5 years. Love it! I just tried the product in the "new" can. For some unspecified reason the most recent shipment contained "Energy Original". Not sure if the substitution is a mistake or a temporary sub, but the ingredients list is the same. I do notice a flavor shift-- seems to have less citrus taste. I like the Pro version better, though the difference is subtle. I hope this only a temporary condition- I will contact Amazon to find out.
I've been using this stuff for a couple of years. They used to carry it in the club store we belong to, but now I always get it from Amazon. I like the taste more than any other energy drinks I've tried. Also, a lot of the other drinks are 12oz. and up and many say the can is 2 servings...right! I do believe when I was first buying it it had ginko in it, maybe they took it out when news stories about kids drinking too much of these type drinks. I never really noticed until now. The cans I get look just like the first 3 pictures on Amazon. I'm sure the energy is from the Taurine, B vitamins and caffeine. I'm older (63) but still work hard on our mini ranch, and along about 3 in the afternoon this stuff gives me a boost to keep working til dinnertime. I like it and will continue to use it.
Most cans unless punctured has a shelf life of 2-3 years
on the bottom of the cans I have there are 2 sets of numbers the second group looks like a date to me (0719) but I really don't know I looked on the cardboard box it comes in and I don't see any dates?? sorry
CHINA!!!! Here is the reply I received from Eden Foods.... "Thank you for your interest in Eden Foods. Eden Pumpkin Seeds are a hull-less variety organically grown on family farms in northeast China, according to the standards established by the NOP (National Organic Program). This variety is not grown in sufficient quantity in other countries (including the U.S. and Mexico) to accommodate the consistent supply needs of Eden Foods. Eden has purchased pumpkin seeds from the same certified organic supplier since 2005 and the quality of the seeds has remained consistently excellent since that time. The water used to irrigate the pumpkin fields is regularly tested and meets the same high quality standards as required for U.S. Drinking Water Standards. The raw pumpkin seeds are BRC (British Retail Consortium) certified, a food safety certification standard that meets the criteria established for the GFSI (Global Food Safety Initiative). As is true for all Eden growers and suppliers, we regularly visit and inspect the farms where the pumpkin seeds are grown, as well as the Michigan processing facility where they are cleaned and bagged. Once cleaned, the finished pumpkin seeds are certified organic by OCIA (Organic Crop Improvement Association), according to the standards established by the NOP". Customer Service Eden Foods 701 Tecumseh Road Clinton, MI 49236
I buy mine from netrition dot com so you can go there and see if the description contains where the seeds are grown; also, you can go to the manufacturer's website and see if they say where the seeds are grown. if the site doesn't say, you can contact the manufacturer and ask them, most have a contact us or email us button for their customers. hope this helps.
1/4 CUP HAS 100MG
I do not know the answer
I have noticed the same thing after I purchased a case. The only explanation is a change in recipe.
I don't know if it's changed--but the way is cooks is the best. ONLY PROBLEM, I want to know if the corn is TRULY ORGANIC. It should be called ORGANICALLY GROWN QUINOA-CORN BLEND--- that is if it is truly Organic. Would be nice to know the % of each so one can balance this knowledge with a diet being consumed.
Yes, and more recently has been grown in higher-elevation regions of the U.S. and Europe.
all low fat milks contain extra sugar. I worked a starbucks for years. its basically a milk store too. I always found it funny when the Atkins dieters would want non fat milk because it actually contains added sugar therefore extra carbs. I wouldnt worry about it every other non fat milk you get has extra sugar too, unless you milked it.
The milk is ultra-pasteurized which is what gives it its long shelf life.
It can be stored without refrigeration. It needs to be chilled prior to consumption so that the milk is smooth and not as chunky. Tastes nasty when it's warm and a little clumpy. After opening the bottle, if you happen to not finish it, it needs to go in the refrigerator.
Mine was March 20, 2014. Delivered 11/8/13
I imagine so if you put it in a suitcase you are checking in, not a carry on.
I've one in the fridge expires 11/08. Less expensive at Cosco and Whole Foods.
Nope! Whole 30 and paleo compliant my friend!
No, it is not smooth and creamy. It is chunky and watery. I even tried putting it in the blender and it still never got creamy.
This coconut milk is not organic but it's packed in BPA free cans.
I don't know of any GMO coconut trees so it probably is GMO free. My understanding is that coconuts are typically organic (not sprayed anyway) which fits in with my experience of travelling in tropical countries where they seem to grow just fine all over the place.
But ... it IS called coconut milk. That is the name of the product. However, in my review of this product I cautioned viewers that there is not much milk in the can, and it's really like coconut paste. You cannot drink this like a glass of milk or even like a melted milkshake. It is thick and has to be handled with a spoon. It's really just ground up coconut meat. I put two heaping tablespoons of it on my oatmeal in the morning, before I heat it up.
Yes, you can cook with this coconut milk. And you can add it to coffee (stir it up first). Since you won't use a whole can of coconut milk in a single cup of coffee, remember to transfer the remaining coconut milk into another container, such as a glass jar with a lid, and store in the refrigerator. Storing foods in opened cans (even when covered with plastic wrap, or whatever) affects flavor.
http://www.naturalvalue.com/got-milk/ Here is a question/answer from the company. I'm not sure about the review, mine also looked a little gray, but once I mixed it up it looked fine, I used it in a cake and it turned out well. I will reorder.
Hi there, The label says that it's made by taking the meat inside the coconut shell, adding water to it and pureing it. Nothing else added to it. Hope this helps.
It's worth giving it a shot but I'm not sure. As I said in my review, it kind of separates. Even when it's introduced into something hot like coffee. I never did try to cook with it for this reason. I would speculate that maybe if you stuck it in the frig so you would have coconut cream accumulate at the top of the can that the cream may be could be used to make a creamy yogurt type thing. Maybe someone else has more experience using it for something like you suggest. In fact, I may try to use the coconut cream that way instead of tossing the extra cans I have. Thanks for making me think on the subject. Regardless, some people have reactions to guar gum, other's not so much. Good luck. Let us know if it works (if that's possible).
Yes, I believe so. It's very good.
Yes, you can. When my kefir starts getting low, I sometimes transfer the kefir into a clean jar and add milk and let it "work" until it's the consistency I desire, usually more like yogurt than milk. I use the packs when we travel which is more convenient.
Other than making sure I heat the milk to 180 degrees F initially the temperature doesn't seem to matter. I let the heated milk sit on the counter until it reaches room temp then mix in the culture. After mixing I leave it sit covered on the counter for about 24 hours. My kitchen has been 68 -70 degrees this winter during the day and about 66 at night. Once the milk thickens I put it in the fridge. It seems to still keep getting thicker in the fridge but much more slowly. As a side note; I don't use a new batch of culture each time. When I need more I follow the same procedure but instead of a new packet of culture I use about a half cup of the culture I already made. Works great every time. On my tenth batch from the first culture packet.
This is dry packets that don't need to be refrigerated. Once you make kefir, you will need to refrigerate the kefir
You can make 8mquarts with this. 8 packets.
Better, more flavor and texture.
It's one can=18 oz. 6 cans per pack
I received 6.
What do you mean? It would be delivered like any other product. Since I don't know where you live, I can't answer specfically. If you're worried about it freezing, assuming it won't sit on your porch all day, it would be fine. Then again, even if it did freeze solid you could just thaw it out.
I only had 6 months, still good, but poor taste.
It doesn't say the actual shelf life on the package but based on the way it's processed I'm sure it can go 3-6 months. I rotate a box through every couple months so I always have it on hand.
According to the ingredient list, NO...It contains: Brown Rice Flour, Tapioca Flour, Arrowroot Flour, Xanthan Gum, Granulated Garlic, Cream of Tartar, Salt, Baking Soda, Italian Seasoning, Granulated Onion, Ascorbic Acid.
I found that if you check the crust after 10 minutes you can pop any bubbles with a fork. Then if you flip the crust before topping, you will have a smooth side to add all your sauce and toppings.
In Style Health is only shipping to the U.S. However, if you would like to contact us with your address, special conditions can be made provided you pay for the shipping costs.
22 grams in 2 slices
We will ship it to Havaii. Purchase from our webstore by Amazon. Contact as if you have any problems. Abc wholesale
Hi, There's no coating on the inside of the can. These are organic, and since 10/11 organic canned tomatoes haven't used BPA lining. You can tell if the inside of the can is orangey, no lining. If the inside is white, then there's still a BPA lining. My cans are orangey inside :-). Great tomatoes, btw.
Listen, if you want no chemicals at all in your produce then grow your own. You can do this indoors too. I grow my tomatoes and for several years have dehydrated them then powdered them. Use a dry net on the cheap side, alton brown method or by a SQUARE dehydrator. Slice in a processor extra thin then powder in the processor. You want diced tomatoes? Dice n dry. I stopped buying canned for the most part years ago. I also stopped worrying so much about what I eat. My Gramma is nearly 100 yrs old and lives on her own. She eats what she can easily get
You are correct. A single raw medium tomato contains approximately 3.2g of sugar. One can of this sauce contains a total of about 21g of sugar. The sugar is purely the result of turning 7-8 tomatoes into sauce.
It has "naturally derived citric acid". Otherwise no listed sulfates. Feel free to contact the manufacturer to see if it's from real citrus 1-800-832-6345 M-F 7:30-5:30 CT
Don't see anything on can saying it has any. This sauce is organic Their web site says no, hope this helps.
I believe so since each can is marked with an U inside a circle which is the symbol used by The Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations; 11 Broadway; New York, NY 10004; (212) 613-8241, Fax: (212)564-9058.
I last purchased Muir Glen Organic Tomato Sauce more than 18 months ago. However, I've been a regular customer of Muir Glen Organic Tomato Paste. The only 2 ingredients in each can are: "Organic tomato paste, naturally derived citric acid." Although citric acid is not an antioxidant like ascorbic acid (vitamin C) or lycopene, which is a carotenoid that is more bioavailable in canned tomatoes and boiled tomatoes than in fresh tomatoes, citric acid is a stronger acid than ascorbic acid and citric acid also helps the beneficial, acid-loving bacteria (lactobacilli and bifidobacteria) increase their numbers much better than ascorbic acid.
Serving size = 1/4 cup with 20mg of sodium. The entire can = about 7 servings with approximately 140mg. It is great tasting too!
Sorry, don't have any here at the moment. However 7g of fiber per slice. Best toasted.
I have experimented with various of these breads, and I prefer the Fitness over the 3-grain, but it's very much a matter of individual taste. If I recall the 3-grain, it has a flatter texture than the Fitness, but this is, again, simply my preference and perhaps imperfect memory.
I do not freeze it so I am sorry I can not answer your question. It has a long shelf life. I order when I run out so it is always fresh. By the way, toast it and your mouth will melt with flavor.
No, it's fully baked.
There are 7 long rectangular slices. I usually cut them in half and then toast them for a sandwich or with breakfast. I think toasted is best.
As long as the package remains sealed, probably at least several months . . . I've had it sit that long during hot summers with no ill effects.
The tofu can be earn out of the box, but it will have no taste!
my package bought a few months ago says July 10, 2014
I pressed it manually as I wanted to remove any moisture. It is quite firm and did not crumble.
The package says it is "made in the USA." It also says it is not GMO (genetically modified).
Mori Nu has tofu products that are specifically labeled as organic, they usually have a green label
I bought it in February and it is good until November
No. It is regular tofu, not fermented.
3 oz. serving has 45 calories and 2 grams fat with 0 grams sat. or trans. fat
Most soba in Japan is a combination of wheat and buckwheat. Pure buckwheat soba is referred to as jyuwari. So labeling soba buckwheat isn't intended to be misleading, it's just what they call it. If you want pure buckwheat, look for jyuwari or towari.
No this is from Australia.
The buckwheat noodles have 38 total carbs, the wheat noodles with mineral salts have 38 total carbs, the wheat noodles have 40 grams. What I, personally, have found is that recently I have become gluten intolerant but these organic wheat noodles do not trigger any reaction.
The ingredients are listed as: Organic Wheat Flour, Organic Buckwheat Flour, Water
It's pretty common for mass market soba noodles to have a fairly low buckwheat content. It's tough to find the good stuff online - poke around a bit.
The cans are BPA free. From a recent article about fire roasted tomatoes 'Muir Glen has BPA-free cans, which is rare for canned tomatoes'.
If there are we sure don't notice them. These are still the only canned tomatoes that we will use.
Serving Size: 1/2 cup (130g) Amount Per Serving: Calories: 30 Calories from Fat: 0 % Daily Value* Total Fat 0g 0% Saturated Fat 0g 0% Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 290mg 12% Total Carbohydrate 6g 2% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 4g Protein 1g Vitamin A 10% Vitamin C 35% Calcium 2% Iron 4% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 Calorie Diet
Organic products cannot be produced from GMO (regulated by the federal government) but I did see that the Muir Glen company is on the list of companies against the Washington State GMO Labeling Initiative. Not sure why an organic company would be in favor of GMO's but it may be owned by a larger corp that uses GMO'S.
Yes
I found it at World Market
Each individual box of 20 tea bags has an expiration date. The box I current have open expires in 2017. I checked all of them in the case and they have the same expiration date.
Let me check for you...I am sorry, I received this question late but I will check in the morning if that is ok.
It is not recommended for use by pregnant/nursing women, consult your physician before use. List of Ingredients Triple Leaf Detox Tea is made up of 100% all natural ingredients. The ingredient list contains Red Clover, Dandelion, Schisandra, Ginger, Fo-Ti, Burdock, Chineses Licorice, Lysimachia, Loranthus, Japanese Honeysuckle, Siler, Tokyo Violet, Chinese Mint, Chinese Cinnomon, Lopatherum, Pulsatilla, Duckweed, While Mulberry, Isatis, Perilla, and Phellodendron.
They claim no additives but it is flash pasteurized. Coconut water has some natural sugars. All of us, but especially those with high blood pressure, need 4,700 Mgs of potassium a day, which is almost impossible to ingest in food form. Vitacoco has 620 Mgs. In 11.1 fluid ounces for only 60 calories. Four of these containers a day plus my food keeps my blood pressure stable and normal. Even a single day off it and my BP rises. It also helps to take a liquid calcium/ magnesium supplement with it. You can get an unpasteurized, frozen version called Nature Field. I'll bet it is more expensive, and harder to store but better for being unpasteurized. I take no medications. Always find natural remedies. Almost ninety. Love, researching natural remedies.
I have kept an open liter container in the fridge for as much as two weeks - it was still fine to use.
The box indicates 15 grams of sugar, which is high in my opinion, but even so, it does not taste sweet. Label doesn't indicate the source. There are huge variations in taste between containers. I bought 4; one was unbearable, the next was a little better, the next one tasted pretty good, the last one was unbearable again--had to pour it down the drain.
It is all liquid...delicious and quite refreshing.
Hi Rona, The package says it is 100% natural, from Brazil, not from a concentrate. I love the flavor and the calories are low but when I read the label I found out that it has 11g of sugar per serving. It also says ingredients: Coconut Water, less than 1% Natural Fruit Sugar, Vitamin C. Hope this helps.
Produced in Malaysia
No
They have several kinds with fruit pure. My absolute favorite is with pineapple. It's all natural and really taste great. I've tried other kinds and this by far is the best.
I dont think its organic.
Assuming the question is genuine:) Package says "jam-packed with naturally occurring electrolytes", "more potassium than a banana (don't tell this to monkeys)-potassium helps keep your body properly hydrated", "no fat and no cholesterol (means big hearts & small butts)", "100% natural" Also the pack is handy and convenient to carry during travel.
I received 6 as in the description.
It says in the listing, "Store up to 1 year. If jars do not completely seal, refrigerate and consume within one week. Serve it! Pour into containers and let cool. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving. Refrigerate up to 1 week." But I have canned many things that last longer than a week in the fridge once opened. I think it would depend on how well they were processed, how clean the utensils that are dipped in it during use are, and how well it is sealed up in the fridge. Those practices will help it last longer.
Hi Sharon, I do have an older pack of Mrs. Wages and can find the recipe off it. It is a not a lot different from the recipe on the new packet. All I have ever made uses Mrs. Wages Ketchup Pkgs. I'm just a bit confused over what you real are looking for. Let me know and I'll do my best. Jim Lathrop
You don't have to do any of that. Just buy 3 large cans of tomato sauce. You will find them by the canned vegetables. Also I add 1/2 tsp. cinnamon, 1/4 tsp. of cloves, and 1/4 tsp. of nutmeg and also cut the sugar to 1 cup. We love it!
I dont know if the Soursop Tea is the Key ...I have been giving all credit to God as he is the Ultimate Savior .. However...My son was diagnosed with 4th stageed Colon Cancer...He was given Chemo in preparation for Surgery. He also opted to take a Naturopathic approach , followed a strict oganic diet, took Vitamins and also the Soursop tea I ordered...He began this in September..2013 He went in for his Pet scan before surgery...No visable signs of cancer,,,No traces in blood cultures. He will not be having surgery...6 more sessions of chemo to kill any residual cells and then he is done. I also asked all I met and knew to pray for him 5 church dioscese had him on their prayer lists...I believe that by whatever means he made available to my son...God healed him.
No, they're from the Philippines.
Thank you for you question. You can place order in standard shipping 17 - 26 business days .My handle time 1-2 days , Thank you again for you question. Best Regards. Pramote Chanapak
I make cold tea with it. I use 30 leaves and 4 cups of water, bring it to a boil, simmer it for 20 minutes. It sits for about 12 hours and then I remove the leaves (squeeze them dry) and refrigerate it. I drink a cup a day, cold.
Orange flower water, or orange blossom water, is the clear, perfumed by-product of the distillation of fresh bitter-orange blossoms for their essential oil.
@ Laurie Foster: It doesn't say either way. It does say it's "suitable for vegetarians." Ingredients: 'Bitter Orange Blossoms Water.' There are two recipes; One for coffee and one for Sugar Syrup. It is made in Lebanon. Comes in a glass bottle with a metal twist top that can be closed tightly. Hope this helps in some way :-)
The label only lists Bitter orange blossoms water as the ingredient. It is quite bitter if had by itself...I used it in an Egyptian lemonade recipe, which included plenty of sugar!
Bought in July 2014 - bottle labeled Best Before End 07-2016
It has no alcohol in it. Yes it does have expiration date. Its used for flavoring. It is not for full consumption.
.... It is orange blossom water. It is literally the water of an orange blossom. If you're allergic to orange blossoms you should probably avoid it but it is definitely gluten free
No, you don't necessarily need to refrigerate it. I keep it on my countertop and it has not lost its scent or taste.
Not at that price &lt;g&gt;
It was called for in a recipe. Works fine for cooking, but do not expect it has any cosmetic value.
The bottle bears no certification of Kosher. However after searching Google and the internet, I read that it is accepted by Rabbis because it is a pure distillation of orange blossoms.
30 two bar packages.
October 2015 for my case. Different for everybody i would assume.
Hi, It depends what zone you are in but normally it takes 8-12 days. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
I didn't see any expiration date on any of the cases I have purchased. They are packages in pairs. Each one of to in a light plastic wrapper. Then the two are sealed in an airtight mylar foil package which keeps them fresh until opened. After opening, they dry out in about a week to 10 days. But the sealed ones will last a very. long time. I have had some that were almost 6 months old and when opened they were perfect. I suspect it would take decades for these to deteriorate if they are not opened, which could occur by the hazelnut creme drying out. That creme is the best thing about this wonderful confectionery.
Yes it can be shipped immediately.
To my understanding, this product is not kosher.
depending on where they ship and how they ship we add frozen gel packs.
I believe these are made in France but I am not sure. I ordered them for my neice or I would check the box for you just to be sure. I can tell you that these are far from horrendous, they are wonderful!'
6 packs of two. Order it...best damn candy bar out there
Product was fresh. Had plenty of shelf life. It is something that I always check on everything. I will buy again from them
Yes, I do use it every night before I spread my night face cream. Cortas Rose Water is an excellent product!
I never have. I keep it in the cupboard and it seems to last just fine.
Yes, it smells just like it
Yes, its glass.
I am not sure how to answer this. i purchased it for a medieval recipe that i was entering in a contest. it only required a tsp and the flavor was noticable w/o being overpowering. it is safe to drink and has a pleasant odor.
Currently we are shipping out 98% of our orders the same day as long as we receive the order by 12 noon.
Yep.
This will last for many years...I would keep for a max of 5-6 years. Has a long shelf life.
I store mine for years, as long as it is stored in a dark cool place
The ingredients only list rose water.
They are tiny 0.6oz packets in the shape of jars.
The expiration date. The date was about to expire. The expiration date should be listed on the information about the product.
I don't see an expiration date on the box or the individual container but I have purchased the big jar of Nutella and it lasts for a very long time.
Yes it here is a very small package that has some dehydrated vegetables, carrots and something green. However it is quite small and there are no dehydrated seafood included
Hi, sorry I am no noodle expert but I believe the noodles or more raymun than udon(based on pictures) . However they are thicker than raymun and much thicker than ramen. I enjoyed them very much!
Honestly, we started purchasing this at H-Mart - a grocery store here in TX and it is all in Japenese or Chinese - so I do not know how to read the ingredients - these are for my college student - so he just wants what he wants - oh to be 22 again!!!
Safe? All dry packaged noodles contain preservatives and mass amount of sodium. They are not good for you but you won't die from eating them. (Short term)
Try it- Believe me! I'm Korean and I've eating them for 20yrs- It's my favorite and way better than shin ramyun for me
It is a bit hot and strange compared to top ramen. This is sort of a Korean twist on ramen and to really make it work you need to experiment. Out of the box, few people with western tastes really like it. But, being half Korean and having experimented by adding things like egg and knowing better than using a full flavor packet (I use about 1/4 to 1/3) makes it a bit more palatable. Play with adding onions, chicken, whatever and you may find a way to make it work for you.
More of a sea-weedy fishy than shrimpy. (sounds funny to go back and read again) There's no Noodle Iron Law on how you're supposed to use the packets, other than manufacturer's recommendation. I usually throw the spicy hot packet and the noodles in the water at the same time. If I don't want the full lip-tingling experience, I only use half the packet. For the full seafood flavor (sometimes too strong), also throw the toppings packet in at the same time. For a more mellow taste, just sprinkle on top of the noodles after you've put them in the bowl. Your noodles, your choice.
I assume that the water can be boiled in a microwave and then poured over the noodles in the cup... this is the usual method for such products.
Freeze dried. They may have been fresh at the time they were freeze dried.
The labeling is in Korean, so you may need to look it up online.
The container says "No MSG added".
Nope, but you can use only half of the powder seasoning in that cup noodle.
&#20160;&#20040;&#21619;&#36947;&#21602;&#65311;
My spicy tolerance is above average but nothing to brag about. These noodles get the nose running and are pretty spicy, but nothing that lingers or is intolerable. Enough spicy just to add a perfect kick of flavor.
Neither. Without the spice it is more like noodles in water. Tasteless. But add the spice & wow oh so hot. It turns brownies in color. And has no beef or chicken taste. It is so spicy hot at this point all you taste is the heat.
The Nongshim cups do not come with chopsticks.
Made in Germany by Fabricado en Alemania por Stradtrallendorf, Germany, copied from the box. Very smooth and delicious! Love it!
10 boxes of 8 bars. for a total of 80 bars
No. Each candy bar is the size of one miniature kit kat bar.
No, it is a delicious white chocolate center. They are amazing! I am buying more right now!
Can't remember really . it's been a while since I had them .
The Kinder Chocolate expiration date is 07-15-2015.Hope this will help
If it ships to a hot state.
No, there is only one flavor.
it was 8 boxes
They usually print it on the boxes. In Germany the day is before the month.
The ingredients show it contains beef stock, beef fat so no it is not vegetarian. The ingredients are pictured on the product page.
The use by date is Feb. 13, 2015. I ordered them on June 2nd of this year.
Yes there are two packets, one spice and one is the dried vegetables. You could skip the veggie pack and it wold have no mushrooms. Or pick the mushrooms out and throw the rest of the veggie pack in.
I just checked a package. The #1 ingredient is enriched wheat flour and the package doesn't say gluten free. So, I seriously doubt they are gluten free. Sorry!
People people. This is the original Classic. If it's too spicy put less of the packet in. LOL ... Shin Ramyun is famous for the "hot pot put anything in it you want" especially left overs (steak, chicken, etc...) Both the Seafood and this one are good. I wouldn't say the seafood one is better, it's just seafood base. You can't go wrong with anyone of them.
Either way it isn't good for you. It has high levels of sodium, I love it but try not to eat it often.
If you go to their website and look thru the "Plant Tour"... it says they are fried.
i got frustration free shipping; the noodles came in a case that was wrapped in plastic inside of a box. I think the frustration free simply means that its inside of a box to mitigate any damages. Otherwise the shipping you get is just the case of noodles, shipping packages is not so box friendly and the noodles may be crushed without the frustration free shipping option.
Let's clear up some confusions here. 1. There is no MSG listed in the ingredients. (however, that does not mean it is not in the product) 2. This product clearly states "No MSG added" and that is technically true. No "additional" MSG has been added on its own as an ingredient (and thus it does not need to be listed by itself, because it was not added as an extract" 3. This product does contain MSG; however... virtually everything you eat does. (I'll explain in a moment) 4. MSG is completely safe and harmless unless eaten in massive quantities (which is why its now so rarely "added" and is used more often in its natural state) Now let me explain: Glutamate is an amino acid, found in all protein-containing foods. Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins. This amino acid is one of the most abundant and important components of proteins. Glutamate occurs naturally in protein-containing foods such as cheese, milk, mushrooms, meat, fish, and many vegetables. Glutamate is also produced by the human body and is vital for metabolism and brain function. What is Monosodium Glutamate? Monosodium glutamate, or MSG, is the sodium salt of the glutamate. When additional MSG is added to foods, it provides a similar flavoring function as the glutamate that occurs naturally in food that contains protein. MSG is comprised of nothing more than water, sodium and glutamate. Do you understand? Any food on the planet that contains water, salt and protein contains a natural source of MSG. MSG is so common and so universally present in all naturally occurring foods that the FDA does not require it to be listed as its own ingredient unless it is added from a concentrated source as a separate ingredient. So, why do foods still have MSG in them? Well, if you use mushrooms, beef, or any of the millions of other foods that naturally have protein, salt and water you automatically have MSG in it, its a naturally occurring substance in food. So how do you naturally increase flavors? Add more seasonings like ground mushrooms and dried beef powders. So, why did MSG get such a bad rap in the past? When MSG as an extract became popular there were chefs who began adding it "in addition" to normal salt and other seasonings. The problem with this method is MSG contains sodium. When correctly used MSG is harmless and just as vital to our bodies as salt is. However, sodium in any form can be dangerous at high levels. Extreme doses of sodium lead to muscle fatigue, headaches and eventually death. So the problem is not the MSG it was the incorrect use of MSG in some restaurants who were combining high levels of salt in addition to high levels of MSG extracts, in addition to the naturally occurring MSG already in most foods. So should you avoid MSG? No, just like you can't safely avoid salt. You will die without salt, water and protein in your diet. However, you don't really need extra either. The amounts that occur naturally as part of your food intake should be sufficient. And if you do ever decide to add your own MSG to foods (the accent brand is quite popular) than you should correctly reduce the amount of other salt and sodium sources you would be putting in the food. So, does this product contain MSG? Well it uses dried mushrooms and beef seasonings so the answer is yes. But natural sources of MSG are safe and if there is any concern at all it should be with your total sodium intake which should be regulated to meet (and not exceed) your needs. The product correctly lists "no MSG added" because they do not add it as its own seasoning, but simply use normal foods for flavorings that already contain MSG (which is 100% impossible to avoid unless you stop eating water, salt and protein)
We ship it with ice packs. Select Expedited shipping for best results.
yes - it is refrigerated at the grocery store.
It's liquid with live cultures.
No
Yes
It is similar. This one is from Lifeway and we do not carry the Evolve brand.
It can last for a week or two ; it may last longer but I haven't left it more than two weeks.
Life Way does not use cultures from powder form. This is life but frozen cultures that used for Life Way and Fresh Made kefir.
No. Instant yeast is similar to active dry yeast, except for it is more "alive", which means you can mix it directly with dry ingredients instead of having to soak it in warm water before use. If you're substituting instant yeast in a recipe that calls for active dry yeast, reduce the amount by 25% and mix it directly with dry ingredients. Edited to add: I do highly recommend this yeast, though. I use it all the time and keep it in a Ziploc bag in the freezer between uses, and it stays active for 2 years, easily. Probably much longer than that.
I still have one pound left from my last batch, purchased within the past year. (It has a wonderfully long shelf life!) It's Fleischmann's Instant Dry, made in Canada and distributed by ACH Food Companies out of Tennessee. Top section of package is red, center is yellow, and bottom portion is blue.
Joann B. my date was sell by 4/20/15. But if you keep it in a sealed container and frozen, it'll last much longer. Hope it helps. Robert
I've heard it will be good for up to 2 years
Yeast, sorbitan monostearate, ascorbic acid
Instant yeast is nothing more than fast acting yeast. Use the same as any other yeast 2 1/4 teaspoons in most recipes, the same as one packet of yeast. You are wasting your money buying bread machine yeast. Even though it is not necessary, I like to proof my yeast.
Yes and that is how I use it. I can't tell any difference between this and "bread machine" yeast. It also makes the bread taste better than a store brand yeast bought at the supermarket.
I don't think it's a full 5 inches more like 4 and 3/4. It's a wonderful pan though. Makes great Greek coffee
Have no idea! But it is sturdy and nice :)
5 cups or 10 pints, at this level it is full.
I'm guessing it will work on an induction stove as it happily clings to a magnet.
Mine measures 4..25 inches or approx 10 cm. It is not stamped with the international symbol for induction cooking.
RED
The ones in stock now are red.
It's 24 oz = 3 cups
I think it will be OK.
I think it's barely legal not to list the ingredients, isn't it?
No way to know for sure. No ingredients listed. Halva is not supposed to have corn syrup only sugar or honey as sweeteners which are sugars and just as bad as corn syrup, i.e. Sucrose, Glucose, Fructose are all sugars. The seller is an importer not the manufacturer
They were throughout not just on surface. Very delicious.
Hi Eileen, It's a brick of a soft chalky consistency so it's easy to cut into pieces. We just sliced it and ate it like candy. Delicious if you like the sweet nutty/sesame flavor.
As your name would suggest I would think you are vegan. In that case I would recommend contacting the seller directly to ensure they have Halva that is not sweetened with Honey. Some versions can use honey instead of sugar as the sweetener.
Your statement was sent to me as a posed question. You started this nonsense by denigrating my opinion. You reap what you sow. Time for lunch. A nice juicy hamburger.
Ingredients are not listed. Contact the seller, I guess.
It says, a few lines below the price, "Product of Greece".
The halvah was manually wrapped in a plastic sheet. The ingredients were not listed. No expiration date was provided.
Shipping does not double. It is determined by the shipping weight.
product came to me in a clear bag as though I purchased it fresh from the local deli. I research the origin of product and found that it came from http://parthenonfoods.com. and that site stated it was a product of Greece.
Sorry, no list of ingredians came with it.
As far as I could determine it is made with ground sesame, sugar & chocolate. I don't really know the ingredients since I did not make it. My review on this Marble Chocolate Halva was advertised as "Deli Fresh". It was NOT fresh. It was DRY, crumbly & arrived after a long wait with greasy residue all over the box. I would not purchase this again, nor recommend it to anyone else. Very disappointed.
No, it has been milled.
No it is not that would ruin good Basmati
yes, true basmati rice needs to age atleast 1 year to have flavor. Rice as long as kept dry and pest free can be stored for years.
Yes. White.
I couldn't tell you about pesticides used, but in general, rice does not absorb pesticides except arsenic, which is found naturally in the soil. Rice grown in the southern united states is often grown in soil where cotton used to be grown. Heavy amounts of arsenic were used as a pesticide for cotton which remains in the soil. That is not the case for Indian rice. Anything sprayed directly on any white rice such as this rice would be 100% removed in the milling process which grinds off the outer layer of the rice kernel. Basmati rice naturally has a strong "chemical" smell, the stronger the smell, the fresher it is.
Yes, corned. Smelly delicious salt cod. Smallish fillets, love em
Maria, it is a definite yes. The cod is salted and will last a very long time in the freezer. I rinse thoroughly prior to using and freshen in cold water in a large pot for about 8 hours and change the water every couple of hours. Makes great cod patties. As a child my mom would serve in the winter time. It was a cheap meal back the mid 50's at 59 cents a pound.
Not in my opinion..First you have to soak the bacalao in water overnight, that's after you've rinsed it at least three times, then rinsed it again after you've soaked it overnight. The best thing to do is use fresh or frozen cod to fry. It taste and texture is much better..I bought this because I love to cook Jamaican food, and Ackee and salted cod is one of my favorites..delicious. I wouldn't attempt to fry it as with fish and chips. After soaking, it can be used to make cod fish cakes, but then you'd have to boil and break it up to form the patties or cod fish balls. Hopes this helps.
2- 5 days depending on your shipping option.
Iberia peninsule, started preserving the cod with salt, for the difficult times. It become a tradition to cook during the winter lholydays!
I called parthenonfoods.com (1-877-301-5522) and I was told either Norway or Canada BUT he was not 100% sure.
per their website cow milk
I've never weighed it, but it looks to be the weight of just the feta cheese judging by the size. Great cheese and economically priced for anyone that goes through as much as I do. Everything tastes better with feta! :-)
check with Parthenon Foods http://www.Parthenonfoods.com
The cheese comes in a block in salt water. You can cut off the size you like then crumble if you like or slice into the sizes needed.
There is no info on packaging, traditionally feta made of cow milk except hilly places more suitable for sheep or goat.
Yes the cheese comes in brine. It is shipped with cold packs. Suggest you get fastest shipping possible.
Yes.
Yes it is Kosher. The chickens that supply the eggs are not raised for food and the product is from Switzerland
Sunflower oil, vinegar, egg yellow (egg from naturally held chickens) mustard, iodized salt, sugar, herb extract There are no preservatives or any kind of gross things in it. It is what it is. This mayonnaise has been the mayonnaise of an entire nation for close to a century, THOMY brand is one of the most well known and used brands in Switzerland, and it's quality is above anything you will find in the USA.
Pursuant to reading the side of the can, other than the listing of a few ingredients (e.g., lemon, paprika, salt, pepper...), it does NOT provide the amount of miligrams with regard to sodium. As a Hungarian who assumes normally a "no-added salt" diet to keep me from retaining fluid in my legs, I do not taste a huge amount as opposed to the amount of paprika, which I can assume safely should be no more 100 mg per serving. I must add; however, that the rub REALLY enhances the flavor of not only fish (e.g., which is what I purchased the product for) but also beef and fowl. I hope I answered your question to your expectations. I recommend trying to conduct an Internet search on "amount of sodium in Szeged fish rub" or their website to try to obtain additional nutritional information. Sorry that I could not provide you with a better answer more relative to what you were seeking exactly--that's an excellent question.
Paprika, pepper, salt, lemon juice and "spices". The recommendation is to let fish rest 1/2 to 1 hour after rubbing. I'm not sure how the lemon juice and "spices" work out, I think onion and garlic powder, maybe so me thyme or basil? I use dried ground lemon peel sometimes, but can't figure how juice would be in powder form. It is a rather good rub and I use it on all sorts of fish, (sole, cod, rockfish, tilapia usually) baked, roasted, and grilled. It works very well with fish 'a la spencer' style. I will try the previous users comment on vinagerette and rice. It's a delicate rub and not over powering like a lot of fish rubs are.
Ingredients listed on can are: Paprika, pepper, salt, lemon juice and spices. For more detailed information, I suggest contacting company direct.
It is one big bottle containing 800 mL...
No it does not
Bottle has a sealed tab, once cut off, top twist to open.
I'm not sure if this item is Kosher. However it is made in China not in Germany which completely surprised me. I suspect it may not be Kosher.
It is made in China
Dale it has Wheat Gluten as one of the ingredients.
No
Yes.
This company doesn't offer ANY shipping! It gets close to your delivery address, then they cancel the order and ship it back. They claimed I moved, but it was shipped to my post office, and I sure as hell don't live there! Incompetent company, order from another that also sells on here.
No I don't see an expiration date. But if they are sealed and in a cool place they should last a long time.
If you mean "wrapped separately", yes they are.
Yes.
Hmmm... ?!?! Ya got me, girlfriend. All I know is they work like a charm for running around NYC.
Serving size-2 bars, calories-180, total fat-6 gr, Sat fat-0.5 gr, cholesterol-0, sodium-160 mg, total carbs 29 grams, dietarty fiber-2 gr, sugars-11 gr, protein-2 gr. Hope this helps.
96 bars. Each pack has 2 bars. It is a great buy!
There are 48, 1.5 oz, 2 Bar Pouches.
Yes we sell the Nature Valley Trail Mix Bar, Fruit & Nut 1.2 oz bars total of 48 bars for total of $37.81 You can call our office 425-818-5066 thanks
I'm sorry not at this time
label says may contain peanuts, almond and pecan ingredients.
Google it to make sure... But I did a quick check, some say yes (people online) & some say no (the company)... So I'm not sure how to answer your question...
Yes
1.4oz for a pouch, 0.72oz for a bar.
pointsplus!!
The bag I had said Made in Turkey on it. There is a taste difference compared to Gummi Bears from Germany.
Regular size
150
These are in fact the German made product.
Its Germany they are authentic
Dextrose is added to stabilize the iodide. Iodine is vital to the proper functioning of the thyroid gland and the prevention of goiter. Personally I have changed to Himalayan pink sea salt. Not because of the dextrose addition, but because it is more pure and very tasty when used in my crock pot meals.
sea salt, calium silicate(anti caking agent), dextrose, potassium iodide, sodium bicarbonate
From the label: Ingredients: Sea Salt, calcium silicate (anti-caking agent), dextrose, potassium iodide, sodium bicarbonate.
Hi, I just saw your question. My fiance and I stir it into a bowl of miso soup every night and it helps us sleep very soundly. So this is more of a savory recipe which I think you might like: Ingredients for one bowl of miso gelatin soup: 2 cups of boiling water 1-2 Tbs Gelatin 1-2 Tsp Miso Paste (we like to use Westbrae Miso which can be found at Whole Foods, but any Miso Paste will do) 1 Tsp Tumeric 1 Tsp Coconut Oil 1/4 Tsp Paprika dash Cayenne dash sea salt (none if your Miso is high in sodium) Add all ingredients except water to a large bowl. Boil water. Pour over ingredients in bowl and stir until everything is dissolved. (don't cook everything in the pot...to preserve the probiotic properties of the miso) Drink an hour or two before bedtime. It is very soothing and yummy...no weird gelatin taste... You will sleep very soundly and also have vivid dreams. enjoy~
I dont know, if you can find out for me/I would appreciate the answer I was wondering the same thing/only didnt know how to find out. thanks, Celia
I did ask. I was told the country of origin is U.S.A.
I would love to know?
You can find basic substitutions here: http://www.stevia.net/conversion.html NO the cake will not turn out if you simply replace the sugar w/stevia. Sugar is actually counted as a liquid in recipes, so the liquid must also be replaced. For each cup of sugar use 3/4c. water or other liquid: This is because a cup of sugar, once melted, is only @ 3/4 of a cup. In this example, you would use approximately 1 and 1/2 tsp. of stevia; and 3/4c. plus 2 Tbsp. of water as your sugar replacement. This may still need to be altered slightly to suite personal preference for sweetness.
The powder in the jars is pure. The powder in the packets is not. The amount of pure stevia needed to sweeten one serving of a beverage is so tiny that if they put that in a packet, it would seem the packet is empty. So they cut it in with other ingredients whenever you buy stevia in packets. The exact ingredient description on the 1 lb. plastic jar I bought: "Certified Organic Stevia Extract Powder (Stevia rebaudiana) (Leaf)." Nothing else.
I don't think it does. I drink this every morning in my coffee. However some people's pallets may be more sensitive. It is one of my favorite brands of stevia, very high quality!
I don't think it is any different than sugar. It is a powder and I have never had it harden or react to humidity. I have bought it in bulk (by the pound) as well as packets, which are more expensive, but practical for carrying in ,your purse or luggage when traveling.
according to there website they have two facilities. One is in Bloomingdale, Illinois and the other is in Sparks, Nevada. Hope that helps you!
The stevia extract powder does not come with a measuring utensil of any kind. It is important not to confuse the packets with the powder.
No. It is one jar contain 4 oz. stevia - I use this to refill a 1 oz. bottle.
Prefer powder, when mix with water, dissolve immediately, therefore economical and easy to travel with.
The packets go quick. I think it is better to get the powder, but you can cook with it. Somewhere I read 1t = 1c of sugar, but I say about two 2 t =1c sugar. I am making banana bread in the morning with it.
I purchased the larger one to save money because it is so much cheaper on Amazon. I did purchase the smaller ones originally from my local Vitamin Cottage and on the 1 oz size I have which I use to only put smaller amounts in from the bigger size says Certified organic, "Non GMO project verified". I hope this is helpful. If you have not used this product before, it comes with a tiny little spoon. Its important to use it. Because you don't use very much of this product. I use one mini spoon in my coffee so this product lasts a long time. Well worth the money. Have a great day!
Organic...very sweet
I personally have not purchased Teavana's German Rock Sugar but I have done some research. Research indicates both are from beat sources. NOW beet sugar is in a form similar to cane sugar but is actually a little sweeter. The Teavana sugar is in a much larger crystal form that takes much longer to dissolve. I was not able to confirm if the color difference (white for NOW, brownish for Teavana) was due to less processing of the Teavana sugar or additives. The NOW brand foods are not genetically modified according to their website http://www.nowfoods.com/Quality/our-non-gmo-commitment.htm, however, I saw research that indicated the Teavana sugar was from genetically modified sources. I can not confirm or deny this statement as I was unable to confirm its authenticity. But with a higher price and the lack of data on ingredients, I chose to go with the NOW foods beet sugar.
There is nothing on the package indicates that. Now Foods claim that their products are organic.
Genetically modified organisms
Yes. It is regular sugar. It is made with sugar beets instead of sugar cane.
No I do not believe this is organic or non-GMO certified
Hi! No. It is in powdered/granulated form. It is sweeter than cane sugar, so you do not need as much and it has less calories. In Europe, it is the most commonly used type of sugar.
yes
I've got a melitta cone. Love it. I've used (and loved) Chemex, as well as some french presses, and auto-drip systems. The chemex is nice, but the filters are expensive. Auto-drip systems just make bad coffee. It's really hard to get the best taste out of your beans with an autodrip system. The Melitta, on the other hand, does just fine. Here's the thing though: You gotta use the correct amount of coffee. The SCCA recommends ~8 grams per 5 ounces of coffee. I found a lifehacker article that recommends 60 grams per liter. The point is, these people who are making weak coffee have simply discovered that the melitta requires you to use more coffee than an auto-drip maker. Oh yeah, edited to add: It works with folgers or other packaged, pre-ground coffees just fine. Why? Because the "dwell time" on the mellitta is very short compared to auto-drip makers, which actually are doing a terrible job (underheating the water and letting it stay in contact with the grounds too long). If you want strong coffee, use more coffee. I think you'll love what you get. Most people, when you say strong coffee, think BITTER coffee, because that's how it's been made. Someone made a second pot with the old grounds mixed in with some new, or it's been evaporating all day on a burner. Really, what you have there is over-brewed, burned coffee. I think that's the type of coffee these folks were looking for, thus making the melitta taste "weak" in comparison.
Yes, but just a few. I haven't opened the little package. Maybe 4 filters? They are #6 which are not as common as the #2 or 4. But my little tea kettle will hold 8 cups so I just a #4 filter with this. It is a very nice coffee maker.
No, your cup style filters will not work. I bought a case of melitta #6 cone filters in June and still have 4 boxes left and I make 2-3 pots a day. Think I paid $24 or so for the case which was very cheap. Problem in my area no one sells #6 cone filters. Hope this helps
Hi Charles - This will brew 40 ounces but I usually don't make that much. We usually fill two cups after brewing and then store the rest of the coffee in a large thermos to use during the day. Hope this helps.
We use it in our camper and it has a gas stove. You can warm up the coffee in the carafe. I wouldn't leave it on top of the wood stove. It does have a plastic handle
The black part on the top is removable, it comes with a separate lid for carafe usage. I brew once or twice a week and store the whole bottom section in the fridge
I would put it in a cup and then heat it. The carafe is thin but gets the job done.
The cone on these new Melitta's make the pour go through faster for some reason. I also grind the bean very fine. I pour the water very slowly always getting the grind on the sides. It took awhile to tweet it. I also use more coffee than recommended. I like strong coffee :) Good luck!
No. Heat the water in a pan or kettle, then pour it through the filter atop the carafe.
I took the challenge and made a small amount of hot chocolate water. As a diehard chocolate lover, it was actually pretty good if you are expecting a thin drink. You might find it lacking while in the comforts of home, but while camping, it would probably be a treat. Just my opinion. Remember to mix the powder with a small amount of liquid before adding the rest of the liquid.
Yes - it's a powder. Ingredients: Sugar, cocoa (cocoa solids 25% minimum), salt and flavouring. Add hot milk and enjoy!
Better. It mixes creamy and rich. Not grainy or sugary at all. I've been drinking this in Australia for years. I travel to London to stock up. I'm a fight attendant so it's not as exotic as it sounds. .
I received mine on November 21st. Just checked the expiration date (bottom of the canister) - March 13, 2016. Ain't NO way it's gonna last that long! In fact, while I have it in front of me... ;-)
This mix is best a hot beverage. Perhaps if you put it in a blender it will do for a cold drink....
Capital T is tablespoon. Small t is teaspoon. I'm pretty sure the calories per serving would include the whole milk you mix it with unless specified otherwise.
It depends on your taste. I prefer a stronger drink hence it didn't last long. If I remember correctly it's not a large container, but soooooooooo yummy. ")
Plastic one
no, but they are gorgeous. mine came as a small plant so it will take several years for it to bloom. i grew one several years ago only it was a peach-colored one. really beautiful.
They like some sun, but the plant I got was damaged and died. Don't put in the shade if you go with either buyer, they do like sun, mine didn't stand a chance with the leaves clipped and it being so tiny. I looked so forward to seeing this grt!ow and bloom, what a disappointment, good luck with yours!!
My plants stay outside during the late spring, summer, and late fall here in North Carolina. They will have to be brought inside for the winter and do well with little to no attention. Less is more when it comes to watering.
I received a plant. I am not sure how it began.
Use any good potting soil. In zones 8 and below plants can go outside, but where there is hard frost plant in pot. Repot when bulbs and roots fill the pot, as they like to be tightly potted. I in zone 7b like to bring mine into an unheated garage window area with good light and let the soil dry a little. Water in winter only enough to keep the leaves green and the bulb from shriveling. Bring outside into dappled sun- shade area in early spring when hard frost is done. Keep soil moist but. ot soggy during growing season. Buds usually form in January and February. and will be in feudal glory several weeks later. (Water every three weeks or so in winter.). Mine always have three or four huge orange clusters. I just got two yellow ones this year, babies, so have them outside to GROW UP.
No, the plant was already dead.. It was horrible.
Jerry Keller writes: Each package of milk powder is packed in an heavy duty clear plastic bag. I do not know if they are sold except in these bags. Check amazon description page to see further packaging if available. The product dissolves easily, and is fine tasting.
Yes, and it says so on the Label.
As a rule the shelf life of the powder milk is several months past the expiration date. I would however question as to why they are sending you merchandise that close to the expiration, I would ask for a deduction in the cost if you don't chose to send it back. I found that my local warehouse food club sold this item at a lesser cost than I paid online.
howdy J. Brinich, the instructions say that it makes 87 one-cup servings. 87/16 = 5.4 gallons. hope that helps, lee
I'd describe it as more like powder. They provide a scoop.
I need ship this out oversea.
I placed my order on Jan 9, 2015. The product is labelled 'Best by October 2015'. So, I have 10 months before it Expires.
My container of Carnation Instant Nonfat Dry... says "Best by Jun 2015".
this company has a lot of products under their better than bouillon brand - you can get answers to your question from their website which is http://www.betterthanbouillon.com/default.aspx. As an example if you look at the vegetable base link you can see a 'Nutrition Facts' button to expand and show the required minimum data. One teaspoon = 680 mg sodium. The organic version is 700 mg. Their FAQ site is a good read: http://www.betterthanbouillon.com/faq.aspx because they address some of the issues I originally raised in my review. Please inform yourself about the specifics for MSG and maltodextrin. The company uses what is legal to use in identifying their products meeting USDA current approvals. There is no mention even in their 'Organic" line of using NON GMO sources so for me the organic label is not actually viable or ethical to use even if it meets current federal guidelines. The company says it uses QAI, the USDA approved private company based in San Diego, to be able to claim the 'Organic' label. It is interesting to me to review the current USDA QAI definition of 'Organic' and why for me the addition of NON GMO is actually way more valid. The data below shows you can get an 'Organic' certification with no need to claim this also means NON GMO which it clearly does not. What is organic? An organic production system is managed in accordance with the Organic Foods Production Act and the National Organic Program to respond to site-specific conditions by integrating cultural, biological, and mechanical practices that foster cycling of resources, promote ecological balance, and conserve biodiversity. Source: USDA - National Organic Program 2001 What does "certified organic" mean? "Certified organic" means that a nonprofit, state or private certification organization, accredited by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), has verified that products labeled as "organic" meet strictly defined organic standards. I hope this information is useful even as I went way past just the Sodium question.
Vegetarian No Beef Base= No palm oil, Organic Vegetable Base= No palm oil,Vegetarian No Chicken Base= No palm oil & Organic Mushroom Base= no palm oil. Please note: that I don't know about their other products since I only purchased the 4 listed above. I hope this helps you. Hal
Carrot, celery, and onion are listed in the ingredients.
For certain, the organic version is non-GMO; it must be to be certified. Wouldn't go that far on the non-organic; most animals are fed GMO crops, so even if everything else is non-GMO (probably sugar is GM, and possibly the yeasts), the beef and chicken extracts have been eating GM, even if they aren't....
Hi there, I use this (it is very good) and did not think it had MSG, but wanted to be sure. Just checked the ingredients and there is no MSG. Maltodexterine was the only item I don't much about. Hope this helps.
No gluten on the label. Yeast extract is the only carbohydrate in it......
What I bought was a three pack. It was very clear from the Amazon posting, though, that it was a 3 pack. Perhaps what you are looking at is a single? Gosh, I hope they haven't stopped carrying the 3 pack. I use this stuff often, and the 3 pack was such good deal.
Yes, serious, do not spend more than 6 bucks on it, find it in stores!
Please review all the online resources available to help identify what is in food - I suggest http://www.truthinlabeling.org/ as a starting point - my experience is that because there is a growing awareness with all of us consumers for the dangers of clearly labeled MSG and the ways our bodies feel and behave in ways that do not feel good as we clearly ingest MSG that we have chosen to bypass many popular brands that did label honestly MSG as an ingredient. So there is and has been a very deliberate practice from the production food industry to use flavor enhancers that provide the very same chemistry but could be labeled without saying MSG directly. Read about the traditional acid bath technique to create "hydrolized" anything from plant sources and it might make you ask if yopu want that plant residue in your body in any form. There are newer techniques using genetically engineered (GE) bacteria to achieve the same result so the bigger question might be to ask if we want labelling that honestly lists all the GE food sources and GE processing done to what is in mainstream prepared "fast food" in every delivery system. Read Dr. Mercola's website for some of these food additives and his take with research noted for the harm these products do in our guts and therefore our entire bodies. I am a vegetarian but if I wanted a great chicken stock I might suggest doing what our grandparents did before all this post world war 2 food science and simply buy organic chicken and organic vegetables and slowly cook together to create your own chicken stock free of all this food chemistry. The slow food movement is something to learn from in my opinion. As an additional note for all of us who are pet owners I encourage just as much care in understanding what is in all our pet foods and requiring clear and honest labelling. For American humans and animals the legacy use and continuing and growing use of adding more and more GE sourcing and processing has kept food prices relatively low while causing medical costs and the need of those services to skyrocket. It is noted that buying organic and non GE costs more at the point of purchase but in my humble opinion in total costs is so much less than forcing our bodies to take on the burden of battling and digesting all the GE food stuffs delivered to us.
Don't give honey to a child under one year old!
It is a plastic jar. The BPA rating on the jar is 1.
They don't rate their honey. Check their website; they say that ratings are not reliable. All I can say is this: I have tried many Manuka honey, with ratings 10+, to 20+, and supposedly higher (they changed the rating system by the way); and, this honey is as good I have had. Hope this helps!
124731
Don't buy that one! I bought mine for 35 I think. You can find one cheaper but look for the high pollen count.
I don't remember. Sorry
This doesnt list the strength. It needs to have a UMF number dont look for just any old number some producers are putting Active numbers etc, doesnt mean a thing.
I am not sure. Each chew has 3.5 grams of sugar. But it is recommended for those taking statins.
Contacted manufacture they are experiencing shipping problems but they are still making the chews.
I have had great success with this product, I've been taking these for 7 months. My doctor is thrilled with my numbers and I'm thrilled too.
It has the OU dairy designation. It contains sugar, corn syrup, nonfat milk, cornstarch, soy lecithin, glycerine, salt and the usual natural and artificial flavors. I don't know if vegetarians use milk.
Well, interestingly enough I am a dentist(33 years). I found that one can place Benecol in mouth and soften with your saliva till it almost melted away. I would suggest that for a denture patient. Hope this helps.
I have taken Benecol Smart Chews almost every day for more than 5 years, and my bone density test results were normal a couple of years ago. I have not heard of any bone density problems from Benecol Smart Chews or any other Benecol products or phytochemicals.
Thank you for your interest. Yes we ship to UK
Relatively soft at room temperature but firm if kept in the fridge. Wouldn't try them with false stick. Tend to stick to teeth.
There is corn syrup listed as an ingredient. As far as being gluten free, you would have to call customer service for Benecol products.
Serving size: 2 smart chews. Calcium 80 mg. (as calcium carbonate)
Definitely. Looks like picture. My friend was very grateful as it was a gift.
Dear Sonny: I can not answer this specific question. Sorry, but this plant didn't live very long. It died not more than a month after I purchased it! Hopefully, the plant will live longer with you - Happy Holidays.
if it is shipped by "hirt's gardens", a heat pack will be included. Make sure the seller is "Hirt's Gardens" for high quality plants and customer service
The loose leaf jasmine tea is far more superior than the pre-bagged tea. The flavor is fresh and more defined. I've read some reviews where people complain that there aren't enough "flowers" in the loose tea, but that's not where all the flavor comes from. I'll never go back to pre-bagged tea again.
Yes, it does have flowers but be aware this is an "every man's tea" and it isn't packed with them. It doesn't have a heavy Jasmine taste like it did years ago. I still think it is very tasty.
I, cannot answer that question for you, since I could not find an expiration date on the tin. If it's written in Chinese, I wouldn't be able to read it, anyway. SORRY!
These aren't leaves. They are crumpled leaves and stems. It sort of looks like oregeno or perhaps if you stuck it in a zip lock bag it might look like some illegal. I'd stick with the mesh. Personally I use a tea-maker and put in a coffee filter.
The one I got really is a big one, definitely not just 8 ounces. It really is one pound of dried tea leaves.
I'm quite sure this is "green tea."
Yes it does contain leaves & twigs. This is the tea you would get in an average Chinese restaurant.
I'm sorry I have no idea
...
The box does not say it is.
Hello Sherri -- I have 9 tins in stock. The tins is silver. The design has color of gold and some of the flowers petals are pink, but the tin is silver. Amazon picks the photo from all the photos sellers submit-- and -- the photo that appears is not very accurate, especially with that purple background is awful. I don't know which seller put that up. My image is excellent and shows the beauty of the silver tin. I hope this helps. Lana from Lana's The Litttle House. http://www.amazon.com/Wedding-Sachets-Vintage-Harney-Sons/dp/B000NL3X8M/ref=sr_1_16?m=A359JBJEN6ZVNE&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1394423095&sr=1-16
The tea is in sachets, but each sachet is not wrapped individually in paper or plastic.
I can't say for sure that it's the exact same flavor but it is close; it definitely has that old time taste of bubble gum from the past.
It says on lable that 1 piece has 4g.
ridges
3.7 pounds.
It has Dextrose,corn syrup(Glucose),corn starch,and high fructose corn syrup.It sure tastes like the bubble gum I had as a kid (I"am 64)but then I never read ingredients labels.
Based on a lifetime history with Dubble Bubble, I think of them as regular size. It just happens to be a great value.
Unfortunately, I don't know.
No it doesn't.
Yes, just like all gum :). This ain't heaven.
Ms. Cherie O, I did some further research and found out that the company that was in Canada, Concord Confections, was purchased by Tootsie Roll Industries back in 2004. Tootsie Rolls headquarters is located in Chicago but they market in Canada, Mexico and 75 other countries. So, no, this gum is not made in Canada. Here is a link for your review--&gt; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tootsie_Roll_Industries I hope that helped. The Gum Connoisseur
Absolutely!
yes
34 oz. , and addictingly delicious.
Did not come in a manufactured box. They were all loose and pushed inside of a post office box. That's how I got them.
Yes it is silver color wrapped
No they're just white wrapping.
No inulin.
jan.31,2015,i bought this 4 or 5 months ago.and yes it can be frozen.great product.
The ones I ordered in November had an April expiration date, FYI.
http://www.pamelasproducts.com/all-recipes/
Yep, sure is! The mix has several different grains to replace the wheat flour, and the specks are normal. And the GF recipes on the bag work! We use it for almost all our baking!
http://pamelasproducts.com/frequently-asked-questions/#nonGMO "At present, we are in the process of joining the non-GMO Project to certify our products as free of GMOs. We will apply the non-GMO Project logo to our packaging as we become certified in the following year. Pamela's Products has been in the Natural Foods Industry for 25 years and have always used quality non-GMO ingredients. We have statements from all our suppliers that to the best of their knowledge, their raw ingredient is free of GMOs. In addition, we randomly perform 3rd party testing on our products to ensure they are GMO-free."
February 2015
Its a 4 pound bag. However, I buy the 25 pound bags because they are so much more economical.
Yes, I have used it for all types of recipes. Just remember both the bread and baking and pancake mix have added ingrediants such as salt, xanthum gum, leavening agents and in the pancake mix, buttermilk so reduce those items in the recipe. But, what I have come to rely on most for just a flour mix is Krusteaz.
I had 6 months on my bag from purchase date.
From the can: "Hand picked Chinese black teas are carefully blended with cinnamons, sweet cloves, orange peel, natural and artificial flavors" Caffeine content: 40-60 milligrams."
I haven't used milk in it. It gets sweeter the longer it steeps, it doesn't need anything added to it. They also make it in a decaf form. If you go to the Harney and Son's website, they might have a better answer for your question. It is also sometimes available at Target.
Both taste and smell the same. I've noticed that the hot cinnamon spice (which I was sent when I actually ordered hot cinnamon sunset) is a little cloudy in taste compared to the sunset which isn't. The leaves look smaller. It doesn't appear to have quite the same quality as the other. The tea leaves for sunset spice also appear a tad darker. I am not sure why one (the cinnamon sunset) states HT on the can along with the Harney and Sons name while the other does not. The cinnamon sunset's ingredients state hand picked Chinese black teas while cinnamon spice's can states blend of black teas.
No, there are not any artificial flavors in the tea. Harney & Sons are some best tea makers and have won awards all over the world and they don't use artificial flavors or preservatives in any of their teas
yes.
Hi Ellen, This tea comes in a box as well, please search Amazon item number B000OQU81G. Best Regards, NetRush
Yes
Black Teas, 3 types of cinnamon, orange peel, natural and artificial flavors.
I wonder that too.as far as I can tell, nothing. I drink a ton of it, and I've had both kinds of packaging.
Bought for my Wife She adores this stuff. Originally bought at a Barnes & Noble. They come in Silk sachet String bags. Look like regular tea bags but silk she says that one of her favorite features Awesome tea Great flavor We keep 2 cans on hand at all times
I had a lot of trouble finding this formula and having it shipped in a timely manner. I finally signed up on the neocate website. It was easy to do and they ship faster then the second party amazon shops. (I did order from amazon for several months) They also offer discounts when you buy in bulk or sign up for auto ship. They will ask the name and location of the doctor who recommended you use the formula but they do not contact them. After 13 months of using this formula and stage 2 products I can say that there site is the way to go. Hope this was helpful.
Don't but it an Amazon, It's almost overdue!! What's worse, the new formule is quite different, It makes my baby of allergy again!!
buy a Lastas and two came dented. The box that came was in perfect bone NUTRICIA sold me so. THAT BAD
The one I recieved was Sept 2014.
Sorry, I had given it to my friend
There's no way to find out the exp date unless you either see the cans or contact buyer. My both kids had to be on it, we bought a lot from amazon, but usually you will finish the can before that. They do not have a lot in stock also because of this reason. Actually, nutricia website sells this much cheaper. Nutricia is the original distributor, i did not find it out until my second child started neocate. Hope this helps!
Feb 2014.
You probably can, but I would soak the seeds first to soften the shell, and start it out in a small greenhouse environment with humidity to start the germination process.
I bought them thinking I could, but after putting them in water with no sprouts, I deemed them infertile.
Chicha Moranda (corn based drink from Peru) Rinse and add whole pack to a pot 6qts water 1/2 cup cloves 4 sticks cinnamon skin and core of a whole pineapple bring to a boil then drop to med partially covered for an hour or so Strain into a pitcher and add less than a cup of sugar and squeeze in a line slice. Chill and serve over ice. Extremely refreshing
Yes, my bag states "USDA ORGANIC".
It is not the popping kind. Also, heating it for popping will degrade a portion of the antioxidants (anthocyanins) that make this stuff so awesome...:)
I would say order it and see. Amazon will let you know if it cannot be shipped, but my guess is yes since this is a grocery item. What you do with it when you get it is your business.
My shipment says imported from Canada.
No it does not. It also makes the cooking liquid a dark color. However, it does not statin your teeth. It cooks the same way black beans cook.
The water will be dark, but the lentils remain a shiny black color. They're delicious, and very healthy.
Very slight tinge in water after cooking. Stays dark. I boil for ten minutes or so, stir and let cool in the hot water because I like them firm and not mushy. Made the lentil salad today and itt pleases so many. Calls for pomegranate, green onions, chopped fresh mint and mandarin oranges in a basaltic/ olive oil/ lemon dressing. Try it. Oh, and chopped toasted pecans. How could it miss?
Yes they are. It does not say on the box but they are individually stamped "ou"
Yes they are. It does not say on the box but they are individually stamped "ou".
The packaging doesn't say gluten free per se, but the ingredients do not list wheat or gluten... sugar, corn syrup, lactic acid, lots of food coloring. It looks gluten free to me. :)
Grape is included as well as cherry, raspberry lemonade, strawberry, and watermelon
I bought this more than 3 years ago and from the reviews I've seen, you can't really predict what you're going to get.
Just throw a packet or two in a mug and add hot water.
Yes it is be blessed!!!
only one pack with 4 different flavors. Mapple and Brown sugar, Cinnamon spice, Apple Cinnamon and Original.
Sorry I haven't notice that and they are going really fast in my household .
I would just try typing in what your looking for. not sure what your asking.
For the flavored packets (which are Maple & Brown Sugar, Apples & Cinnamon, and Cinnamon & Spice) serving size is one packet and there are 160 calories (20 from fat), for the plain "Original" it is 100 calories and (20 from fat). I just read the response from "Dragon Lady". I agree. The nutrition you gain by eating this product is far healthier then most of the other cereals out there, plus its oats which is healthier for your heart. Plus it is delicious, easy to make and convenient. Yes, sometimes I prefer cold cereal so you may not want to use this exclusively but I believe it is an excellent and healthy food choice to add to your pantry.
Not flowery delicious
16 oz.
yes and yes
Bring water to a boil take it off the burner, then put jar of honey in it for 10 minutes the flip it over , it softens the honey!
I ordered some this summer that is dated 2/2017.
Yes it is. It is a glass jar with a honey comb print near the top of the jar. Excellent quality.
Yes its raw, unprocessed, organic. It is not from one type of flower. That is monoculture farming and not a practice of most organic farms.
Dried blueberries have to be sweetened or they wind up like hard leather. These are sweetened with cane sugar.
Cane sugar is on the ingredient list.
USA.
I guess it depends on which sushi restaurant you're comparing it to and what kind of green tea you like. This is what is labeled as their "traditional" green tea, but it has a smoky flavor that I dislike in a Japanese green tea. If you compare it to the Yamamotoyama Sushi Bar Style and Kirtland Signature Ito En Matcha Blend green teas, you'll smell and taste the difference.
Japan. An excellent, smooth tea. No harsh aftertaste like so many others. Finely ground so lasts several cups with no bitter aftertaste.
July 10, 2016
This is the smoky one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004S8N7S2/ref=oh_details_o05_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 (Brown rice flavor) This is the regular green tea: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003TIYVPK/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Love them both. :-)
It is not certified organic as it is imported from Japan.
I bellieve the list includes 100% matcha tea and is blended with Xylitol for sweetner. I must admit that I generally don't mind the taste of xylitol, in this case it alters the taste of the match tea in a negative way.
Yes you can. I mix it with both hot water and milk. When mixing with water I noticed I needed to use more mix to fulfill the flavor.
16 oz
We do not have a pictureof the powdered mix currently but it is Matcha green tea powder mixed with Xylitol which looks just like sugar
I truly don't think so. How does one prevent bees from touching pesticides ? If it's raw, it's raw, I have had both and no difference in taste. I think it is marketing.
yes it is raw honey and taste simply great
Yes!!, not too hot,'it will melt like butter' !!
yes
I order this quite a bit and I've received both. It comes well packaged and I've never had a glass jar break. I'm in Afghanistan also and it takes about 10 days for the box to reach me. Excellent product overall!
No
Individual cups. But I've found I can get two cups out of one sachet.
Little over 4 1/2 inches tall with lid on each side is 3 1/4th inches hope this helps you
That is a cool idea! the dimensions are 3 1/4 inch x 3 1/4 inch x 4 1/2 inch (height)
I think you're confused because the item is an add on...which means with their program, you have to add on $35 worth of their "add on" products to get the free shipping as advertised. If you try and just buy this tea alone...then of course you have to pay extra for shipping!
I emailed the company and this is what they said: The xylitol in our products is derived from the fibrous or woody parts of Non-Gmo corn stalks and cobs. There is no corn kernel in the xylitol, so those with allergies to corn have no reaction to it. It is also casein and gluten free. Because there is no grain in the product, there are absolutely no micro-toxins found in our xylitol (It is tested for such impurities in the manufacturing process and as a finished product). The corn-derived xylitol does not require hydrogenation, like xylitol from birch trees, and since it comes from a renewable source we're able to keep it affordable for our customers. Our Xylitol is manufactured in China. We are aware of the concerns that people have with products being made in China, so we do take extra precautions. We package all of our products here in the U.S. so we are able to inspect them before packaging. The FDA also inspects and approves. We also send a couple of our representatives to China around 6 times a year to check on the facilities. I can assure you that all of our products are safe to use. It is the pharmaceutical grade and is at least 99.8% pure.
I healed my bleeding gums just putting it in my tea every day
Yes you can, however, be aware that Xylosweet doesn't dissolve like sugar. Some of it will eventually settle to the bottom of the pitcher and/or glass. So you may need to stir it on occasion. Also, be sure to start with small amounts and see how it affects you and/or your child's digestive system. It can work as a wonderful regulator for some, but it also causes some people to run to the bathroom. I don't have a problem with that at all and don't notice a difference in any way, but my husband does, so just be careful. He'll use it on occasion specifically to "get things moving", and he uses it in moderation to sweeten things, but he is careful not to overdo it. I have used it for cinnamon toast. Yum! I also make sugar free and gluten free lemon bars with it.
100% pure xylitol - No fillers, flow agents or other additives.
I had to use a can opener. But it sure is worth the effort. Tamales are wonderful.
They are not hot at all. In fact, they are on the bland side. I don't recommend for eating them as an entree unless you are including other ingredients -- cheese, sour cream, etc. I use them primarily to mix in with a cheese dip that I make.
The label does not tout it as gluten-free, but in addition to the meat and spice, the ingredients list only corn--no wheat or barley.
The use buy date is in 2017
Serving size is 2 tamales and for that it is 60 calories from fat. Total fat is 7 grams, Saturated fat is 3 grams. I hope this helps you, Therin. These tamales are so enjoyable. They make a for a great snack.
The date is stamped, very faintly, on top of each can. The cans I bought last month are good till sometime in 2016. A long shelf life.
No, they are not the same.
Currently we only sell in larger quantities directly. However, i will look into this to see if we can get larger quantities available for our Amazon customers.
less than 1% salt.
No
Just as you do any spice-dry, away from sunlight and heat.
No. It comes in a plastic pouch for the 4oz size and a bottle for the 2 oz size.
I no longer have the original package, but if I recall correctly, there is no added sodium, just a mix of spice.
sorry, my bad....the "ras" has an "ah" sound to it. my apologies
The "bad" stuff is in the non-dairy creamer in this particular version of Gano. Their plain Gano without the creamer is made from organic coffee and the Ganoderma Lucidum mushroom. Here is a copy of the Nutrition Label from a box of Gano 3-in-1... Ingredients: Coffee, Sugar, Non-Dairy Creamer (Glucose, Corn Syrup Solids, Palm Kernel Oil, Sodium Caseinate (from Milk), Potassium Phosphate, Sodium Tripolyphosphate, Mono- and Diglycerides, Datem, Riboflavin, Sodium Aluminum Silicate), and Ganoderma Lucidum extract.
The "health" aspect of it comes from the inclusion of the Ganoderma mushroom. I wouldn't personally call it a "health product" because of the other ingredients. But it tastes so darned good, I don't care. I love this coffee!
There are 20 Sachet inside. Please note these are sachet and not the cups.
I add the packet to a cup of hot water
No is not! reading other reviews I found out is bad, it contains chemical. I stop drinking it.
I purchased this for a friend with fibro myalgia, she claimed it helped alleviate her pain. I have never used this product.
.45 fl. oz...13.5 ml
it is half the milligrams in a single drop.
I put 2-3 drops in a little water due to the strong taste. I have been using this at least once a day and have noticed a huge diff. with my sinus problem. It even helps if you start to have the cough/congestion if you take it right when it starts. The bottle is .45oz.(13.45ml) Recommended serving is 2 drops daily, there is 216 servings per container(off label).
Black coffee and Ganoderma Lucidum
The box says it contains ganoderma extract, but does not break it down to what each satchel contains. The coffee has good flavor though. I only wish it had the ganoderma powder (like another brand I now order) and not just the extract. Also, please note that mushrooms help thin the blood (in case you are on blood thinners you want to seek a doctors approval first).
yes, it does have coffee in it.
its made in Malasia and distributed by Canada, as far as I can tell.
Just black coffee with the ganoderma.
The expiration date is on the bottom of the cartons. The ones that I presently have, have Mfg. February 2014, exp. Jan. 2017, Mfg. May 2014, exp. April 2017
expiration dates on bottom of box.
I really do not know, but I do know that I can drink several cups and never have he feeling that regular coffee with caffeine gives me. No jitters
There should be an expiration date on the box. Return expired items - Shame on them for sending them to you in the first place!
Just instant coffee powder and the ganoderma lucidum extract in these packs that I get
i checked out the order and it worked fine for me,i ordered 3 added to my cart then deleted please try again its 12:11am here click on the one for 4.50 add to cart then edit and add a total of 3 it should work happy easter make sure to get milk choc.
It is been awhile but I googled and found this: Sugar , Vegetables Oil ( Coconut , Palm Kernel ) , Cocoa Butter , Milk , Chocolate , Soya Lecithin , Emulsifier(s) , Lactose , Barley Malt Powder , Flavors Artificial
I just looked over the label. The only warning was to children under three due to a choking hazard for the ribbon.
hollow
I have not tried this, but I think that you could dissolve some of the citric acid in water and put it in a spray bottle. I would try a small amount first; if that is not successful, increase the amount of citric acid slowly. I use the citric acid in homemade dishwasher detergent. I had the problem of white residue on glasses and solved the problem by increasing the citric acid.
one or two teaspoons depending on how hard your water is
Yes, it is food grade. I use it to flavor baked chicken, and several soups. It tastes delicious, and a 5lb bag lasts forever and a day as long as you keep it dry. (I store mine on the same shelf as my bag of rice since I live in a humid place, and it never clumps anymore.)
yes it is food grade and packaged well. I use it for cooking and canning.
yes that is what I am using it for
I would start with 1/2 tsp. it won't take much. I think it might be trial and error.....
Specifically, no. But some articles mention it s a replacement for lemon juice in formulas. Being pure acid a lot less would be needed.
No.
I have used it to descale my express coffee maker boiler. About one rounded tablespoon in a quart of water worked for me. This solution should be heated to near boiling for several minutes in the coffee maker. When done rinse the coffee maker several time with clean water to remove all citric acid. CAUTION---do not use with an aluminum coffee maker---it could be badly damaged
Yes it can but you could also use baking soda and vinegar with some hot water to clean out your electric water kettle.
Ganoderma have benefits like strong immune system, control blood pressure and cholesterol. Also this coffee taste good.
It has non dairy creamer.
It is listed as DXN Black Coffee with ganoderma, it is not listed as 2 in 1.
mine is not specific. only states Ganoderma extract and instant coffee. One sachet (packet) can be good for 2-3 cups because it is rather strong. I usually make 2 cups out of mine and it fuels me good :D I suggest you check on DXN Lingzhi coffee website, maybe that might good you specific info.
How do you know that has aluminium?
Yes it does. It's not overpowering. It's just the right amount. It's taste good. I enjoy the cofee.
I would say no. It has non-dairy creamer, which is hardly organic. The box doesn't have any indication that the coffee beans or the lingzhi come from organic sources.
For me, basically each packet has enough for two cups of "coffee."
Packet label: Ingredients:Sugar, non-dairy creamer, instant coffee and GANODERMA Extract. Manufactured by DXN Industries, Malaysia Has a printed web site: www.dxn2u.com
1200mm
The shipping is stacked, The more you buy the less the shipping cost will be per item.
The bag is the same size as a $.99 bag of chips like you would by from a convenience store, such as Seven 11. Don't buy just one or you will be very disappointed because the mango is great. I bought these on a monthly basis when I worked in Iraq and would always order about 4 bags each in the mango and strawberry. I hope this helps.
You can pay me 75 as total (already including the shipping fee) if you want! Hope to hear from you soon!
free domestic shipping for any sizes of order. Feel free to order what ever quantity you want. Thank you for your interest in ToysDiva.
ALLERGY WARNING: Manufactured on shared equipment that processes Milk, Wheat, Crustacean Shellfish, Peanut, Tree Nuts
No
Ingredients: organic cocoa powder, acidity regulator, potassium carbonate. May contain milk, soya, nuts and cereals. Suitable for vegetarians. ( I just quoted from the container, hope it help)
Peacenik, I recently purchased this product and have recently used it to make a chocolate sugar-free frosting. It is amazing...very smooth taste. So the ingredients say that it contains organic cocoa powder and for the acidity regulator, it uses potassium carbonate. It says that it may contain milk, soy, nuts, and cereals. This is in all caps after the previous two ingredients. I am thinking that it is processed in a facility where these other things are processed so if you have an allergy, you might not want it. But these items are not part of the ingredient list.
Hello,It doesn't say on the package if it was heated or not but it says it has an acidity regulator of potassium carbonate. That and cocoa are the two ingredients . Not sure if this answers your question. It also is organic and fair trade. It's very good.
No it does not contain DHA
I found the following doing a quick search: * Green & Black's Organic Chocolate. Green & Blacks produces one gluten-containing chocolate bar - its Toffee bar, which contains wheat-based glucose. The company does not label any products as gluten-free, and has this statement on shared facilities: "We take into account scheduling of products and we clean the lines by flushing chocolate through until there is no notable trace of the previous lines' chocolate in the new batch. We are confident that the cleaning procedures are robust and eliminate traces of nut, cereal or dairy ingredients, but the only certain guarantee of absence is by manufacturing in a nut, cereal and dairy free site." http://celiacdisease.about.com/od/GlutenFreeSnacks/a/Gluten-Free-Chocolate-Bars.htm
No soy or gluten
nothing
Yes. It is AWESOME cocoa. You can taste the difference.
Organic fair trade cocoa powder Potassium carbonate to regulate acidity There is no sugar or any other ingredients.
Should work fine. Might want to try the four ounce kit though. The six ounce kit makes ALOT of popcorn. I have a six quart Whirly pop and have used the 6 ounce kits. It fills the popper right up to the lid, actually pushing the lid open slightly when its fully cooked. It might be too much for the West Bend, unsure. I would probably get the 4 ounce kit first, see how much it does and plan accordingly for next time.
Yea, what I do is just squeeze it out. It's messy but for the price you can't beat it. I'm not sure about the solidified. Mine is kind of thick. I don't worry about it because once I squeeze it out it all liquified and still taste good.
As a rough estimate, mine came in a box about 1.5'x1'x4" (l x w x h). It was a decent size, as a comparison, about the size a laptop comes in, but deeper.
I haven't physically measured the amount produced, but I can estimate it. My popper's outside base dimensions are 17.75" by 14.75" and an 8 oz package of this corn creates about a 2" depth of popped kernels. If I deduct a quarter inch to better estimate the interior dimensions, the total volume the popped corn occupies is 523.625 cubic inches (17.5" x 14.5" x 2"). There are 16.387064 cubic centimeters in one cubic inch (~8580 cc of popped corn) and 236.588237 cubic centimeters in an 8 ounce cup, so my popper makes around 36 cups of popped corn using this product. Take note that this is just a rough estimate and wholly insufficient for commercial production purposes - not all poppers are the same and not all batches of raw corn produce the same volume of popped corn.
Yellow
1 bag for an 8oz pot
Yes. You can use this in a pot on a stove. Just keep shaking the pot until it all popped.
That is the same amount that i use and its never stale. i looked for a date but have threw away the box.
I'm sure more than 10 cups. I'm not for sure but I'm estimating. Usually one 6 oz bag - I can feed 4 people with popcorn containers & have some left in the popper.
I have a Stir-crazy popper that is 6 quart and I use the 4 oz. pack and it is just right. I would think the 6 oz. would be perfect for an 8 oz. popper.
It's normal. Coconut oil is solid at cool (around 70) room temperature but it's soft enough to easily squeeze out. I think somewhere around 80 F it melts and changes to a liquid. I just squeeze the solid (but soft) coconut oil into the pot and enjoy!!
It states that the serving size is one ounce and that there are 8 servings per container. Per serving the back states that there are 150 calories per serving and 70 calories from fat
Yes but only half the pack of kernals and oil at a time, the kettle you bought can only handle 4 oz at a time.
I don't know if the product is derived out of GMO's. Most plant / animal sources are these days,
I have never tried it in a microwave popper but do not see why the smaller packs would not work. The packs come in 2.5, 4, 6, 8, and 12 ounce sizes. I have always used a West Bend Stir Crazy popper with the 6 ounce packs.
I don't know for sure but I don't see why not. We use a popcorn machine...like a miniature theater machine. Sorry for not having a better answer for you.
I never tried it in an air popper...we have a big popcorn machine that I made it in that uses oil. I think it would work, but might not taste as good.
Yes. That's what it's made for
Patrick, what I can tell from looking at the packaging it is nut free...perhaps contact the company for additional confirmation.
Yes, I used 6 oz packages in our 8 oz machine
I had a similar experience on my first popping then I realized that I was allowing it to remain in the popper far too long. Its like w/microwave popcorn - never leave it while it popping, and when popped kernels slow to between 1-2 second it should be dumped from the popper. Another thing I realized is that even though I have the larger popper, this bag w/oil salt, etc. is quite large for this popper so I no longer added the entire bag of kernels (removed about 1/3 cup) and its been great ever since. I even filled the smaller popcorn bags and passed those out w/mini candies for Halloween in 2012. Hope this helps.
I read some reviews on your popcorn popper.... one person said they use coconut oil and it made the lid hard to clean and eventually warped it, so I would not put this in your popcorn popper. also, it makes a lot of popcorn and would probably be too much for you popper. this popcorn is great.... you could try a pot on the stove, but still it is a lot of popcorn. Maybe try to find a 2 oz packet premixed. I always recommend when using this to pour out some salt so it wont come out too salty. Great thing is the coconut oil is healthy! for your popper I read that someone uses very little olive oil and then adds salt and black pepper.... that sounded good. Good luck!
You are better off going to the store and buying a jar of Orville Redenbacher and regular oil. Otherwise the package is cut into 3rd or 4ths depending on how much you want to pop. When we tried to pop 1/3 alot of the kernels did not pop but 1/4 of the package worked fine but was very very messy so we managed through the popcorn and went and bought popcorn and measuring spoons/cup at the store and that worked best
It doesn't say anything on the package about GMO's. It does say gourmet popcorn.
The 4 ounce package will fill a 4 ounce popper. You can use a smaller package or amount, but I think a larger package will just spill from your popper or not be popped. You'll be spending money you don't have to if you buy a larger package for a 4 ounce machine.
My popcorn maker has been used only once for our Halloween party. I was not the one popping the popcorn and was not present during popping. However, I was the one who cleaned the machine and was amazed at the amount of unpopped kernels. The next time it is used, I will do it and see if the same thing happens. We use the 8 oz. size.
I don't think so doesn't say on package
I had the same concern after I had purchased some off flavor from the same type. I contacted great northern the told me to contact amazon. Also I was concerned that they advertised coconut oil but the packages state it could be a blend of oils. I started buying the bulk corn, 100% coconut oil by the gallon, popcorn flavoring by the gallon and popcorn salt. You will come out about the same with expiration dates and 100% coconut oil if you buy your own, no guessing.
Yes it is
yes they are each in their little completely advertised packages. NO clear wrappers like in the old days..
Moon Pies are made by Chattanooga Bakery, right here in Chattanooga, TN. Chattanooga Bakery has been manufacturing Moon Pies since 1917.
Here is the ingredient list from their web page: Ingredients: Enriched Wheat Flour (Niacin, Reduced Iron, Thiamine Mononitrate, Riboflavin, Folic Acid), Corn Syrup, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Sugar, Palm and Palm Kernel Oil, Defatted Soy Flour, Soybean Oil, Dutched Cocoa (Processed With Alkali), Cocoa, Kosher Gelatin, Baking Soda, Soy, Lecithin, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Sodium Sulfite.
same experience! too bad - very disappointing as they weren't like this when I was growing up in the south
16.63 THE WHOLE BOX....EACH BAG IS 8OZ.....24 BAGS TOTAL....YUM...
No, they are the size of bag that are in vending machines.
Sure
All peanuts...the product description is wrong.
1.0 oz per bag.
December 3 2014
I do not know. Do not have any left to check. Sorry
I am unfamiliar with Good Earth but I think this is a very unique flavor. The Harney Hot Cinnamon (regular tea or herbal) is a very intense sweet cinnamon flavor- it doesn't burn but it sweetens the beverage, as if you had added honey. The orange notes are subtle rounding out the flavor and the black tea flavor is ever so noticeable. I am totally addicted to the flavor/sweeteness. If you have never tasted it and like/love a strong (not subtle) cinnamon flavor it is worth a try.
It's 50 tea bags! If you like Red Hots candy you'll love this tea!
It should be, I order 1 box and it indeed came with 50 tea bags
I don't know, but here is the company's customer service number: (888) 427-6398
i actually checked their website and they insist that there is no sugar in this product! it's almost too good to be true, no?!
The company is out of New York but it doesn't mention where the tea comes from.
I use 6 bags for 8 cups (2 qt) iced tea
yes
Yes
hi i never had the sunset tea i bet its just as good
The Lingzhi Genseng Tea also has a Mushroom in with the tea. The Korean version of the Reishi mushroom. This mushroom had been reported to help with the immune system and fighting cancer and also alergies. It is also reported to help with asthma. This is just the information that had been passed on to me by an herbalist. I am not a professional herbalist.
I believe the only ingredients are ginseng and sugar and I think the ratio is 1:1. Contact the company via www.popus.com for more info.
Box says: Net Wt. 0.7 oz (20 g) 10 bags x 0.07 oz (2 gm). Not enough to really flavor a cup of hot water. I add it to a 12 oz cup of hot Earl Grey Tea which makes a nice cup of unusually flavored tea. (good)
is this product Korean red Ginseng tea ? How many packets in a box ?
Hi-- I bought 2 of these--1 for me and one for a friend. Mine has yet to bloom but my friend's has. The flowers are about dime sized--different than I expected as another one of these I own has very small flowers.
these like full sun with regular feeding and watering. i've even grown one in my pond. of course I must start a new one each year, as it isn't hardy in coastal va. no problem, tho, as the cuttings root easily. while in sanibel, fl 2 yrs ago, I saw some beautiful, huge specimens. love this plant! blooms all winter, less profusely, in the house. I use espoma flower tone, an organic planet food. love all their products, tomato tone is great. most recognizable and easiest to find is holly tone,
You need to make cuttings and root them.
Are you asking about the Crown of Thorns when I got it? If so probably 3" to 4" long and there are many - it's a very nice, full plant. Very pretty with it's red blooms.
How to transplant this plant from a plant that is very tall.
Yes they were, but the same great flavor. I just prefer the larger ones.
The box mine came in was about 12" X 12"
One order was approximately the size of 8 x 11 and about 4 inches thick? It was impressive! I love these jawbreakers. You would need a big place to store 30 to 50 packages.
assorted pretty equally
They're about half an inch
It's been a while since I ordered but what I remember was that I couldn't believe how many were in the bag. I had jawbreakers for months. They were great too!
Ron, I can only speak of the product that I received, & they were definitely Ferrara Pan.
I've kept the bag on the pantry shelf and it has stored just fine for almost a year. No noticeable spoilage. But I'm no expert. (Never even considered the fridge as I keep all my dry baking goods in the pantry.)
The exact same.
I don't make any distinction between the two, I use Pernigotti in sny recipe that calls for cocoa. It's the only cocoa I want to use.
Absolutely! What time is dinner?
$9.99 flat rate directly from ChefShop.
1 T Pernigotti cocoa powder 1 T granulated sugar 2 T hot water 1 cup milk 1 tsp vanilla extract Pinch of cinnamon Combined cocoa powder, sugar and hot water to make a paste. Add hot milk and stir till well combined and frothy. Add vanilla & cinnamon to taste. Pernigotti cocoa powder is my go to cocoa for all my chocolate baking: cakes, brownies, truffles...
No they are not Haribo gummies,
They were harder and a lot bigger in size.
Smaller....almost the size of a gum drop...awesome flavor...way better than haribo.
NO, these do not fit.....you can manage maybe with taking out the top pod holder and balancing the filter on the top, but it does not fit snugly and too much water bypasses the coffee and waters down your cup.
No, these ONLY fit the Philips Senseo machine. No other machines.
No. Models HD7800 - HD7842 only.
I read a review on one of the Eco-pod filter set ups for sale on Amazon by a man who bought the Eco-pod marked as HD7810 to use in in his SL7810 and he had no problems. He wrote he made great coffee. Sorry I can't find the exact link for you, it was written in ~2010.
Ingredients: wheat flour, palm oil, salt, sugar and CMC, soup base ingredients, kaffir lime leaf powder, lemongrass, powder, sugar, msg, chili paste, chili powder, palm oil and artificial shrimp flavor.
No
I got the correct order. It is unfortunate that you didn't. You should contact the seller.
as far as i can tell it is not organic
I just attended and Asian Expo and purchased all three of these so I will share with you what I learned. To answer your first question, yes. All three flavors are vegetarian. Here are the ingredients for each flavor exactly as written on the can... RED CURRY: "Dried red chilies, Garlic, Shallot, Salt, Lemon grass, Sugar, Kaffir lime, Galangal, Spices (coriander seeds, cumin, cardamon)" GREEN CURRY: "Fresh green chilies, Garlic, Wild ginger, Shallot, Lemon grass, Salt, Kaffir lime, Sugar, Galangal, Spices (coriander seeds, cumin, cardamom, turmeric), Pepper" KAREE CURRY: "Dried red chilies, Shallot, Garlic, Soybean oil, Sugar, Salt, Fresh turmeric, Lemon grass, Spices (coriander seeds, cumin, cardamom, cinnamon, bay leaves, lesser galanga, cloves), Galangal, Curry powder (whole mustard, fenugreek, wheat flour, chili powder, fennel, black pepper), kaffir lime" I was told green curry is the most popular in Thailand. Being in Southern California (where Mexican food is prevalent) I am used to hot foods but I think many others could find it on the hot side. I was also told the red curry was the hottest of the trio and the karee curry was the least hot. I liked this product over many of the others there because it didn't have any weird stuff like food coloring, MSG, preservatives or stabilizers. Amazon prices are always great but I wish I had bought more because it was C-H-E-A-P at the expo. I'll know next time!
The can says a serving is 1.5-2 tablespoons depending on the curry but it doesn't say how many servings there are in total. This product is meant to be mixed with coconut milk and other items before being served over rice or noodles too. I suppose you could store it in the fridge but I'd try freezing it if I wasn't going to eat if in a few days. There are directions on the can but I watched a lady cook the green curry. She fried half a can of paste in a small amount of oil until it was fragrant. Then she added a can of coconut milk, swirled in a little water to get the last bits that were sticking to the side of the can, a tablespoon or so of fish sauce and maybe a half teaspoon of palm sugar. When it started to boil, she added deboned chicken. When the chicken was nearly cooked through, she added (cooked) carrots, (defrosted) green peas and (canned) bamboo shoots. Samples were served over rice noodles that had been soaked in water until soft and then heated up on the stove prior to serving. It probably took 15 minutes from start to finish but the veg were already cut and rice stick had already been soaked. D-lish!
Because these are a "Product of Thailand" the labeling differ somewhat. However, there are allergy warnings on each can. The Red and Green Curry pastes include a warning "Manufactured in a facility that processes peanuts and sesame." Only the Yellow Curry paste warns "Contains soybeans, mustard, and wheat." All say, "no color, no msg, but preservatives added." As for taste and authenticity, this stuff is the real deal - restaurant quality in your own kitchen - a True Fan of Maesri curry paste.
No peanuts or sesame. Just really, really hot!
Do you mean after they've been opened? Because otherwise there'd be no reason to freeze them since they're in cans which should last years and years if unopened. So, if I did get that right, I see no reason why you can't freeze some of this maybe even in a small Tupperware or plastic bag with the air sucked out of it. If you haven't had it already, it's really really good stuff. Enjoy!
As with other canned/tinned items, the expiry date is in the order of years from manufacture.
There is 530mg per 1.5 TBS/serving size. When you dilute with water, that amount goes down.
Yep, I received two cans of each type.
So far I have tried the red and the green curry pastes. They were both pretty spicy. I would not recommend if you have a low tolerance.
Hi ,I read the label of ingredients and have not found any animal products in them .only plant bases .hope this helps .also I have tried the variety ,yellow,red,and green and the green is very hot ,do don't use very much unless you like it spicy .I prefer it milder .tge flavors ate excellent and authentic
yes you can. the bottom of the gumball machine has a screwing hole for a stand to be mounted. its bigger than a size of a quarter. hope this helps.
yes anything from the small gumballs or smaller. its a pain but the machine can be adjusted to how many comes out
I think you could HOWEVER moisture might get inside the machine along with warmth and cause the Jelly Beans to stick together. I do not have a problem with gumballs because they have a harder outer crust. I would say "Give it a try" but have gumballs as back up. Hope this helps
I bought two. One is small, just right for my daughters desk. ABout the size of a cookie jar. The big one, is beautiful. It is larger than the average one you find in businesses. It is very nice. I bought gum and even small toys for it to dispense and gave it to my lawyer brother for his office.
Yes this item can be personalized on the globe. The globe is glass and can be etched at an engraver.
As long as the m&m's are not bigger than a gumball, it should work. Yes, the coin taker can be turned off. The instructions are included
No it doesn't come with anything other than the machine .
the money is very secure. the machine has to be taken apart to get the money out. it is very nice. highly recommended!!!
This particular machine is not available in Blue. We do have something similar in Silver or you can spray paint it to customize it.
Not sure how many lbs but it will hold almost two of the containers of gumballs sold at Walmart. It's a lot of gumballs.
I bought one (1) bottle. It has 15 ounces printed on the label. See picture to the left.
Without Copper, I doubt it will help with gray hair. All the research I've read says it must have Copper to help with Gray hair and only " Melrose Blackstrap Molasses " sold in India and Australia have Copper in it and it is very expensive and most sites won't ship to the USA.. If anyone knows a brand sold in America with Copper in it, please post it here.
The name includes the word "organic", so it appears the product is pure in the way you mean. We have used Plantation Blackstrap for 35 years. When we researched for the best blackstrap back then no one used the word organic, but our research revealed Plantation was not just lowest in sugar, concentrated in minerals but made without unwanted chemicals. I am missing one kidney and my spleen. Plantation Blackstrap has been critical in protecting my health.
Glass
I don't know. I have never seen blue label since I first used 46 years ago.
Yes it covers my gray hair nicely. I think copper is one if the components in this product.
I bought it and the label says it does NOT contain Copper.
Sorry, this product is from the US. However it is very good. Perla
its over 4 weeks that i have been using this and i havent seen any visible improvements in my grey hair but i can assure that it will take well over a month or so to work.. but my facial skin has improved 1000 times, its much more softer, cleaner, and no pimples of any kind.. my bodys energy levels are great and no energy loss.. additionally my hair is been looking great, silky, thick and less dandruff of course.. i am sure it will work samantha. try it
No it says right on the label no MSG. Great spice I use it all the time and this size is great.
There is no salty taste at all. Only herbs and spices. This particular condiment is excellent if you are looking for ways to cut the salt but still have flavor.
No, it is not to the best of my knowledge. Nor does it state so in the product description.
Hello fellow Amazon buyer! I have this coffee pot and like it a lot. I pour boiling water into the porcelain pot before making coffee. The pot heats up and when I am ready to pour through, I empty the hot water from the pot into my coffee cup. The result is coffee that is actually hotter than coffee made in electric coffee pots that are boiling water drop by drop. In electric pots, the water loses the heat rapidly. So, it is possible to get a very hot, fresh cup of coffee from the Melitta. However, the heat does dissipate. I use a dishtowel to cover the pot if any coffee is going to sit for a while. I hope that I have answered your question! I do recommend the coffee maker.
I ordered mine a couple months ago. I have had no problems and love it. It makes wonderful coffee. The porcelain is fine on both pieces. The lid is perfectly fine and the safety nubs hold it nicely when tipped...if you turn them so they aren't aligned with the spots used to insert the lid into the pot. I am just waiting for amazon to carry it again so I can order s backup. Don't want to pay the shipping from the other supplier. Hope you enjoy as much as I do if you order!
China but oddly enough, it is of excellent quality. Not the exact measurements of the original German made Mellita but still a good buy.
On my melita teapot the opening is 2 3/8" actual opening. Not 2 1/2"
The filter cone is made in Germany & the porcelain carafe is made in China. I am very happy with this item, & I am very picky about the quality of my coffee.
I haven't tried but it would fit. It's a great pot. I use it every morning. You won't go back to what ever you are using.
36 oz.
The same as a regular coffee maker
Yes it does... Even when the coffee cools, it does not taste old (unlike the coffe machine - thermal or carafe... highly recommended !!!
Unfortunately it only has the pour spout, not like the older models. I have three of these now, if you are interested, $25 for one. They apparently quit making the ones with the hole under the spout 20 years ago, or more.
product came refridgerated perfectly. once opened, I made it my goal to use the whole thing within a week. it was good to last sushi seven days later.. hope this helps...
This is just 4 ounces of the orange flying fish roe.
to the best of my memory...its just Roe. i ordered several at the same time for New Years and didn't keep the product labels but i didn't notice anything except the roe.
I bought it for a surprise party. It came with cold packs two days before the party. I save in the refrigerator until the party. The left over were in the refrigerator for 4 days more and it was not spoiled. I don't know how long it last.
Because it is a rip off. Pure and simple. I suckered for it. Don't you do it, too.
Mix equal parts sugar and this product and place in a container that you can secure the top of. Sugar attracts the ants to this source. Poke holes in the bottom of the containers so the ants can enter to ingest the product. They will eat it and carry it back to the nest where it will either kill them or render them infertile, there are two schools of thought on this - but it certainly does work even on those HUGE carpenter ants that are downright scary looking. In the beginning, you may need to reapply every year or two. It only takes a small amount of borax. Borax has some toxicity and shouldn't be ingested, it is much less toxic than commercial ant killer, and you don't spray it around the house. Safer for you, your children and pets. Been using it since I was a teen and I'm in my 50's now and still telling people how well it works. It also works on some roaches but since I can't tell one breed from another can't tell you which ones.
Yes, it will kill mold! But you have to know how to use it for each item. Where is the mold?
It is not a chemical, it is all natural since 1891, it is a detergent booster. Also used diluted for toilet Bowls, delicates, carpets & rugs, dishwashing and more. A 4lb box will last a very long time, and best of all it works. Thanks for asking!
The only ingredient is sodium tetra borate. It is a naturally occurring mineral which has been mined in the Mojave Desert in California since the 1800s.
Unfortunately I used it for cockroach killer mixed 50% borax with 50% powdered sugar put into a picnic clear ketchup/mustard bottle and shaken together.. It worked great for that.. AS for cleanign a washer I have a front loader and I use a cup of lemon juice on a hot cycle to clean up stains and another run wtih one cup vinegar if there is an odor problem. I do know that if clothes have picked up the odor froma washer, washing the load with one cup of borax gets rid of the odor.. Hope this helps
It most certainly can, I have used it for a while and am more that happy. Best of LUCK :)
Yes - says for all washing machines including "he" here: http://www.20muleteamlaundry.com/detergent-booster/boost-your-detergent/ One thing to note: we just got a front loading machine. It says to put the powder in with the clothes instead of the detergent tray. I'm not sure of the reasoning behind that. My wife put oxi-clean powder in and there was a hardened ball of it that didn't get broken up so just make sure all your solids are not clumped up when putting into the machine. I just put the borax into the liquid tray with the liquid. Not recommending that. Not discouraging it either. ******One thing: check local prices. My wife informed me that this is less than half at the local grocery store from what I paid here.*******
Yes--add 1/4 c to bottom of dishwasher-takes all the calcium spots off the dishes
I also have hard water and have no problem with the product though I have been told that it works better with soft water. I think it performs better with as a booster to your regular detergent. Hope this helps.
If my math is right, this will make aprox 13 gallons of milk. That would make the cost $3.97 per gallon. Hope that this helps.
well I never made it by the gallon, but it says 3 heaped tablespoons is one serving and that makes a cup of yummy milk. there are 104 servings per 2500 gram can. so 104 cups = approx 6 gallons. milk is yummy so can has never lasted that long, but it has a sell by and expire date of about 2yrs if tightly sealed. hope this helps you
I have only followed the directions; however it is very rich tasting and probably taste fine with either less milk or more water. I would buy a small container and experiment with it. After trying so many dried milk powders I find this one best. If you do like skim milk try to find milkman as that used to be my choice of dried milk for a very long time before I discovered Peak. you can find milkman powdered milk on amazon, just type in milkman powdered milk.
Hello, I don't see why not. I've used it for making yogurt before. Not by itself, but I have made yogurt with all dry milk and then 1 cup of cream before from a recipe and it turned out fine. Dry milk is used to make yogurt thicker, and many recipes call for adding some quantity of nonfat dry milk if you want thicker yogurt...
I don't know how long it will store; but I've had some over 2 yrs. and it was fine when I opened it.
I have my forvmore of 10 months after open in my pantry , and still great flavor
it makes approx. 6gallons
It taste like what you you will expect your best milk to taste. No strange scent or taste; nothing to irritate you to vomit
Firstly gelatin does cause allergic reactions to some people & may get serious too. Then Muslims are not allowed to use non-halal sources. Vegitable based items are safe & all religions allow its use. IMHO if a medication; specially non-allopathic, helps improve better life over should use it! I hope you get the idea!
I have 90 caps in my bottles. Best bounce for the dollar I've found. Work great!
i don't think it does, but i'm not certain. i'm trying another product just now to see if it is as good as this one. i tossed the empty bottle, and don't have the product info. it did work very well for me. cjg
They are not shelled. They come with a green shell that must be soaked for 24 hours and then taken off. Time consuming but delicious when cooked.
Dried - they look healthy.
No. you have to soak them overnight and individually peal them when they soften.
Their seeds so unless they have been heated or treated with something should sprout.
I don't know, but the ones I got were ra,w so I would think there is no gluten. Even the roasted ones are baked with salt and maybe a little oil! I would ask the seller! Bill
Whole nuts.
They were raw. The batch I received was stalled. I wrote them and no answers.
No shells ; just yummy Mac nuts. &#128516;
Our macadamias and the packaging are long so I don't know, but if you're really gluten sensitive, I'd suggest contacting the seller directly since suppliers, manufacturer practices, etc. can change over time. :)
No, this is not organic. Davidson's and Frontier have organic Hibiscus tea.
I boil my water, remove from heat add hibiscus, sweetener, ginger, let sit for about 20min. let cool, add lime juice. strain, add ice and enjoy,
I don't know, if you find out, please let me know. I really didn't even think to ask.
Not at all. I had heard that you can eat the flowers also like chips or something. But they were dry and less than flavorful. They made the bomb Jamaica though. I love Jamaica and I had fresh jug everyday for a month. Hope that helps you some. Good luck.
It's pretty much exactly as pictured, but some are broken up in pieces.
I don't...
Hawaii
These flowers are 100% dried. If you crushed them it would be powder. After you put them in water for about 10 min they begin to hydrate. I hope that answers your question.
they are dried. I have tried others and I think these are the best.
This has not been an issue I felt I needed to address.My opened bag resides in back of my modest pantry in its' original plastic bag.This particular bag has been open for a least 6 mos.As I live in Arizona,humidity is not a factor.When making my tea I simply grab a handful and place it in a quart pitcher of tap water and let it steep cold in my refrigerator. I prefer my hibiscus as cold tea. I have not been disappointed with the results.I do not remove the petals from the pitcher.I have even reused them after the first usage.
This is clean and ready to be cooked with and eaten, if your wondering if they will sprout yes, any rye berry will sprout if planted, but if left sitting without soil or water, they will last you a very long time with out going bad or sprouting.
We ship via FedEx. Thank you!
i would really like to know if these are organic.
No mention on the package. Use by date indicates no preservative other than drying.
I make lots of raw bars with these. They should work fine.
I think they are smaller but I always use 1:1 in any recipe specifying whole dates or medjools.
They are good quality grain, no damage.
Whole grain is what I received.
Sorry, can't help you! Only the producer can tell whether or not it is GMO
A period of 15-20 days.
Most dried ones are preserved with some chemical that's not really harmful. They smell and taste much better than fresh ones.
The package that I got was from China. I sent it back.
Rising is recommended. Place desired ammount of quinoa in a bowl and add cold water. Let it soak a moment then strain through a very fine strainer. The point of rising is to remove the saponins associated with bitter taste. Toasting is not required and will only affect taste. If you decide to toast place the desired amount in a pot at low heat and wait until quinoa begins to start popping. Add water and increase heat. Place a lid on pot and simmer. Amount of water depends on amount of quinoa. 1 cup quinoa and 2 cups water. Just double the water
I don't think it is organic.
Absolutely!! There is no nutritional difference between white and different colored quinoa.
they are from SincerelyNuts.com you can contact them and ask. There is no indication of the source on the package or website but they do have an meal address care@sincerelynuts.com
Looks as if they are the same ones I ordered, and they are raw---
pumpkin seeds are gluten free, I can't speak for the processing
So, they did discontinue it! Darn, it is the only dressing mix I like of theirs and have used it (my mom did) for ever. Since I was a child I have made my dressing with this base. Do you know anything about whether or not they will make it again?
Yep, it's ixnayed. Calling Kraft confirmed it. Amazon will put you on a discontinued waiting list. Search around and some guy is trying to figure out a sub mix of it as am I. So, the end has come. Big bucks will be made should one make this rise like a Phoenix quickly.
I personally did not like it, I like the Caesar dressing, unfortunately Good Seasons made a WRONG DECISION discontinuing it, it was the best on the market.
It doesn't state the date. I phoned to find out, but the mother answered because "my son must not be in the office at the moment. You will have to call back tomorrow." (about 8:20 PM) Looks like a 5-lb bag
16oz
It comes in a 16 ounce bag.
You cab leave it out on the counter . all or most hot sauce is not to be throwen in the refrigerator it looses it hotness .
7 and I really enjoy having it.....we have gone through alot of the flavors
They are each 5 ounce bottles.
Package contains Red, Jalapeno, Chipotle, Garlic, Habenero, Sweet and Spicy and Buffalo
We do ship to Germany
Quote from the product description: "We source ingredients which do not contain wheat, dairy and are not genetically engineered. 70% Organic ingredients; certified organic by QAI." I would guess you would be safe from Gluten with these, but if in doubt check with the manufacture directly as they would be the best source for that information.
No
I just checked a box I have and they have a June 2014 date on...so guessing a year or so, but they never last that long in my house!
The Chocolate Brownies That I eat have 230 Cals, 40 from fat. 0 trans fat. 0 Colest. 160mg Sodium. 260mg Potassium. 44g Carbs. 5g Fiber. 3g Insoluble Fiber. 23g Sugar. 9g Protein
Organic Vegan Food Bars and Organic Omega-3 Vegan Food Bars - http://www.amazon.com/Organic-Food-Bar-Vegan-bars/dp/B000MQ6SQW/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=hpc&qid=1264632285&sr=8-3-spell And my favorite vegan snack bar is the Larabar although, they are low in protein and high in sugar. They are delicious and raw and have plenty of the good Omega 3 fats. Of course if you're just looking for soy-free protein you can do what I do as a runner and vegan - peanut butter, peas, quinoa and lentils. They contain the highest naturally occurring protein and are delicious and easy to fit into your daily diet. Peas in general make a good soy substitute.
I've purchased only two, blueberry crisp and oatmeal walnut raisin. My future choice will be the blueberry crisp; I was disappointed by the oatmeal walnut raisin, they were dry!
The ones I ordered were Coconut Macadamia, and there were 12 bars, but there are other flavors available.
The short answer is YES!
I throw it on my George Foreman. It toasts beautifully in about 7ish minutes
serving size: 1 slice (68 g ):125 calories...total carbs 23 g
Most of them have caffeine in them.
No they are made in Tel Aviv Israel
They have a string. Really good tea BTW.
each of the tea bags is individually wrapped. Not sure if they sell replacement or additional bags of tea but you can surely buy your own individual bags of tea at your own supermarket for refills. Perhaps an Assortment of different teas can be found in various supermarkets or even smaller grocery outlets
The tea leans back and does not fit in the box standing up straight. the box measures 2.5" tall it would need to be 3" tall for the tea to stand up straight.
Their are only 8 flavored. Just got out my box and looked the cherry tea and blood orange and mandarin are my favorites. I have kept the box from my gift last year to hold all of my teas in the pantey
No, some of the teas do contain caffeine. Great tea gift but poorly made box.
Yes, the seeds are better in there natural state, organic also is a plus! I put the seeds on salads, yogurt, cereal etc. It tastes great too! :) &#9829;
I haven't tried them in a blender. I did try putting them through an Omega, auger style juicer though. The result was a very fine but damp powder that clumped together easily. I added that to protein shakes which made them incredibly thick. I also mixed some with a little oil as a peanut butter replacement. My best guess is that they would work for a blended protein shake but will probably need a lot of blending with whatever liquid your adding to it. I would start blending the seeds with a small amount of liquid and add more liquid, a little at a time, until the desired consistency is reached.
Amy this will not show up in an urinalysis. It has no THC since it is from hemp and not from cannabis.
Nutiva has raised the pricing on this fine product.
Hello Gemini Glass Works, For now, yes, the price has increased. Our brand, The Raw Food World, hemp seeds are still at a reasonable price however.
Since these hemp seeds are already shelled, I'm guessing that they will not sprout. I would look for raw, fresh unshelled hemp seeds if you are wanting to sprout. I would also google "profitable organic hemp seeds.
3 LB is case of 6
The package does not reflect this information so I would assume no.
We never did. If you want we can try.
Extremely unlikely that it is irradiated. On their web site, they speak pretty negatively about irradiation, though I didn't see them say specifically that it's not used on their products. You could call them: 800-993-4367 (US)
It depends on which one you get, some are clear (like grape and berry) and some have coloring (like toffee). I have not tried all of the flavors but even the toffee, which is the color of coffee is still clear v. murky. The lemon is also clear. You only need a few drops, this is a very concentrated product that goes a long way.
No, don't use much more, the taste will become very unpleasant if you over do it. I have read several reviews of the SweetLeaf Stevia and some people mention that they are disappointed by the fact that the flavor is not more profound. It probably is true. My favorite flavors are chocolate raspberry and valencia orange, but they all are very subtle, not IN YOUR FACE sort of thing. So this is probably the best you will get as far as the flavor goes, but you are still getting the benefits of using the 'good for you' natural sweetener. If flavor rather than sweetness are important to you, there are some choices right here on Amazon (and I am sure you have looked into that). When I put "natural toffee flavor" in their search engine, two products popped up, both with favorable ratings.
It says it is from Arizona on my bottle.
I add this to my coffee and/or tea in replacement of artificial sweetener
I only have three bottles, Vanilla Creme, English Toffee and Chocolate. Neither have MSG.
Sorry, the email from Amazon doesn't specify which item you're asking about. Are you talking about the chocolate stevia? If so, the only ingredients listed on the label are, in order: Purified Water, Stevia (Leaf) Extract & under "Other Ingredients," they list "Natural Flavors." SweetLeaf has a website, though, so they may give more information there, or a contact email. Good luck.
watch out for anything that says natural flavors can be MSG and that's very bad for you.
yes
According to the manufacturer this tea is 100% organic, Free trade certified from Sri Lanka (Ceylon).
I noticed this scent too. It must be the way they grow and package this tea in Ceylon. I brewed up a batch for my husband's summertime iced tea. He loved it!!! I brew green tea for me. The nice thing is that when I open the black tea sealed canister I get this wonderful scent. It is also present in the brewing...makes my kitchen a delight. I think that you made a good buy. By the way, I asked my husband if the cinnamon was present in the taste. He said "no". Hope you have a good experience.
I like the taste of Davidson's ,it taste better to me than Lipton.
Ceylon and Sri Lanka are the same place - name change in 1972, according to Wikipedia. Can't answer to whether (or possibly what percentage) of the tea is actually grown there...
It's loose tea, but figure 1 8oz cup per teaspoon, and there are 6x16=96 teaspoons, roughly, times 8 =768 oz, divide by 128oz (1 gallon) = 6 gallons. Roughly.
Toasted.
I store the tea in my pantry, some in a glass jar, the rest in it's bag. I purchased it a year ago and it's still fine. Great smoky flavor. One of my favorites. Hope you enjoy it. I don't know about storing in the fridge. (I wouldn't).
Yes. This tea is made from the twigs of the tea plant not the leaves. It is drunk in the macrobiotic diet as the main drink even before water. It is recommended because it is alkalizing in the body if ingested as is with no sugar or milk added.
Twigs and leaves. Their kukicha tea is fresh, makes a beautiful, delicious drink with a punch. Try it... Thanks for the reminder, I need to reorder some for myself. Aloha.
Full leaves, but, I use a filter, it's easier.
It is not unusual for the Chinese to eat tea leaves. Any tea that is safe to drink can also be eaten.
green tea water should not come to a rolling boil- stop heating right before kettle whistle starts. Steep for no more than 3 minutes- 2 is really optimum for me.
I ordered the bag in Aug. and it is still going. one to two cup per day and great flavor!
I definitely do NOT rinse the tea leaves. Rinsing would dilute the taste, and would be like making the tea with already used leaves.
Bought for gift basket, not for self use. sorry
On the Davidson Tea web page, it says "India." It doesn't say on the bag/label.
Yes i have been making Kombucha for a very long time with this. I usually add a couple tsp. of green tea also, I do not substitute. My recipe, 6tsp black tea, 2tsp green tea, steep, add 1 cup organic sugar. then starter and SCOBY. we are addicted!!
It's dried, so it stays "fresh" for as long as you can keep it dry. I've had mine over a year and it's still great.
From what I have read, it is a collection of several types of tea, all black teas, and usually any English black tea comes from India. My question is where did you get this? I have been looking for it myself. I have used it for a few years, but now I can't find it, other than Davidson's English Breakfast bulk tea which costs over $100 and is in the garden center.
I make this into iced tea often. It is a great iced tea, in fact. My favorite is just using a teaspoon and a half to make a mug of tea, and then pouring that mug over ice in a glass. I also make iced tea in my keurig machine. Two teaspoons into the loose filter, select the smallest cup size, brew, pour over ice, select the next size up, brew, pour over ice. I have made a half gallon out of two teaspoons that way.
The company itself is an American company. They get their tea leaves from tea growing countries such as India but here's a message from their website that might help www.davidsonstea.com: "Who blends and packages your tea? Unlike most companies, who outsource their blending and packaging, Davidson's blends and packages their own tea in their organic certified facility in Sparks, NV. This ensures complete vertical integration and product integrity of our supply chain - teas from our own farms, blending in our own USDA Organic certified facility and packaging on our own machines within the same facility."
I have not had any problems with the tea. I looked into it and it would be minerals in the water. We use a filter under the sink for all water which we drink. Of course my water may be different your water. Maybe you could buy a gallon of distilled water to see if that fixes the tea problem. If so you might wish to try a reverse osmosis filter. My filter is a cheaper type.
INRE: overall taste, it ranks between Yorkshire RED and Twinings. I would call it brisk and as strong as Twinings. I like it as another alternative. Try it 1/2 and 1/2 with RED.
I would be very careful of storing tea in the fridge or freezer- tea absorbs the odors of the items surrounding it, which can be extremely unpleasant depending on what you had it sitting next to. Also, if it absorbs any moisture, it may rot. The best way to store tea is in an airtight container in a dark, dry corner/nook/spot in your pantry or cupboard.
For what I have been getting, it's yellow flower.
One's awful may be another's pleasant however I took a big sniff of my 6 month old chamomile; it smells somewhat sweet. I doubt you'd find the aroma rancid. I assume if it were bad it might smell of mildew if it weren't dried properly. At any rate, Return it. It's easy enough to do. You might touch base with Davidson; see if they can shed light on your predicament.
Organic flowers from Egypt. Very tasty, and a huge quantity.
Actually is not an "herb" tea as such, it is black tea. We drink it for breakfast (the blend has body but is not bitter, it goes perfectly well with milk) and we like to mix it with Earl Gray, which is also black tea but with a very rich aroma that makes it so tempting in the morning. Hope we have helped you.
I keep my tea in a seal container up to a year with out loss of taste. ???
It has both, fortunately, it is an excelent tea that one can even use for a nice warm bath when relaxation is needed. I highly recommend it, it is top quality, I have it as tea after dinner every evening, it is perfect!
Oh that is hard to say, it depends on how strong you want it. I just take a small pinch and put it in my small sauce pan, boil the water and then drop the pinch in I would say that is about a full TSP, let it steep for a few minutes I then strain it into a little tea pot but you can just let it flow into a cup.. I may use a touch of honey if it really does not need it. Of that is not strong enough add some more next time if it is too string just add more water. I hope that helps. Enjoy
This tea is a calming and relaxing tea so depending on how bad your insomnia is, it may or may not work...for those troublesome sleepless nights i use sleepytime xtra tea... It had valerian root which works wonders...drink it about an hour before bedtime :)
I'm sorry. I have no idea. But the e-mail address info@davidsonstea.com is listed on the package.
I wouldn't say the taste is quite strong. The smell is VERY strong. It had a bit of a chemically taste to it (if that makes sense). It really did not taste like any earl grey I've ever tasted and I don't mean that in a good way. I even like the smokier earl greys. Did not like this one bit. Returned!
I use it for iced tea as well as hot - it takes me about 8 weeks to go through a bag and it stays fresh, however I but it in a separate glass airtight container immediately upon opening
Try an English breakfast tea, or if you want a different flavor profile, consider mixing in a green tea for its lighter flavor and higher antioxidant value.
Davidson's Organics is certified organic by the Nevada Department of Agriculture (NDA) and certified Kosher by Kosher Supervision of America (KSA). Here is how we guarantee the purest uncompromised ingredients possible: Earl Grey tea is a tea blend with a distinctive flavour and aroma derived from the addition of oil extracted from the rind of the bergamot orange, a fragrant citrus fruit From Davidson web site "We work with farmers and producers in India, Sri Lanka, China, Latin America and Eastern Europe, with strong commitments to organic farming, to the National Organic Program (NOP) Certification and to the Jewish dietary laws of kashrut (Kosher)"
As a user, I would grade the leaves as medium in size with some stems and twigs. Not strong on the tea flavor but good on the bergamot.
I grew fond of Earl Grey by drinking Twinnings. This tea definitely has a more robust bergamot flavor than Twinnings. So much so Twinnings tastes very ordinary now. I absolutely love this tea!
No, not in my opinion
I brewed this in my Hamilton Beach coffee maker and it came out wonderful.
I purchased the "Finum Brewing Basket" to go with my loose tea and couldn't be happier. I just place the required amount of loose tea in the basket and place it in my cup, then pour the hot water right into the basket with the tea, place the lid on the basket and let it brew. The flavor is great and I don't end up with loose tea in my drink. Also, as soon as I pull the basket out I just rinse it off with cold water and set it up to dry.
I've stored dry rooibos in double-wrapped paper bags for years without any change in flavor/quality. The best ways are cool, dark, and dry. I would not recommend storage in plastic bags, or the refrigerator. A jar would be OK if it was in a dark, cool place. It helps to remember that rooibus is a type of dry, shredded bark.
Yes
Miles, I would assume it does as, apparently, it is a naturally occurring substance. To my knowledge the natural fluoride found in green plants does not cause the same side-effects as the high doses placed in some drinking water systems. If this is of concern to you I would suggest contacting Davidsons Tea directly and ask them.
It's organic, so I think you could safely say the flavors are just a part of the natural tea/flower/herbal flavor.
Net weight was 16 oz BUT that can change due to moisture content of the tea.
A lot! I make a big pot of tea every morning and it's lasted me a couple of months now. I mix about 2 spoonfuls of this with 2 spoonfuls of hibiscus tisane and it's delicious!
Hi Mae I'm no expert but I just dump 1 teaspoon of tea for a cup...steep for 3 to 4 minutes...small splash of milk...bit of honey..et voila...not bad without the milk as well
Ive been told honeybush is quite sweet, and both are grown close together. This is quite delicious bnd enjoyable. I drink at least three cups per day, and fill energetic after each cup. Knowing you love honeybush is no constellation, but Rooibos is very very good if you decide to give it a go. Hope this helps.
aside from being a suppliment[cadio healer] it also deters cats, they go under the overhang on our house[nice dry ground] to relieve themselves, a pound in a shaker, hot dry ground, they are always licking their paws, get the picture, they don't come back
I used this in a raised bed, some large containers, and around some newly planted plants. It seemed to help keep the critters out of those, but I think it would take a truckload to work around my fence, and eventually the rain washes it away. On my fence I have tried putting a one-foot-wide chicken wire topper to discourage them climbing over, tree tanglefoot spread on the chainlink, spraying with garlic oil, spraying with orange oil, even aluminum foil. I just purchased an electric fence charger and wire from amazon and will be installing that near the top of the fence. Maybe THAT will stop the raccoons.
I spread it throughout my yard to keep snakes away. So far it is too hot for them and I haven't seen any:+)
I use this to deter racoons in my garden - not for culinary purposes
Enough to prevent all dogs in the neighborhood from inconsiderate owners to crap in my front yard! As well as completely erradicating racoons and rats away from my fruit orchid...
The Hibiscus Flowers are organically grown in Egypt, shipped to Davidson's in Nevada where they are processed and packaged.
Davidson's Organic Hibiscus tea is fabulous and delicious - I especially love it iced! It does not contain any caffeine and is good for lowering your blood pressure. Perhaps it's just my metabolism but I can NOT drink it after about 1 pm or it will keep me up all night! :)
Blossom, occasional calyx. I think it's good.
Mine were red. Please check with the seller
Yes
Well, I've had mine since this time last year and it is still good. They are dried, so I expect they will keep quite a long time. The package that mine came in is resealable (zip top) so that is helpful.
They are pieces of varying size. Definitely not shredded
2lbs of beans will make approximately 128 cups (5oz serving size) of coffee.
Both are very good. I would not not use the Super Crema for espresso but it's my favorite for milk based drinks. I use the Lavazza Grand Bar for espresso. Mainly, all of the Lavazza's are great coffees and it's cheaper than Illy.
It will make a smooth, flavorable cup of regular coffee. Just grind the beans for a drip coffee machine. The Super Crema Espresso Beans are an Italian roast (medium) rather than a dark roast that is sometimes bitter. Some mornings when time is tight, I make a pot of regular coffee and steam milk for cafe au lait.
Lavazza Super Crema
The beans are not black, they are only dark brown. I don't know if the beans are large. I grind fine to very fine and make esspresso. Delicious.
I am not sure why would you pay for Lavazza to use it in French press. I am sorry but it is high quality espresso coffee and "super crema" means you will have nice thick foam on the top of the coffee. You can not achieve this result without high pressure espresso machine. For French press you will need coarse ground, this is whole bean coffee, but if you buy ground espresso coffee, it will be one of the finest grounds (smaller only Turkish coffee) so coffee particles may sip though your French press.
yes, this coffee is roasted, I am not sure if Lavazza sells unroasted coffee (green beans). it is vacuum sealed and expiration date in April 2015, so I assume it is fresh. taste and smell is great!
I buy both of them and alternate my use mainly due to the price fluctuation. I can say that they are both excellent choices. Especially if you drink espresso because that's when you can really tell how good the coffee is. In its bare true form. On the Lavazza website the Gran Crema is described as this: "Creamy and bold, its full body makes Gran Crema Espresso ideal for a cappuccino or latte. This blend is made of South American Arabicas and Southeast Asian Robusta beans, distinguished for their rich, intense flavor and velvety crema." Someone made this comment comparing the two: "Just tried the Gran Crema beans in an espresso show. And it's crema is as good as the Super Crema bean. It's taste is milder than the super, but still a full-bodied one. It coats the sides of my tongue and finished clean; it doesn't hang on the tongue. The Super Crema coats my tongue down the middle from the back to the tip and stays on my tongue for a second or two. But that's a good thing." You really can't go wrong with either one. I have to say, having a proper machine makes a huge difference in how you can extract the full flavor and Crema from your coffee. It's all about the pressure, isn't it? My German Miele coffee machine is amazing but I have had the same blend of Lavazza in Italy made by professional machines at coffee bars, and the taste is unparalleled! Having said that, you can brew any of these two blends in a good old Bialetti Moka Express, which is what the majority of citizens of Italy use, and it will be excellent still. I hope this helps.
No. I specifically selected these beans as they are dry enough to use in my super-automatic espresso machine. I have had no issues with oil clogging up the machinery.
No... hell no...
I use the delonghi ec702 and The coffee has a good taste. I use two for double expresso but I am Italian and I like strong expressos. Lol you can get good coffee with 1 too.
Yes, it works With Illy machines
These are Easy Serving Espresso (ESE) pods.
EC155 has the ESE symbol on it. It will work fine with these ESE pods
I'm not familiar with the Illy Mitaca, but they are ESE. Enjoy!
Yes that is the espresso machine I have
I don't have one but their website indicates that they will work
Pods are smaller in dia. then the Senseo pots
Hello, The Gran Crema Lavazza pods can be brewed in traditional espresso machines, some Lavazza brand or Nespresso espresso machines. Although a paper pod adapter (E.S.E. or compatible) is highly recommended. Do be confused with "capsules". Thank you for your interest Customer Service
these work like tea bags, you can always add 2 if you want a stronger cup. These are meant to be used in traditional espresso machines which get hotter than normal coffee makers.
All ingredients in Dandy Blend are grown in Poland. The company in Poland that manufactures it for us is the largest manufacturer of grain-chicory beverages in the world, serving some 90 health food producers from some 70 countries. None of us would tolerate it if any of the ingredients were GMO. Beyond that, the only GMO ingredients allowed to be grown in the European Union countries, of which Poland is one, is one variety of corn and one variety of potatoes, nothing else. Poland has until now successfully fought the European Union to keep those out of Poland. Put "GMO's in Europe" into your browser and see for yourself. Bottom Line: there are no GMO beets, barley, or rye in Europe, much less in Dandy Blend, and they don't make GMO dandelion or chicory anywhere.
You can get almost-free samples from the dandyblend website. They'll send you 2 servings for $1.
nothing tastes like coffee other than coffee.. dandy blend doesn't taste like dandelion tea- it is more robust- more malty, darker , richer flavor. i like it a lot as a coffee alternative (it is better with some steamed milk or milk alternative)..it is more satisfying than tea. i even have my husband drinking it occasionally. i hope this helps.
I have not had any problem with staining. This blend tastes so much like coffee, but without the bitterness and side effects. Makes my day every time I make a cup of Dandy Blend.
Yes
This product is more like instant coffee- it dissolves in water. Therefore I wouldn't recommend brewing it in coffeemaker. You could add it to your coffee once its brewed...
It does not do what caffeine does. But it provides many health benefits. Suggest internet search for Dandelion Tea Benefits and Caffeine side effects.
The bag says " No gluten. All gluten from barley and rye is eliminated in the extracting process"
Depends on the individual. But my wife goes through a bag in about 3 weeks. We also have been converting our Church friends so of course they have to sample before the switch. But all in all about 3 weeks by herself.
No you can add to hot or cold dissolves like instant coffee.
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
It seems it is not made anymore, which is a shame. I just found a possible alternative at Walmart - Orvilles, Zesty Pepper Butter. Have yet to try it.
Redenbacher's is not making it anymore. :(
It's 12 boxes of 4 bags in each box.
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
I keep mine in a cool dry place (cupboard) and have had no problems with expiring for two years and running. I noticed no appreciable degradation in taste or function even after two years in the cupboard. I eat it when the desire hits me and when it does, I might eat nothing but for days on end. I have even bought my own medium grain rice and ground it in my Kitchen Aide blender and just cooked it whenever. I tried the freezer route but it went bad on me. Somehow got ice crystals in it. Then someone told me to just keep it dry and it should stay good. It works for me so far...after a couple of years or so and still appears fine. I made a pot of it not too long ago and it tasted great. Good luck.
The box states "dietary fiber - 0g" - therefore the dietary fiber is negligible.
Distributed by B&G foods, Parsippany NJ. Doesn't say if its made IN the US. I wrote them an email out of curiosity!
the back of the package states that this salt has been hand-harvested and dried by the sun and wind and that it contains no anti-caking or bleaching agents. it's also supposed to provide potassium, magnesium and other important nutrients. certified kosher, no pesticides or herbicides or harmful chemicals either.
I agree it is very wet! My solution was to take it out of the plastic bag it was shipped in and spread it thinly over paper towels. I changed the paper towels each day for about 3 days. I then stored it in an airtight container. It works perfectly in my grinder now. Until the moisture dries from the salt, about the only way to apply it is by hand. Honestly I love this salt! It has an awesome flavor. I hope this helps.
Google: "Is Himalayan Rock Salt better than Celtic Sea Salt?" And an article by Al Natural Health will come up. It has the chemical analysis of both Celtic and Himalayan salt - side by side. I regularly use the Celtic and was looking to switching to Himalayan, but after seeing the direct comparisons, I decided to stay with this. If you're looking for healing digestion issues - look into adding Calcium Bentonite Clay to your diet, it helped me wonders! Just make sure it's pure and from a reputable source.
While iodine is a very important nutrient, its presence in salt is of little significance. Many people are unaware that iodine and chlorine compete for absorption, and considering salt is 45-49+% chlorine atoms (depending on unrefined vs. refined) and &lt;0.01% iodine atoms, iodine in salt is *very* poorly absorbed (&lt;10% absorption of the already minuscule amount present). It is better to obtain iodine from other sources with higher iodine:chlorine ratios, or to supplement with Lugol's or potassium iodide.
if you mean iodine then only what is naturally occurring as there are NO additives whatsoever in this salt.
The Celtic sea salt is absolutely pure whereas the Kirkland sea salt does not have the same delicate flavor. I have Kirkland sea salt in my pantry but rarely use it as the Celtic is much more pure. I was paying way too much at a supermarket and was delighted to find the Celtic at Amazon at half the price for the large bag.
If you are referring to the white salt you can get at diners and fast food facilities, no this type salt has been processed and has actually very very little health value. To the point some manufacturers add iodine. The grey salt on the other hand retains a lot of it's minerals and the taste is a whole better. I will say this too just like anything else we use. Use lightly as it is salt and you will not use the same amount as in the white crystal brand.
This product is 1 lb. If you take the number of servings 302 and multiply it by the number of grams 1.5 you get a total of 453 grams. There are 453.59237 grams in 1lb.
it is narurally coarse. most of it comes directly from the shore line (beach) of northern europe, i've been told. (France)
Don't know but it is rubbish! Not recommended.
4 grams per 1 oz. serving.
No
Product is 1 Liter.
1 liter or 33.8 fl. oz
i don't know but when you serve it with white wine,the best way to drink it or with champagne if you like bubbly it to put a little bit in a glass taste it till the taste suit you!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M%C4%81nuka_honey Yes, it's from the Manuka Tree that only grows there. There really isn't that much difference which tree or which honey other than the absurd price. Any honey will work. I have been using honey on wounds since the early 80's. I was told about it by a Medicine Woman on one of our Indian Reservations. Indians have used it for hundreds of years. It works better than anything I have ever used, over the counter and prescribed. Even my doctor agrees and since 2006 it's been used by the medical professionals and approved by the FDA. I tried the Manuka, and I've used honey I buy in the health food store as well as the grocery store. They all work, the health food store honey seems the best. And it's way cheaper. It heals a wound faster that anything around and helps take the pain away as well. I had foot surgery and it just wouldn't heal, I finally quit using the stuff the doctor gave me and started using honey, it healed in not time, the doctor was impressed.
Oops it's plastic, sorry about that
We receive the product directly from Comvita, without any intermediate steps. Therefore, we can guarantee that this is the legitimate product. We also have special storage facilities to maintain the activity intact.
Ratings on Manuka honey are supposed to tell you the honey's antibacterial potency. Manuka honey from New Zealand has some very powerful non-peroxide anti-bacterial properties. That's one reason why Manuka honey is able to kill off antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria. UMF stands for "Unique Manuka Factor." It tells you what the full non-peroxide antibacterial rating of the Manuka honey is. Since Manuka honey's antibacterial nature comes from many factors, the UMF rating takes them all into account (including the MGO factor) and gives you a final rating. The most common UMF ratings are UMF 5+, UMF 10+, UMF 15+, and UMF 20+. The "+" after the number just means that it could be more than the number given, but that it won't be less. For example, a jar of UMF 15+ has a UMF factor of at least 15, but could be higher.
Yes it is.
Best by: 06.17
Yes. That's what the bottle says.
Hard plastic
The dog will lick it off its so good! Which may not help the healing process. Though I bet this honey can help heal wounds.
I've just checked mine. It is 17922849 expiring 06.16
Celtic Sea Salt has a naturally occurring, trace amount of iodine at around 0.68 parts per million. Even though it is an important mineral component, our salt is not considered a significant source of daily iodine. However, it is an all-natural, pure source of iodine that is quickly absorbed and stored in your body! Doctors who recommend non-iodized salt for their patients refer them to Celtic Sea Salt brand. You may want to research the process of how other salts are iodized. A salt labeled as "Iodized" typically means that is was chemically added to the salt, possibly using an additive to bind the iodine to that salt. Thus, it is a misnomer that salt alone is a high source of iodine. Our Celtic Sea Salt Gourmet Seaweed Seasoning contains 350 mcg of Iodine per tsp. This version is a truly natural, iodine rich sea salt. Hope this helps...
Yes, any Dr. who has studied true health, knows and recommends this salt. Most of us don't get enough of the healthy kind of salt, which feeds our cells and promotes health. I do recommend getting the "finely ground" kind and then put a few grains of rice in shaker with it to keep it separated if you live in a humid State.
You probably could. I would use caution if you use like a Vita Mix because salt is abrasive an will sort of sand the inside of the blender container. We bought a salt grinder and just use that for on the table use.
I am not a health expert but according to the iodine protocols Celtic sea salt is approved for salt loading. I have found that taking it until you can taste it is a good barometer. Good luck.
http://www.curzio.com/N/Celtic_Sea_Salt1.htm is a very good article stating exactly what is in celtic salt and then this article http://draxe.com/10-benefits-celtic-sea-salt-himalayan-salt/ is a very good article with 10 benefits of Celtic Sea Salt and Himalayan Salt. A Comparison of sorts. Be blessed
Sea salt that is hand harvested and sundried without any additives has a natural balance of minerals and trace elements. It's the best you can obtain as it is packed with minerals and vitamins. In my research, I found that the best sea salt (lush with minerals) appears light gray or light brown and is kept moist. This is Celtic Sea Salt. I am unable to find the list of minerals in it, however you may try to contact the company through it's website, CelticSeaSaltBrand@SelinaNaturally.com . Perhaps they will be able to provide a breakdown. A book I would highly recommend is: Water for Health, for Healing, for Life: You're Not Sick, You're Thirsty! by F. Batmanghelidj He is a well-known for his studies of water and sea salt, and he is an MD. He is affectionately known as Dr. Batman since he is from India and most people in the US have a difficult time pronouncing his name. He goes into detail of the makeup of sea salt and how important it is (along with water) to keep good health. If you are using sea salt, I'd say it is a must to gain a deeper understanding of why and how to use it in your diet daily, and more specifically the right amount for you depending on your weight and daily intake of water, etc. Okay, I hope I've helped somehow. Sincerely, Sue
It is course ground so you will need to get a salt shaker that is a grinder. We absolutely love ours! what great flavor from grinding as you go!
I am not sure why someone would charge $90 for 10lb. Our price is for 5lbs and $20 is a fair price. $90/10lbs is way too much.
See www.celticseasalt.about us/FAQ/ they have a download of the analysis chart
This salt is special; and delicious. It needs to breathe, therefore it can go in a jar either glass or wood or perhaps plastic, but don't put a cover on it! If you cover it it can get a moldy taste.
Yes and very smooth taste. Most all my colleagues live it.
sorry don't know
I think it was 3/2014
Clearly it does not say it is for six anymore. I bought them by the six pack. I would not pay 28 bucks for one. Here is an Amazon ad for each bottle at 3.67 http://www.amazon.com/Walden-Farms-Calorie-Pancake-Syrup/dp/B00DRLVD1Y/ref=pd_sim_gro_2?ie=UTF8&refRID=15JBKK05R89GQ28R4NQF
When I bought mine I paid 33.34 for a six pack. So I am thinking that is for one bottle. Don't know if you live anywhere around Albertson's grocery stores, but they carry this product as well as some health food stores.
Triple filtered purified water, maple flavor, natural flavors, sea salt, cellulose gum, sucralose, lactic acid, sodium benzoate (to preserve freshness).
Marge, That information depends on who is selling the product and can change at any time. You can tell if the shipping is free by reviewing the product detail page, or adding the item to your cart and reviewing the shipping charges at checkout.
it's sort of a thick jam. but it's smooth an nice. I mean it's not too think. just get them and try them, lol
Just jam. It's super delicious though.
These are strawberry flavor but same texture
They r small bt is a good size. I don't like the taste of it.
Dear customer, sorry we do not ship to ireland at this moment. We do apologize for the inconvenience.
I believe one has around 150 calories.
No it is the Gerber soy itself
I have no idea. You might want to contact Gerber
No, there aren't any generics that compare to Gerber Good Start Soy. We are in the same predicament - as our 4 month old goes through a lot too, so I understand! We tried him on the Target brand soy formula and he did not tolerate it well.
The company is an organic honey company that produces some organic honey. This specific product however is not organic.
It says on the level 'USA product'.
Yes it is pasturized.
The bottle says: Y.S. Bee Farms, Sheridan, IL 60551
because its not certified organic but you already knew that
To use it on skin I melt some butter then add honey to the warm butter, after stirring well it can then be applied to skin.Its best to use small amounts and rub it in well, it may not help your particular problem but it sure feels good.
Hello, Thanks for contacting us! Please be assured, we have reported this to the necessary department for further investigation. We thank you for bringing this to our attention! -Anna H.
It is filtered honey, clear, not opaque.
Yes, the bottle is plastic. It is very sturdy and easy to clean.
16 FL OZ
This is old fashioned blackstap molasses with a strong flavor. Some brands of licorice do contain molasses, but the "licorice" taste is usually from anise seed. This molasses compares to syrup like a shot of espresso compares to weak green tea.
Their website says that all their molasses are from sugar cane.
Yes,the container is BPH free.It is also unsulfured with no preservatives added. This is good stuff.I'm running low,so I will be getting another bottle soon.
Plastic. I was a touch disappointed when I found that out, but hey, it's still good molasses.
Both - little yield unless you place a saucer under the package in the microwave. Makes the difference from "too few to bother" to "good". Mfg. should include in instructions.
The ones I bought didn't appear to have any seasonings.
We have an 1800 watt Microwave and we cook them for 2 minutes....with an 1100 watt you might want to try 2:30 or 3:00
No
There is nothing in the ingredients list that would suggest to me that there might be some glutton in the product unless it would be included in the "natural flavorings". If glutton free is important, I would suggest contacting the manufacturer which is shown on the package as Oberto Sausage Co., Kent, WA, 98032, phone: 1-877-453-7591, www.lowreys.com, Made in the USA
you cook the the same way as micro popcorn
Hmmm... my husband & I both like them. Maybe the sodium content has been worked out? I don't cook w salt & neither of us has complained about them being too salty....
Yes, they have msg. I realized after I ate an entire bag and got that msg headache. They're delicious though. Just don't be a hog like me!;)
Chocolate chip and macadamia nut. They were all great and my husband enjoyed every tin! I ordered this as a Christmas present for my husband at the beginning of December 2012. He received the first one in about 2 weeks into December. Jan, Feb, Mar, Apr and May. I had planned on extending this gift to my husband for fathers day but am now out of a job so I am not getting any extras.
It was 1 lb, and seems like maybe 24 cookies? You might be able to get away with it for the office, but its much better for 1 person's guilty indulgence for a month. lol. Probably enough for 4-6 people to have a couple. They are VERY GOOD.
The $6.00 is a one time charge.
Thank you for your inquiry. The order begins when you place the order. From the 2nd shipment on, the cookie of the month orders are shipped the 1st Tues of each month. thank you
Baked
It was large so around 10 pieces. It was great we would buy again anytime...or shall I say we will buy again. MIT was very moist
The 7" size serves 6-8 people and the 10" size will serve 14-16. Pat Demkiw
We ship our items as soon as Amazon sends us the orders. If you do not want this item until June 12th, we would recommend ordering it closer to the date, but no later than Tuesday the 9th. The item itself can be frozen up to 6 months or in the refrigerator for 3-5 days.
If you were to order the cake as of today, with Standard/Economy shipping it would be received on April 22nd. The item can be frozen up to 6 months. We ship M-W for standard shipping, so to get it closer to the 26th you would have to order it no later than April 22nd by 10 am EST, otherwise it will need overnight shipping, to be received by April 24th. We do not ship over the weekend due to the fact that our items are perishable.
Thank you for your inquiry. We are required to ship the order from Amazon as soon as we receive it. We ship Mon-Wed to arrive two days later. Please place your order by either Mon or Tues night so we can ship it by Wed for Friday delivery. We do not deliver on Mondays as our items are perishable. I would probably order by Mon night as I am not sure exactly how long it takes Amazon to send the order to us once it has been placed. thank you Lisa David's Cookies
Place the order by the weekend of 10/4 - 10/5 and email me with the order number so I can watch for it. Pat/David's Cookies
If you want the cake delivered on 9/19, place the order on the afternoon of 9/16 but no later than 10AM eastern time on 9/17. If you do that, standard shipping will work for you.
Good morning. We cannot do Monday deliveries but we can have the cake delivered by Friday 9/12 as long as you place the order by tomorrow (Tuesday) evening.
If you would like the cake delivered on Friday 9/5, you will need to place the order today and we will ship it tomorrow for Friday delivery.
I have received your order and the cake is shipping today for delivery on Wednesday 8/27. Pat/David's Cookies
Yes 24 packs of 3 .5 oz each (100 grams each)
Not sure, the ones I ordered had a end of 2014 date.
shelf life is 2 years.
No- I have been buying these for 2+ years (I get them on subscription) and they are very good.
10mg --from the nutrition facts on the package.
im not sure about the salt but I did not like the consistency. I mix it into tofu and make tofu burgers.
go to frontiercoop.com & do a search on falafel from mix
The nutrition label says "origin Mexico/China".Open this link and click "product label". http://www.frontiercoop.com/products.php?ct=dfmdf&cn=Beet%20Powder
Although I did not use it for dying eggs, I suppose it might work great for that. Give it a try.
I have not done it, it would be very messy( it stains easily) . It tastes pretty good so you can add it to juices or smoothies
We used it in protein shakes to lower blood pressure.
beets are gluten free
I take two tbsps per day. Once in the am once in the pm. The taste is vile so I make them into capsules. Its a pain, but the benefits from this stuff outweigh that.
Serving size - 3tsp (10.0g) Per Serving: Calories - 45 Total Fat - 0g Cholesterol - 0g Sodium - 80mg Total Carbohydrate - 10g Dietary Fiber 3g Sugars - 7g Protien - 2g Vitamin A - 0% Vitamin C - 8% Calcium - 2% Iron - 4% Based on 2000 calorie diet.
It's a fine powder.. I would imagine it would mix well... but you might be mixing it in a waxy substance... so that might be a bit different, but I still think it might do what you're looking to do. This bag contains alot of powder.
Products comes from Norway, IA, USA - non-irradiated - good stuff!
Organic quinoa is grown without the aid of pesticides, conventianal farming quinoa use pesticides and sometimes use artificial fertilizers to promote growth and yield. Organic use none of this, therefore it is more work intensive driving up the price. Some say it is safer because no worries about pesticide residual. I have used both and find this quinoa tasty; although I rinse it one more time before cooking to get make sure the natural bitter powder is off.
I would just keep the bag shut as air-tight as possible, away from moisture, and basically try to have it finished within one year, or I suppose two, but it will lose a little of its freshness by then.
After being emptied, it was probably 20" wide and 36" tall. Just like a feed sack.
There was nothing on the label to indicate whether it was non-gmo or organic.
I can't tell from the package, it's in Japanese. It is dried fish and appears to be salted. I'm guessing that it would last a long time if you keep it dry. I opened my package months ago and I don't notice any difference in the smell. Also, there is a web address on the package, http://www.kaneso22.co.jp/ if that is of any help.
In a 3.52 bag of bonito flakes, a serving size would be 1.5g. In that 1.5g, there is 5mg of sodium.
I have ordered several brands of bonito flakes from several sellers and they all are about the same. Care with handling will make a difference as they tend to crumble though so if they are not packaged well or you do not make sure they are handled carefully they brake down the same as potato chips do. Hope this helps out. Be well...
nope
jUST GUESSING, BUT ID SAY ABOUT 3
Definitely not!
These bonito flakes might usually be pet food to us, but they are people food (soup base) to Japanese. I doubt that they are checked for radiation, because tuna come from deep ocean water where radiation is not a real issue. However, all tuna is seriously checked for disease by experts. I regularly eat raw tuna cleared by Japanese chefs in California and Hawaii, and have never had any adverse health effect.
no they are not...but the last case I bought never would reincorporate the fat with the liquid even when it was heated and blended. I had bought 2 cases before and was disappointed in the quality of the last case.
I had to call the company directly and gave them the cryptic code printed on the can. She gave me the formula for how to figure out the expiration date (which I no longer remember) but my set of cans was good for 2 years.
We love this coconut milk and re-order it regularly. It does, however, have guar gum in the list of ingredients, as follows: organic coconut milk, water, guar gum (thickener).
I contacted the seller because I was curious as well.... Me: Hi, I just wanted to know if this product is edible also? Is it alright to mix it in some tea? I read some reviews and some people are consuming it. If so, how much is okay? Seller reply: Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for contacting us! We are happy to explain. French Green Clay can be consumed, just as Bentonite Green Clay can. 150mg is the recommended daily serving for both clays, which is about one tablespoon. It is recommended to be mixed with warm water, so you can mix it with some hot tea if you would like. We hope this information helps! Please feel free to contact us back with any other questions! Our quality, value and customer service have made Swanson Health Products a trusted source of nutritional supplements since 1969. To help us build this privileged relationship with you, we welcome your comments and suggestions, as it is our pleasure to serve you at any time.
I would say it DOES help even your skin tone among other things. My cheeks and jawline were burdened with acne and acne blemishes. I barely noticed results when using this as a Mask 1x/wk basis, and even 2x/wk. This week, I used this as a nightly "Rinse", and now my face is almost blemish-free. I already use a konjac sponge to exfoliate my skin, then apply the clay (mixed with a few add-ins). I keep the clay on no more than five minutes, rinse, then moisturize. I did this for seven nights in a row, and WOW. What I looked like the Monday before I started this is pretty damn yucky compared to what I look like by the next Monday morning. I wish I had thought to try this sooner.
Add as small amount of water to make a slurry. Apply slurry with your fingers and you will begin to feel the pulling power as it draws out toxins. Leave it on as long as you want, however an hour is good amount of time. Then keep doing it on a regular basis. Have fun with a green face :)
Command your question, I'm not. sure if it does have that in it or not. Your abbreviation for Sulft .Witch is Sulfonamides . I do know they use the same clay, at Chernobyl after the nuclear reactor failed. As well as Japan last year after the typhoon, to treat the people to get rid of the radiation in their bodies. I personally have used it for a few years now with no ill effect. And after you I feel pretty good. After a few weeks of taking it three times a week with water about 1 teaspoon to 6 ounces of water mix and drink it. As well as they got rid of a cyst on my elbow within about three weeks. I'll give you this link and you can read more about French green clay. ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2600539/ ) the only thing I can add all of this, is I know Native Americans have been eating clay for hundreds of years have been eating clay for hundreds of years. As well as I know the astronauts take a clay capsule each day astronauts astronauts take a clay capsule each day. Supposedly helping bone loss in the weightlessness of space supposedly helping bone loss in the weightlessness of space. I hope this helps you in your decisions Hope this helps you in your decision. Neil
This clay is very green. I tried adding a pinch to my powder, and it made my coloring slightly off. I don't know your skin color, but if you are Caucasian, you could try kaolin clay instead. Just don't overdue it...a little goes a long way since clay is much heavier than cosmetic powders, foundations, etc.
There is nothing on the label that says organic
This has nothing in it except volcanic ash. It will remove any chemicals or toxins.
About 1.5 or 2
It depends on what you intend to do with it. I use bentonite when I make shaving cakes and French green in other soap for slip and color.
Are you sure it is safe to take internally? it is mostly used for cosmetic purposes like a body or face masks.
I was curious so I contacted Frontier. Here is their reply: Hi Jill, Thank you for contacting us! The bentonite clay powder we offer is a non-swelling, calcium type of bentonite. Our bentonite powder is for external use only, not intended for internal use. We have a cosmetic license for this product, not a food grade license as we market this product for use in a mask for skin care. If there is anything else we may help you with please don't hesitate to ask! Have a wonderful day! Best Regards, Deb Customer Care Frontier Natural Products Coop However, I tend to agree with Danielle and Anne. The company probably needs to protect themselves...
No
No it doesn't the ion of the clay stays fully enact.
This is calcium bentonite.
I use about 1/2 tsp once or twice per day.
never received it .
No, pure powder
At approximately 1 tsp per serving you should get about 113 servings. If you go by their tsp per servimg estimate.
Ooops, I was looking at the maple sugar I bought. The Maple syrup powder is still 0 fat, but 4g of carbs in a 1 tsp serving. According to the packaging.
It is powdered maple syrup - it's very fine. We bought to use in BBQ rubs. It's like powdered sugar consistency.
Yes
Powder, just like the label says. And it's a great product, very strong and good flavor.
I went to the company's website (www.frontiercoop.com) to find out what the powder was made from since the packaging gave no information other than the nutritional info. I was happy to see that it was 100% dehydrated maple syrup with no additives or preservatives (see info below). I bought it for my "just in case" emergency/ camping stash. I haven't used it yet, but I'm sure it will turn out to be a lot like the glazing packets they put on hams: a powder that is mixed with water. Hope this helps! Frontier Bulk Maple Syrup Powder, 1 lb. package Size: 16 oz Price: $27.00 Directions: To use the powder in place of syrup or maple flavor in baking recipes, combine 5 teaspoons powder and 2 teaspoons hot water, stirring until dissolved. To make as syrup to use in a pinch for pancakes, use 3 tablespoons powder and 1/2 tablespoon hot water to make approximately 1/4 cup syrup. You can also add powder to hot drinks, like cocoa and milk toddies. Product Notes: Our Maple Syrup Powder is made of 100% pure, dehydrated maple syrup with no additives or preservatives. Origin: United States Kosher: KSA Certified
No not that it states on the label! Love it for Icing
have been storing for several months now but the total time frame do not know.
I use it for my BBQ rub...I guess you would have to create a thick simple syrup and then add the maple powder to taste. I have no clue excep to say that a tablespoon or two should make a Qt of flavored syrup?
Yes. It is potato starch from USDA certified organic non-radiated potatoes. Nothing but. Frontier Natural Products co-op is known for their quest to supply natural goodness .
Potato flour is made from whole potatoes. It has a potato taste, and can be added to recipes that call for flour, but it has no gluten so it won't help hold things together the way wheat flour does. If you look online you can find lots of potato bread recipes, almost all of which are mostly wheat flour. Often the recipes that don't have wheat flour in them will include a gluten free flour (like rice flour) and use eggs to hold things together. Potato starch is a fine powder made only from the starch of potatoes (like tapioca starch, or corn starch). It is not a flour, and is used primarily to thicken things (like soups), or to make things creamier. It can be added to increase the stickiness of gluten-free recipes like bread. It's almost always added as an adjunct to recipes, and never as the main event.
I don't know if it is certified. I bought it for my mother. She is highly allergic to wheat & most other grains & it doesn't make her sick.
no it doesnt specify. i would suggest contacting fronteir directly from their website. good question. :)
Hmm, I can't say for certain but I don't see why not. I would transfer it to a glass jar with an airtight seal. :)
Certified organic potatoes, non-irradiated, address is in Norway, IA, USA. Phone #is (800) 669-3275.
Yes, but I think you would need other "flours" as well. I use a combination of white rice flour, some bean flour, tapioca starch and potato starch.
It's used in some gluten free recipes and as a thickening agent for soups and stews. It can also be used in baking for flourless sponge cakes.
Not at all. Potato starch is completely different than potato flour.
The only ingredient listed is organic potatoes and the nutrient label has total carbs at 8 grams. All others are 0. I believe it is fair to say it is unmodified.
Yes just a bit heavier :)
Could please let know exactly what is GMO means? Thanks
This wheat grass comes from Norway Iowa USA. I have tried other brands and like this one the best.
I have long since repackaged it in an air tight container and threw out the bag/label. What made it ok 4 me was certified organic claim.
1 Tbl per serving
Says, USDA Organic - www.frontiercoop.com Norway, IA - Certified by QAI
1 tbsp. 10.0 grams
Hi, Amazon asked me to answer this but I don't know, the label does not help. Maybe contact Frontier directly?
Put a couple tablespoons in a microwave safe bowl. Heat to warm not boiling. Pour over your popcorn just like at the movies.
The label says "partially hydrogenated soybean oil with artificial butter flavor, TBHO, and citric acid added to improve stability, beta carotene added for color, methyl-silicone added as an anti-foaming agent."
I have mixed feelings about my answer. I just bought my second container. The first one was purchased 3 -4 years ago and I just finished it. Im the only one who uses it in my family. No kids. So one movie in the theater a week. No difference in taste than the old one. No diseases yet and the same guilt for having it afterwards. So ime, expiry date is not its weakness. Perhaps our heart's expiry date is ;)
0% cholesterol
They're labeled 'Product of Morocco' so that could be almost anywhere in the Mediterranean or Atlantic as far as the fishing banks...I've never questioned it before although recently given some articles I've been wondering about this & not just in regard to Roland products.. The prices on this & similar products in particular low - sodium with bones has become quite high to me lately.. Indicating increasing scarcity. I would just suggest you call or email Roland...By the way also be advised that these 'sardines' are probably 'Herring sprats'.. There is no legal definition of 'sardines'.. When I ate them {called sardines} fresh ..grilled on the beach... years ago in Morocco, Portugal, Spain ,Italy & Brazil...they were considerably larger than those available in cans in the US...either now or even 50+ years ago when my folks would have them in the States...But they are tasty & I think still healthful. Good luck !
No sir. I never had a bad batch in the 3 years I have been buying them. Sounds like a manufacturer problem or mislabeled product. Write a letter to Roland expressing your concerns, they might send you a free case.
On my package it says 45 mg of sodium per can.
It's just the paste, nothing else. I often put in half the butter, or sometimes just a little oil, and the difference in taste is negligible.
Medium
My wife and I just cooked it tonight. We have had the same question but have cooked the chicken first...almost thoroughly before adding the paste, butter, and water. We then simmer in a covered pan for about 15 minutes and feel safe that everything is cooked well but not overcooked. We don't turn up the heat at the end as suggested but I'm sure that would be fine to do.
Yes
It does appear as though it's gluten free. Here are the ingredients: Tomato paste, sunflower oil, spices, onion, garlic, gram flour, sugar, salt, skimmed milk powder, fresh ginger, melon seed, cashew & spice extract (paprika oleoresin). Gram flour is made from chick peas and has no gluten. None of the other ingredients have gluten. I think you're good to go. By the way, I love this product.
I've never paid that much before! I hope it goes down before I need more. It is that good, though.
You will need to add chicken, butter, and water per the box. If you click on the item, you can see pictures of the back of the box with instructions.
Not in my opinion. I haven't had a Thai dish that is similar. This is a very good product. If you haven't tried Indian food it would be difficult to describe due to the difference in spices that are used in the Indian culture. It is spicy and very in flavor. It turns ordinary chicken into something awesome. You can use about a third less butter when cooking it and still get the intended flavor. For a true Indian meal pick up some naan bread at a localist or or Trader Joe's and enjoy the experience!
Kitchens of India has 100% natural ingredients and no preservatives. It is also fabulous to use, we love it!
The packaging makes no such claims, only states, "No artificial ingredients, minimally processed". No reference is made to the conditions in which the chickens are kept and fed. Please see their website for such information
Only after opening.
Not sure, but i have about 18 months left on them. The manufacture date might be march of 2013 but not sure on the code
I don't know what bpa is but I can warn you of this product it don't look the same a the picture.
Yes it does---add some dried or fresh blue berries or your favorite fruit and yummmy!
I keep it in the freezer & it lasts long time. Not sure about substituting for flour
Don't know..buckwheat is listed first in the ingredients...ask Bob, maybe.
Of course, although buckwheat can be an acquired taste for some folks. Here is one recipe (no ties to them): http://www.mamalionstrong.com/buckwheat-banana-blueberry-muffins/ And remember, Google is your friend.
Sorry, do not have an answer. Try contacting them for answer.
It's on the right-hand edge, as you face the front of the package. 1 c. mix; 1 egg, 1 T oil, 3/4 c milk for pancakes 1 c mix; 2 eggs; 2 T oil and 3/4 c milk for waffles
I have used milk, soy milk, almond milk, buttermilk and water. The results are good each time. Even though I am a fairly adventurous cook, I have not yet tried to use olive oil. I have had good results substituting apple sauce for oil. Good luck...enjoy your experiments!
I do not see anything in the ingredients that would indicate it is not vegan. Also, you need to add eggs, oil and milk to the mix to make pancakes or waffles, so I would say the mix itself is vegan. I use ONLY mix and almond milk to make my pancakes, so I guess that could be considered vegan. Once in a while I use egg substitute (which is not vegan because it's really egg whites).
I am not sure why you would want to do that but of course you could. It has everything in it except the liquids needed. Oil, milk and eggs. I add flax seeds and cinnamon to mine and sometimes bluberries.
My expiration date is about a year from now.
serving size 1/3 cup dry(52g) total carb 37g Fiber 6g
It might be ok but I haven't tried it. Think I will and see what happens. TKU
I know you can contact all vendors through Amazon, so if you have such questions, you can just email them and they will answer you. That part is never a problem. And as for this product, I use it every single day, so there is no chance it is going to go stale on me. Really good and healthy product to use. I put it on my steel-cut oats, every morning, raw, together with one spoonful of /chia seeds. Hope this helps you.
This is a multi-grain flour, cake flour has corn starch in it which makes it feel softer. You could try adding 3 tablespoons of corn starch and sift it at least 3 times but I would not guarantee your results as I myself have not tried this, you will also have to consider that this mix already has baking powder and salt and it does not have the normal 3 teaspoons of baking powder but it has slightly less about 2 3/4 teaspoon baking powder.
You need to add eggs, milk, oil and whatever else you like in them.
I have ordered these recently - here's some of the nutrition info from the label: Calories 63; Fat 3g; Carb 3g; Fiber 1g; Protein 6g
Per their company website:chick peas, tahini,water, sea salt, natural spices, citric acid.
our stock is April 2016
Too many to mention, I did not finish the product received and would not buy again
No
The Product Description states: "Order includes one 2.4 oz single serve pack...". I think it's highly unethical of this seller to charge $18 for a single self-serve item. I will surely boycott them and suggest you do, too!!
I only got one 32oz bottle
It's been awhile so I don't really remember. I believe 5 regular double hung windows each with a palladium half round topper plus a double full glass front door with giant palladium topper. I seem to remember it running out fast . Prop bottle up if you set it down . If it falls over solution leaks out. Since then I have purchased an electric power washer and that works as good or better
You attach hose to container and concentration depends on how long you wet particular window. It comes out pretty soapy.
Donald, I have a one-story house; however, several of my windows are very high. The spray worked on these windows. I have a friend who has a two-story house; and it does reach the second floor without a ladder. They have good water pressure, so this may be a factor.
Could be you have hard water which would make the windows streak.
Not sure -- I hook it right up to my regular, standard, garden hose, and it connects perfectly.
We did not have luck using this product on our vinyl siding. We ended up hiring someone to power wash the house. Keep in mind, we could not reach the areas and it does not a slight scrub to clean. It is not just spray on and rinse off and all your dirt goes away , I'm afraid.
I have no idea. We have a single story home.
I don't know. It is delicious for food.
It should be OK. More info here: http://www.oliveoilsource.com/page/freezing-olive-oil
6 in a case. Shipping fees are available at checkout.
I don't recall a born on date but I am certain there was no burning in the throat when consuming the product (used primarily for salads and sauteing.
Specifically, I can't say. I do know the bottler buys from coop farms as well as commercial growers and that the olives are harvested annually. I assume, therefore that the oil is one year or less in age.
It would be dumb to use this oil for cooking. This oil is expensive delicacy for salads, boiled potatoes, various veggies, etc. In Spain people just pore it on bread and eat it. This oil is good for skin, also has many anti-oxidants and enzymes that rejuvenate the body. In Sicily where consuming xtra virgin oils is a daily staple - a few table spoons a day pored on bread and salads, there are more centenarians than anywhere else in Europe. For cooking best to use rice bran oil, it has very high smoke point and rich in anti-oxidants. Regular cheap olive oil (non extra virgin) is ok for cooking also.
honestly I don't know. But its a big bag and I expect about 200 to 300 cups out of it. It also depends how much you use per cup. I have a "tea-egg" that gets filled up with the tea so as not to spill the little leaves into the cup, and that makes for a uniform usage and strength of tea. Hope that helps, Bernd
I have kept and use this herb in its package for more than 9 months. The package seals well and since the herb is dry it keeps very well.
Not a vibrant green but a toned down green. There is smell. It smells herbal.
Can't answer that. I'm using it for gums/teeth (not been very persistent/consistent) in conjunction with Dr. Christopher's Complete Bone and Tissue Formula. http://amzn.to/1rCTu3s
Irradiated means exposed to radiation!!! I would have no idea if it's exposed or not that's a question you may want to contact the manufacturer with. Sorry
Yea, that'll work. For flavor, I mix with herbal tea, but honey or something is fine too
16-17 non compressed cups
From what I know, you can use either or both in a combination.
I am sorry, no, I haven't.
According to my herbal medicine teacher Susun Weed, and many others, this comfrey is mislabeled, as is all that is sold in the United States. This is perfectly safe to consume internally. You can google 'comfrey leaf safe Susun weed ' to start. She addresses this to very question because naturally many people are confused by the mislabeling.
I believe it does - it is written on the front of the bottles. I think the meaning of OptiGRO is that it contains DHA, Lutein, and Vitamin E, but I am not 100% sure.
You can use any regular baby nipples and bottle rings for these. If you want to use the one time use nipples just search on amazon for similac nipples and you should be able to find lots. The one time use ones are great when traveling you can just toss them.
The bottle says use within 48 hours (refrigerated). I assume that's only if your baby hasn't drunk directly from the container because then the usual 1 hour rule would probably apply.
It is always possible but shipment cost will be huge. You maybe can find a friend whou can carry it for you after contoling this product is authorised in China to avoid any mistake with the custom. This product may be not allowdo in hand luggage !
Yes the standard nipple and ring fit on the 8 oz bottles
Hello, The products we now have from Abbott are labeled "Early Shield". To be definite you can also check with the company (Abbott laboratories) at www.Abbott.com. I hope this helps. Sincerely, Steve
48 hours if in the fridge; the less if not refrigerated.
no, the 8oz doesn't include nipples. the 2oz small bottles does.
When I ordered it in the past the expiration date was a year from when I got it. Amazon has always been good about not selling near expiration stuff unless stated and discounted for the reason.
approx, 4 -3/4" high x 3-1/2" wide Hope that sufficiently answers your question. Best tea I have ever had
Yes, they are the same tea. And the best tea I have ever had!
Mine is Hot Cinnomon Spice and looks different
I don't know...I ordered it twice, once for myself and one to give to my Mother In Law...I thought it was absolutely horrid in the first place, I could have tossed a handful of Hot Tamale candies in a cup of hot water and it would have tasted just the same. Waste of good money in my humble opinion. I don't know what it tasted like to you as you did not describe what you got to begin with and then secondly.
It does not say what the artificial favors are, but with tea, I'm not sure what flavoring you would use that is gluten based. I would contact the manufacturer to see what artificial flavors are used
I personally do not but I've heard that it does help quite a bit use it as a cleanser and as a mask twice a week but as a cleanser every day and see how that works. Manuka is amazing for skin wounds scrapes and anything like that I absolutely love it! Make sure you buy a 12-16+ but no higher, for you I would go 12+. Also try green light therapy, it is amazing at calming red or irritated skin
I take a small spoonful at night. I've read 1/4 tsp a day, for the higher strengths. Also may be applied directly to woulnds or skin conditions, or mixed with a little yogurt etc for a facial. Enjoy!
I have not had any issue with it going bad at all. I usually go through it after a couple months, maybe up to three and it never went bad or changed any.
plastic
The Wedderspoon Honey is Not UMF tested/rated. I personally do not like Wedderspoon due to its raising price and inconsistent taste from dif batch. Not sure why this honey is popular on Amazon, maybe because wholefoods also carry it and most shopper do not know or have not tried other brands. I have ulcer and have been taking Manuka honey for 3 years, I have tried 80% of manuka honey on the market and have been to Aus/Nzw. If you are looking for UMF tested honey, I'd suggest Comvita or East Cape.
There is no UMF label on the jar, it's only label active 16+
16+ means nothing unfortunately. You need to have a UMF rated honey which is the internationally recognized standard, this product isn't.
According to the manufacturer, Manuka honey should keep its beneficial properties for several years if stored properly and not exposed to too much heat.
The UMF rating system was developed to measure the activity level of Manuka Honeys. The UMF rating actually tests the antibacterial performance of a honey and compares it to phenol, a disinfectant. This means that a UMF rating of 20+ is equivalent in strength to a 20% solution of phenol. All Manuka Honey that has a UMF rating of more than 10 is highly active honey and therefore known as Active Manuka Honey. The ideal UMF rating varies depending on your purpose, but laboratory studies have shown that manuka honey with a non-peroxide activity level of UMF12 to UMF15 is effective against a wide range of very resistant bacteria. Hope this answer helps it comes from the Aliveplus honey website. Hope this answers your questions.
Yes. Manuka Honey kills the acne. germs that causes inflamation. Do not use it if you are allergic to bee products. Please mix manuka honey, turmaric powder, fenugreek seed's powder, organic milk and use it as mask, leave it for half an hour, rinse with warm water and apply your moisturer.
Yes, the way you describe it is normal. Also, it will taste different than regular honey...stronger. I have been using it for nearly a year, and sometimes the honey will look a little different from jar to jar, darker or thicker. I think because it is all natural accounts for the difference. Your honey is fine.
Yes. Description on Amazon and via Wedderspoon states organic.
The statement on the label says it is BPA-free
Not sure about that, according to everything I have read it's good for just about anything. I use it for my stomach...I have diverticulitis and I take a tesapoon every morning and I have had no incidences since I have been doing this. I think it has many good qualities.
Yes, it is! And good stuff, too!
Yes
It is made with almond oil. If you're allergic to almonds I am unclear as to why you would be buying 'almond extract', seems like a no brainer to me. Its not almond 'flavored' it's almond 'extract'
Yes, organic alcohol
Yes
My bottle does the same thing! This is by far my favorite brand of almond flavoring, this should be fixed. Must be a bad design.
This product is not certified kosher.
It DOES have glycerin in it.
Purified water, organic alcohol, glycerin and natural bitter almond oil.
Yes, Bob's Red Mill baking soda is Aluminum free. The best baking soda available on the market. Highly recommended.
Not everyone is aware of that. Bill Miles Quality Green Products
No it is one bag weighing 16 oz.
Baking soda typically doesn't contain aluminum - baking powder does.
190 mg per 22 chips (1 oz)
I think it is a typo.... the other flavors that do not contain milk have it listed. I looked at everyone of their flavors and the only other ones listed that it contains milk are the obvious ones like the Sour Cream & Onion, Cheddar and Sour Cream...etc nice catch though.
Yes. ALL Popchips flavors are Certified Gluten-free.
They are packed very well. I buy these on subscription, so have received probably five cartons so far. Each bag is filled with air and packed well. No crushin' going on! Enjoy!
15-16 depending on flavor
This sounds like a Weightwatcher's question. There are about 18 chips in each bag. That's a 3 Points Plus value and worth every point.
3
They boil them in salt water until they pop
15
Perhaps it depends on which flavor you choose. I have not experienced such problems but I only eat the BBQ flavor. It does seem like the expiration date on these packages is EXTREMELY long.
190 mg per 22 chips (1 oz)
I think it is a typo.... the other flavors that do not contain milk have it listed. I looked at everyone of their flavors and the only other ones listed that it contains milk are the obvious ones like the Sour Cream & Onion, Cheddar and Sour Cream...etc nice catch though.
Yes. ALL Popchips flavors are Certified Gluten-free.
They are packed very well. I buy these on subscription, so have received probably five cartons so far. Each bag is filled with air and packed well. No crushin' going on! Enjoy!
15-16 depending on flavor
This sounds like a Weightwatcher's question. There are about 18 chips in each bag. That's a 3 Points Plus value and worth every point.
3
They boil them in salt water until they pop
15
Perhaps it depends on which flavor you choose. I have not experienced such problems but I only eat the BBQ flavor. It does seem like the expiration date on these packages is EXTREMELY long.
If you are asking where the product originates from, I would have to say the company Viva Herbals which I think is in New York. It is green tea extract, so it is extracted or concentrated green tea. There is a number on the bottle that you can call if you have any questions. Its as follows: 1-888-381-8482. I hope you are able to find the answer to your question.
Green tea extract 124 mg Goji(Chinese wolfberry) 40 mg Lo Han Kuo (fruit) 30 mg Astragalus (root) 8 mg Chinese Licorice (root) 3 mg Stevia extract (leaf) Natural lemon flavor Vegetable glycerin Purified water calories 0 g fat 0 g
glass
Yes, it is gluten free.
we charge flat rate of $4.99 and we ship same day if you order at maxnature store front
yes
The product is pesticide, fluoride & chemical free, green teas are one of the highest source of fluoride & can be a hazard, I think this product is well worth the price!
None. The chicken flavoring is artificial.
No it has no meat stock listed in the ingredients. The flavors are soy sauce, garlic, fried onion.
Sorry Can not answer that because I did not Notice one.
Indomie almost always contains some form of meat product. You can try searching for Indomie Vegetable Flavor, however. If my memory serves correctly they do have a vegan option packaged in a green bag.
Don't know. OliveNation was the company. The mudhrooms arrived quickly, dried, so the store for a long time. Recondtute easily and quickly. Delicious.
No, they are not.
The ones I purchased were dried.
90 Calories, 20 from fat, 11 grams sugar. This is not blended for the US market, and the actual package varies with the intended market, it seems.
I don't know what you mean by "Classic," but this is an instant coffee with creamer and sugar mixed with it in the sleeve. I don't care for instant coffee, but my neighbor, who is Iranian, fixed me a cup one evening and I fell in love with it. He had brought it back from Iran on one of his visits to his family. I tried to find it everywhere here to no avail. I called Nescafe and they told me it was not available in this country and I might be able to find it through Amazon. I have ordered several bags for my daughter and me and couldn't be happier with it. It doesn't have the instant coffee taste.
Ingredients according to package: Sugar, Creamer (Glucose syrup, hydrogenated palm kernel oil, stabilisers (E340ii, E451i, E452i, E331iii), Sodium Caseinate (milk protein), Emulsifiers (E471, E472e), Flavorings, Anticaking Agent (E551), Salt. Contains Stabiliser, Emulsifier, Anticaking Agent as permitted food conditioner. Contains permitted flavoring. All additives are of plant or synthetic origin. Instant coffee. As best as I can determine from the nutritional value info per serving: 86 calories 0.0 monounsaturated fatty acids 0.0 polyunsaturated fatty acids 1.8g Saturated fatty acid 0.0 Trans fatty acids 0.4g Protein 16.6g Carbohydrate 12.5 Total sugars 18mg Sodium It is manufactured in Malaysia for Nestle Products Sdn. Bhd. (45229-H) in Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia as best as I can determine from the package. My neighbor who is originally from Tehran, Iran (he has been in this country about 35 years) visits his and his wife's parents and siblings a couple of times a year and always bring me a gift for watering his indoor plants, picking up mail, feeding his cats and generally looking after his property while he is gone. He brought me a package of this coffee after one of his trips and I fell in love with it. After many unsuccessful attempts to find it in this country, I contacted Nestle and found that it is not sold here because there is not enough market for it. They suggested I order it on-line and I was elated to find it on Amazon. Hope this helps.
I'm not sure what you mean by "Regular" but the 3 in 1 is a perfect blend of instant coffee, creamer, and sugar. Perhaps the "Regular" is instant coffee only. If I wanted plain black coffee, I would brew it myself since I don't care for instant coffee. But the 3 in 1 is delicious and I don't want to be without it. It cannot be bought in grocery stores in the USA according to Nestle so the only way you can get it is to order it on the internet (I recommend Amazon.)
30
Sugar, cocoa butter, whole milk, chocolate liquor, soy lecithin, artificial flavor. It notes that it is made in a facility that also processes peanuts and tree nuts. Manufactured in Woodridge, Illinois.
We had a school party k-6th grade and it worked great for us and the kids loved it.
The chocolate is warm and flowing in the fountain. After the leftover chocolate was stored in the refrigerator, it hardened very well. It may drip off of your treats before it hardens. It is best used for chocolates eaten right after dunking.
Yes
I'm not sure the bag doesn't say. Sorry
Milk
You can - its easy to pour into a container and save.
Yes you can and without oil. I melted mine in a double boiler before I put it in the fountain to speed things up. Works great! But this is wonderful in a bowl to dip fruit in!
It doesn't say on the bag and I'm not sure what to look for. I have a bag here, and can read through the ingredients if you tell me what to look for.
You're not supposed to open the tea bag itself. The extra matcha they are referring to is inside the outer bag, the one in which the tea bag is contained.
No, it has about a third of the amount of caffeine you would find in a cup of coffee (about 25 mg.). I like its gentle, sustained lift. I feel alert, not wired. It has a short brewing time of about 30 sec. so you might not be getting the full amount of caffeine anyway (the longer the tea brews, the higher the caffeine content).
Nothing dramatic, but good. I have a cup after lunch, helps me feel fuller longer, and at 4:00pm when I start to get hungry. Full of anti-oxidants too. I limit my decaf to first thing in the morning only. Coffee can bloat you, green tea makes you feel good. All combined with good food choices and moderate portions . My weight is perfect!
The bottom of the box says "Product of Japan." I had assumed that, having first "met" the tea through Japanese-American friends, but your question led me to confirm it, so thank you.
The box states: "Our premium nylon tea bag allows for optimum water flow during the brewing process." Visually you can tell that the bag is nylon.
I did not think it was. I preferred regular green tea such as Lipton or Stash to Kirkland
Certainly not an expert but you might want to check out " KissMe Organics" Matcha Tea, they specifically say that their tea is sourced from China bc of the radiation concerns surrounding Japan. They also say they certify their testing to be sure are very low level of toxins such as lead...
I can't says precisely. But, I can say that I've been drinking 7-8 cups daily of the Kirkland Signature Ito En Matcha green tea for about three years have have not noticed any caffein effects. It's delicious and pleasant, but doesn't seem to be a stimulant (no "wired" sensations), and, unlike caffeinated drinks, the Ito En Matcha tea has zero impact on my rosacea or sleep apnea. I don't want caffein. As I understand it, green teas generally are distinguished by containing less caffein than coffee or black teas, but I can't say whether the Ito En Matcha tea is among the least caffeinated of the green teas. Presumably it contains some caffein, but I have not noticed it, and I drink a good amount of it. And adore it.
Like most green tees it does contain a little bit of caffeine but about half as much as black teas.
I don't recall ever seeing a date on the box, which I don't keep. I keep the individual packets in the refrigerator until I use one.
I didn't really measure as I went along. I use the large serving size of my Keurig for a 12 oz "cup" of water and add about 1/4 cup Chai to it. I haven't finished my first bag this size yet, but, it appears to make about 40-45 cups using it the way I do.
Each serving is estimated at 3 tablespoons with 140 calories and 22g of sugar. First ingredient is sugar
Yes sugar is the first ingredient (25g per 8 fluid oz serving). It also lists corn syrup solids in the non dairy creamer
Sulfites are not mentioned on the label and considering it's acidity I would find it hard to believe sulfites would be added. I'm not aware of sulfites in vinegar. It holds its own preservation via acid content.
Not too thick and more like regular vinegar. It's very good.
Vinegar is naturally gluten-free. If you have a severe allergy and concern, you should contact the producer.
This is absolutly the best balsamic vinegar. Their olive oil is also fabulous. They are very pure. I have talked with the company (family owned).
10... Serving size 5... Servings per container 2... 5*2=10
Dietary Fiber 6g + Sugars 0g + Sugar Alcohols 20g = 1g Net Carb per serving (5 pieces), roughly 2 servings per pack (about 10 cups total).
Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil is one of the ingredients. Even if the label says "zero" for transfats, the FDA allows small amounts in your food. As a rule, if you see "partially hydrogenated" it IS a transfat.
one bit leads to another. can you control yourself?
Sugar, partially hydrogenated palm kernel oil and coconut oil, whey(milk), soy lecithin, natural and artificial flavor, artificial color, and salt.
There is a warning on the package about being processed in the same facility as nuts, dairy, and soy.
Yes, they are the little ones.
Hi there! Unfortunately, Abe's Market does not currently ship anywhere outside of the 48 contiguous US states. We do hope to offer this in the future though!
Onion,black pepper,garlic,parsley,celery seed,tomato powder,tomato,guar gum,basil,thyme,oregano,sage and coriander.It's all organic but I dont think it's gluten free and I'm trying to stay away from gluten products.But this is great tasting to me and haven't had any complaints.It's taste like a bunch of herbs put together in one bottle..Good on eggs anyway you cook them..hope this helped you..
Yes it is salt free also it is very good. The lemon pepper is not salt free.
not sure, check out the ingredients on the amazon page. It shows whats in there. It's a great product by the way!
Can't answer the question, but do know that ( and hope it's okay to say this) iherb.com will ship to you and they do carry this seasoning.
Sept 2016. I ordered a number of different Simply Organic spices from amazon last month and they all have a 2016 expiration date. This is an excellent blend!
It's green
It's a really fine powder. Nix on tea ball. It will probably clog filter quickly.
It is a plant product. I would assume so.
The one I just got a few months ago is from South America . But older ones I bought where from China.
Its raw stevia, not processed other than dried and pulverized. I use it and think its a safe product...
I hate to tell you this but this is NOT white Stevie powder. I thought it was. It's just ground up leaves in powder form and it BROWN!. And it tastes like mulch. Not sure if I'll make brownies with it or what. But it will make whatever you put it in BROWN. I use Stevie every day and have turned to packets or a blend with lactose powder for coffee/iced tea etc. From Trader Joe's. Thought I'd save a bunch buying this powder but it's cheap because it's unrefined leaf powder. Hope this information helps you.
According to their website www.simplyorganic.com, NO. Their powdered "cinnamons" are either Cinnamomum burmannii or Cinnamomum loureirii which are considered cassia, not Cinnamomum verum or "Ceylon/True Cinnamon".
That is precisely what you'll get here. I used to buy cinnamon in my local stores, but was lucky to get this instead. The taste is milder and far superior. I prepare espresso with half and half and sprinkle this cinnamon on top of crema every morning.
No it will not dissolve in any liquid that i have put it into. It does not clump up either. It tends to blend throughout the liquids i have added it to. Some will settle on the bottom and some floats on the top and anywhere in between. The one thing I do know is that I love the flavor and No, I don't know what part of Asia it comes from, it is a blend of different cinnamon barks and the taste is very uniform from bottle to bottle. Some people are pretty picky about where cinnamon comes from but all I can find out is what I just mentioned. Sorry I could not be of more help. Harold
I cannot answer your question with a definite yes or no. I tried researching it on the internet and I think it is a blend of ceylon and other asian varieties. I don't honestly know if it is truly " organic ". All I can verify is that it is the best tasting cinnamon I have ever tasted. For me, where it comes from is mute point. IT just has the right "bite" on my tongue. Sorry I am unable to answer your question with a definite yes or no. Harold
It is not irradiated. Food irradiation is prohibited by organic certification standards. This is really good cinnamon! I won't buy any other brand.
I did not find Ceylon on the bottle, only that it is certified natural organic cinnamon. It is really good and keeps my type 2 diabetes under control.
Hello Susan! The only difference between ceylon and cassia cinnamon is that ceylon is slightly sweeter and more refined. Both types of cinnamon will provide health benefits. We hope this helps!
I found a conversion chart that says 12 tsp per ounce. So there should be about 30. That seems about right based on the size of the jar.
Yes!
I looked on the bottle and all it says is organic cinnamon. Sorry I couldn't help.
I recommend keeping the ginger in a dark, dry spot. My ginger is kept in my spice cabinet. After opening the ginger 6 months ago, the flavor still has the same intensity as day one. It is a great product.
There are lots of recipes for drinks with ground ginger on yummly.com. This is the best ground ginger I have found. I smells so good.
Ginger root is edible. You can buy the roots in food markets. Don't know what health rules would apply to your sale.
Thanks for reaching out! That's a great question for Simply Organic directly, at 800-437-3301.
yes
There is nothing on the container indicating where the ginger was grown. It is certified organic.
Glass bottle.
In my opinion I feel that it seem to carry the the medicinal properties as boiling the ginger root, but again fresh is always better. I really love this powder organic Ginger Root, very easy to make with a touch of honey is great! I store it in dark cabinets so it keeps its potency. So yes, great product! I highly recommend it and will buy again.
Simply Organic's website says the origin of the ginger is China.
Yes, it is USDA certified. There is a label on the back of the glass container.
Dude. Just make amends with your dealer and carry on in life. No, this is not the deep web ...this ....is AMAZOOOOONNNNNNNN
Yes yes it is I'd has nothing added to it it is basically just cut raspberry leaves smoking it is not intended to get you high just for flavor
No. Nothing tastes better than weed.
Yes, Thank you! :)
When will yall start selling weed for real I want Mary jane
Yes raspberry leaf is a legal herb that most people use for tea. We have recently found that people are also using it to smoke when they are trying to quit cigarettes.
It has A lot in the box.
No. It's herbal tea.
Hello, First I tried smoking it. Very Harsh.Then I made tea with it. It is very smooth and quite tasty.find it to be a relaxing but uplifting tea. The price can't be beat. OrYou could palindrome raspberry bushes, then You get the benefit of the berries. I hope this was helpful rev
You can smoke anything you can set on fire but first ask yourself why?
Yes otherwise you won't get the benefits because they will pass through you undiigeated. I use a coffee bean grinder and it works just fine.
From the container label: "Natural-Non GMO"
Yes - but depends on the option you choose. Currently you have the choice of number of bags: 2,3,4,5,6,8,12. They are one-pound bags each, so selecting 2 bags would mean 2x 1lb = 2lbs. Selecting 12 bags would mean 12x 1lb = 12lbs. Make sure you select the appropriate amount that you want to buy.
I have a vitamix & blend this in this into a smoothie every morning! Why use low speed? I throw in a frozen banana, some almonds or protein powder, 4 tbls hemp, gogi berries, chia seeds, flax & as many mixed berries as I can. 3 times x week, I add kale. Flax blends beautifully!
No, They are hard seed that needs to be cracked before you eat them to get the most benefit.
These Flax Seeds are born in the USA
Not sure what aspect of this product you are referring to by its "origin?" If you're asking where it is grown, that is not listed on the package. The company (NOW Foods) that sells (distributes) this product is located in Bloomingdale IL, 60108. You might try contacting them if you want to know where the flax is grown. I can tell you they are certified as organic and I find them to be of high quality and good tasting.
Yes....you will receive 2-16oz bags. great deal.
The package lists "Dietary Fiber" as 8 grams per serving (serving size is listed as 2 Tablespoons or 21 grams). It does not list what percentage of that fiber is soluble and insoluble. I would think that other general information web sites can be found that provide that type of detail for flax seeds in general and there wouldn't be a significant difference between different types of flaxseed. I can say this is a high quality product with a great taste. I include it with my morning smoothie and I also sprinkle it on top of a variety of baked foods (veggie burgers, egg rolls etc.) As for fiber issues, there is no need for reading material in my bathroom.
My expiration date is: 03/2015. I found it on the back of the package on the brown portion along with the Lot #1574467A. Hart to read black printing on a brown/black patterned shiny plastic bag. Hope this helps. If not contact Now Foods with the code and they should be able to give you a "best" or "sell by" date.
Coconut oil and coconut butter is not the same thing. Coconut butter is the meat of the coconut ground up. It has a different texture.
I just opened a jar I purchased over 2 years ago (each 54 fl oz jar lasts a long time), and it still tastes (and looks) just as fresh as the first jar I bought and opened (I'm on my 3rd jar). I also have a fourth 54 fl oz jar I keep at work. It's been open for a year and is still good. From what I've read about coconut oil, it does not go rancid.
Absolutely no sweeteners added, and the best coconut manna, I would call it, that I have ever tasted. YUM!
No, you would use cocoa butter, coconut OIL, or shea butter. see a recipe at www.wellnessmama.com
No
I have not tried that. If I were you I would experiment with a small amount.
I have never used coconut cream. Coconut butter is puree coconut flesh with coconut oils, I use in my oatmeal and other hot cereal, on toast, baking and into my stir fry vegetables right before I'm finished cooking.
This is from the Artisan Coconut Butter website, and any of the 3 methods they recommend works great.: There are several ways to warm up your jar of Coconut Butter. Option 1: You can put the jar into hot water. Option 2: You can put it in the microwave. Please be aware that the fibers in the Coconut Butter will scorch very easily. We recommend no more than 15-20 seconds at a time. Which leads us to option 3: wrap the jar in a heating pad and then walk away. Whatever option you choose, once the jar is warm all the way thru it will be semi liquid and easily spreadable. Depending on the temperature of the room it has been known to stay soft for several days. Suggestion for future use: Our favorite thing to do is to warm the jar all the way thru and then pour the Coconut Butter into ice cube trays. Put the trays in the fridge or freezer. Once the Coconut Butter is solid again, pop out the cubes and keep them in the fridge so they will maintain their shape. That way you only have to heat a small portion at a time instead of working with the whole jar.
It tastes great on a spoon; I like to just eat it straight from the jar! But to answer your question, it is hard, so it needs to be able to melt (or soften) to spread, so it is good on something like toast. If softened, you could eat it with apple slices or something like that. I find that it is too hard to add to a smoothie, but I have melted it and added cacao, nuts, etc. to make a snack. But really, I just like to eat it plain, straight from the jar.
That depends on what you are comparing it to and what you are making out of it. I've made decent coconut fudge out of this, which came out smooth; no blending.
Absolutely not. No sugar at all. In fact the almonds are organic and raw and uncooked. This is the best tasting almond butter I have ever had in my life. I buy 20 boxes at a time and I eat it every single day. It is very expensive but very delicious. The only downside is you have to stir it up because the oil comes to the top. It's nothing but organic raw uncooked almonds. Nothing else that's the only ingredient.
I never do. Just keep it in a cooler place away from the stove. I think the company says it is fine after opened unrefrigerated for up to a month. My last jar was open and unrefrigerated for several months and I am still alive :)
No shells, it is a smooth butter and tastes better than several others I have tried. Also NO sugar which is what I wanted.
Unless Artisana has changed their sources, this is made from pasteurized, California almonds. If you're looking for raw almond butter from non-pasteurized almonds, you can Google "non-pasteurized raw almond butter."
No oil added. I have bought almond butter before where you have to stir forever. This has so much flavor. I really love it and will reorder this brand. It's the first almond butter that really tastes like real almonds. It has small crunchy pieces, which I love. I don't think you will be disappointed.
Hi Clare, Are you asking if the Artisana has no salt added? If so, they list their ingredients as 100% raw almonds. I doubt they add salt and don't put it on the label as that would get them in legal trouble. If you like your almond butter with salt, I'd suggest adding your own, preferably sea salt. If you're interested in "non-pasteurized almond butter" without salt, you should search that term on line. You also might see if you can find a small California grower who makes their own almond butter as there's an exception to the USDA regulations for up to 100 pounds a day, direct to the consumer.
It does have only KSA, but no Kosher OU
Hello Jeff! This Raw Almond Butter is relatively smooth.
Hello Susan, The Raw Almond Butter is in a glass container.
It does have a little oil on top
Yep! You can use this frosting for cup cakes....any type of cake or cookie, etc. It's pretty thick, but can be thinned out with milk or cream. The ony thing I didn't like about this frosting was the taste. It has a salty after taste. On taste alone, I cannot recommend this frosting.
You can add flavoring very easily to it. Take out what you are going to need and add your flavoring to taste or you can add the entire container to a mixer and add your flavoring that way as well. Be very careful using liquid flavorings because it will change the consistency.
I dont refrigerate it as ling as is sealed properly your good if you refrigerate it will get hard and you wont be able to use it decorate
No. Not at all. Please read my review for details. Personally I think Wilton should go back to the drawing board on this recipe.
Sugar, Vegetable Shortening, water, corn syrup, corn starch, titanium dioxide(color), salt, natural and artificial flavors, potassium sorbate, propylene glycol mon anddiesters of fats and fatty acids, lactylic esters of fatty acids, guar gum, carob seed gum, tbhq (preservatives).
I use it for cupcakes all th time and wedding cakes
I decorated about 175 mini cupcakes with 1 tub just as a comparison. It would do LOTS!
I really don't know. If you are using handmade flowers, many layers, all these things play a part. I would suggest buying one tub for a regular cake and see how much you use to do a mini version of the wedding cake. Then you can judge what you would need for the actual cake.
we've used it multiple times and it does well. Everyone likes it's taste and it works great for decorating.
Organic turbinado sugar
Yes
19 grams
org turbinado sugar, org non-fat dry milk, org cocoa powder, org vanilla flavor, sea salt and xanthan gum delicious hot or cold
Haha sorry you had to go through the experience of tasting this awful product! I have long since given up on this stuff- the only thing I've ever heard someone use it in and find it tolerable was in a chocolate protein smoothie (they wanted a hint of pb flavor) and even with all that flavor/sugar covering it up/helping it the person still could barely stand it. I threw mine out, it just wasn't worth trying to save for me. =p maybe slathering Nutella or something over it would help? (But uh...that sorta cancels out the whole point of this zero-calorie spread, doesn't it? Lol)
Copied from their site. *TRIPLE FILTERED PURIFIED WATER, VEGETABLE FIBER, SEA SALT, CORN STARCH, XANTHAN GUM (THICKENER MADE FROM VEGETABLES), NATURAL FRESH ROASTED PEANUT FLAVOR, NATURAL PEANUT EXTRACT, CARAMEL COLOR, LACTIC ACID, SODIUM BENZONATE (TO PRESERVE FRESHNESS), SUCRALOSE (SPLENDA), FD&C YELLOW#5, YELLOW#6 *Contains trace calories It has a very faint peanut flavor, but it really doesn't contain peanuts...That's how they get away w/no fat...
Not that I know of. The chemical makeup usally doesn't have alcohol. It tastes weird.
I've heard raves about PB2..I've never had it but this stuff is plain nasty. I do not recommend. At all.
I don't know what shipping costs are but if you pay for shipping yes.
You need to direct that type of question the company that makes it rather than an online seller that sells it.
Yes, but it tastes so horrible, not worth it
I have not noticed the weight difference. I will say that the Kirkland Signature nuts are delicious. Most are whole halves and some broken pieces. Maybe the weight difference is in the package?. The price is reasonable and product you cannot beat. Just be sure the walnuts you order say Kirkland !
Yes they are.
no they just walnuts
Don't know. Finished the bag already. But it was some of the best walnuts I have bought the last few years
For some reason I am thinking they were raised in California because they are Kirkland. I have been pleased with the Kirkland walnuts from Amazon. I have no idea if they have been sprayed or not.
The packaging says California.
Hello Penny, I keep these in the freezer and refill my mason jar in my larder every couple of weeks, I am no sure how long they can be kept in the freezer but sometimes I reach into the bag for a quick cold sample on my way out the door. I think they could last in the freezer for months. Hope this helps...
I don't think these are organic as that is not stated on the label.
They are so expensive because the person selling these goes to costco buys them, then sells them through amazon.
No salt. They were great for baking and I think you could add salt if you wanted. I candied some of them so I am sure you could salt them just the same.
Yorkshire Gold makes a much TASTIER cup of tea. Once you've tried Yorkshire Gold, you will never go back, promise. It's the King of Teas.
No. Buy any airtight container like OXO Good Grips POP Square 0.9-Quart Storage Container and just put them in it. You can buy Yorkshire Gold but you get 40 for the same price as 160 (Taylors Yorkshire Gold (20 Individually Wrapped Tea Bags). Find another brand and look for "foil" or "individually wrapped" in the description; it will be more money for this.
Yorkshire Gold is my favorite English Tea. It is a little stronger than PG Tips or Ty-phoo. I use tea bags. The tea in the tea bags is larger than a powder, but not whole leaves. I would say it's more of the size of pepper that have gone through a pepper mill. I use Yorkshire gold for my morning tea, and Ty-hoo or PG tips for afternoon tea.
Please understand, we ship out your order within 3 days. However, it takes 4-6 weeks for the shipment to arrive. Please understand before placing an order.
I think Lyons might be a little stronger with more of a roasted flavor. Taylors of Harrogate is still a strong, full-bodied black tea but with a very warm, golden flavor when brewed correctly Melanie
My last box was the same. I think Amazon must have made a mistake. Hope they can get you the right thing. There is really no other tea quite like it.
Hello, Unfortunately that tea is not available within the UK. So we will not be able to sell that version.
The ones I buy are square bags with no strings. I like the flavor very much!
Why don't you try ordering it the normal way people do it on Amazon? Why don't you ask for Amazon "Help"? I order Taylors' tea regularly, one box at a time, and never have a problem. Scriva
My box was fine! My favorite tea to wake up to "of a marnin! "
In warm weather it is liquid but if kept in a/c or winter cool it is solid. It tells you this is noal on the label. Also you may find se dark bits but that is from the inner coconut. I don't cook with it but could. I use it to remove makeup, moisturizer my African daughters hair, and just normal moisture on my dry skin.
I don't think so . I beleive it is from the Philippines. What I had was good ,
They come in glass jars - which is why it is so heavy!
yes it is
It did not for me. It does not close...
I have not measured the amount. I do know that you can dispense more or less by how evenly you push down on the pump. Ok, just made myself a glass of Mango tea so that I could possibly answer you. It seems that each pump was almost a tablespoon and probably would have been if I hadn't been trying to make the stream of syrup hit the measure. One tablespoon is 15 ml. which is 1/2 ounce. That is my best guesstimate! Hope that helps. I usually put 3 pumps per 16 oz. of tea. That gives me the taste that I prefer.
It should fit the Monin syrup bottle but don't think it is meant to fit other 1 liter bottles. Either way it does come with the plunger locked down. You have to hold the notched top part just below the spout and unscrew it to unlock. It will spring raise up about three inches. Then insert into the bottle and tighten with the lower part of the pump like a bottle cap.
yes, the pump is available separately
I believe so, yes.
It seems to do better with natural light but ive used plant lights on it too. You have to be religious about watering it though or it will die.
It'll die, needs air and light, in the winter time bring in the house for the night, depends on ur winter temperatures,summer time no more then 95F, but not on the direct light put in a shade, keep soil moisture
if a bonsai is properly planted it should need water every other day it should pretty much run rigt through the plant
I don't know!!! Ask the seller!!!
Has no rocks glued, exposed doil and roots.
if you want to call us at 1800 790 2763 we have a few beige pots we can put it in for you at no additional cost.
The pot is the same as the picture, can't advise on drip tray. My tree arrived nearly dead.
To put it bluntly ; they did not travel well. One was dead and t other I revived for about 3 months. Not worth t time and money!
The 0:10:10 By Ho Yoku Bonsai Care Products is good. It is nitrogen free and sold here at Amazon. Make sure to follow directions on the label.
Yes it does
Your tree is an outdoor tree but can be put inside if it is below 50 outside. Your tree may dry out in the house! Be careful not to let this happen! I have mine inside so I keep my eye on them.
Yes! In winter it is dry in your house so misting will help!!
I have best luck with normal top watering until the water runs through and out of the pot. Soaking sometimes makes the dirt run off. Bonsais like lots of water and sun. The small junipers dry out quickly so water very frequently.
yes, amazon will combine the shipping cost if you purchase multiple items at once
My tree is now all brown and brittle. Don't know why. For several months it was growing fine and had visible new growth. Then it just stopped growing and everything turned brown, within a few days. Startling. I was advised to try putting it outside but I didn't see any improvement. Then the weather starting getting cold so I brought it back inside. I was also advised that this is really an outside plant. I would not recommend it for an office. Even in a house with the windows open and good sunlight and good humidity, mine didn't make it. Still am taking care of it. But my hope is waning that there will be a comeback. The Winter in Minnesota was not a factor.
The care instructions that came with the tree I bought stated that it was three years old. (Note: I have had it for a year now and it is doing beautifully!)
I had one in my office cubicle, which got only artificial light, and it thrived. It does need pruning if you want to shape it and you should not let the soil get too dry. But it is a very soothing addition to any room. I never tried putting it outside but my brother has one next to his garden. He just lets it grow naturally in a large pot, much like the shrub that it is. I prefer to domesticate it by keeping it inside.
I gave it as a gift but i think the pot was about 6-8 inches long...and it was ceramic. The bonsai was shipped really well and it's still alive and green. ;)
Yes it is.
Hi Leighann, The company is based in Baltimore, Maryland. However, the bee farms are actually all located in upstate New York. -Adriel Lubarsky NaturalSweetie www.NaturalSweetie.biz
Mine came in a glass jar. I'm not sure why your product was in plastic
It is based in Maryland.
there is a seal, but it gets unstuck sometimes during the delivery probably because of all the shaking....the seal is probably stuck to the bottom of the cap...should be fine
I do not think so.
in this page it is calculate according to the shipping weight, 1.5 Pound, 24 oZ, exactly 0.7 per oz the person that created this page did not enter different figure for the item actual weight, so amazon system take the shipping weight figure instead
a bit too thick to stir...
It should say pesticide free next to the product and I believe that a mistake was made when putting the product on this site.
It takes three pieces to equal one shot of espresso.
There is no preparation involved. It's wrapped pieces of espresso-filled chocolate.
I think you need to call Amazon. They obviously missed your query.
3-25-15
Made and imported from Italy.
I'm seeing no expiration on any of the boxes i have. Only thing I see is 17 03 13. But no exp in front of it.
I do not sell Pocket Pack coffee, but having encountered it while on vacation in Sicily I ordered a pack. This was about three years ago. Sorry I can't help.
Yes, you should be able to select "send as a gift" when checking out on Amazon.
YES, it does contain walnuts
Glazed cherries, glazed pineapple, nuts, citrus fruit, cake, etc.
Lots! In every recipe. It varies by recipe. Don't know the specifics of this particular fruit cake, but it was delicious.
I am sorry, we ate it and didn't save the container. Mostly nuts and candied fruit.
Yes- good ideas-- my mother used to always add two peeled, sliced apples to her jarred mincemeat- Mincemeat is very concentrated, should have chopped or sliced apples added.. Sally B
I don't have a jar to tell you but I did buy two jars and they are NOT worth the price. In fact, Borden's or any other brand is much better. I was very disappointed with Robertson's mincemeat--grainy sugar, not much taste, just ordinary flavor.
The ingredients (found on the product page) are: Sugar, Apples, Raisins, Sultanas, Candied Mixed Peel (Corn Syrup, Orange Peel, Sugar, Lemon Peel, Citric Acid), Palm Oil, Treacle, Currants, Sunflower Oil, Acetic Acid, Rice Flour, Spices, Citric Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Salt. It tastes great and appears to be vegetarian.
I only use it to make English mince pies. I don't think it would make a good ice cream topping. Too sweet!
Yes it does. Good luck finding one that doesn't.
Three months after the fact (from the Christmas Holidays), I cannot honestly remember what "green" fruits were included. I will say, however, that I have enjoyed Claxton fruit cakes over the past 60+ years and have yet to find their pleasurable equal. People that don't like fruit cake have never had a Claxton.
on the package its self, it has all the ingredients you regularly put in an fruitcake, again someone on here stated they not dried out like most fruitcakes and he's right they are moisted, plus we had one in the freezer over 6 months and it was still moist
Hello Norman, I just checked the Claxton Fruit Cake website and the mention using "imitation rum flavoring" and I can find no mention of alcohol as a listed ingredient. I have purchased fruit cakes in the past that were laced with rum or other alcohol and you could tell that was the case as soon as you opened the container. I don't remember that with this product. So my answer is "I don't believe so.". Happy Holidays...
As far as I know, these fruitcakes last for months as long as the package remains un-opened.
Well, as the name of the product says, "3-1lb" - that is, you get three packages, each one being one pound in weight.
I can't say, because I've never tried Hostess. But this is very moist, not "cakey", with a good balance of flavor. If he likes "Hostess", he might not like this since Hostess seemed like they were mass market, even kid oriented. If he likes fruitcake, this might become his new standard. I tried some by Benson that I got at Frys (Kroger) which was much more cakey, and how I imagine Hostess might have been. If I were in your shoes, I might get him a "sampler" of the fruitcakes available to see which he likes best to replace Hostess (which was finally put out of business by a union dispute)
No Cinnamon, fruit & nuts and very good !
I would have said no but find it as the third ingredient on the list on the package. Wonderful cake I think.
no rum sorry
.....yes....what kind of person would buy an alcoholic gift for a recovering alcoholic?
I measured the bottle and the Neck is 3/4" long. The Body is 1 1/4" long. The neck is 3/8" wide and the body is 7/8" wide. Total length is 2"
The box shows a statement saying there is 50 per cent cocoa solids in the dark chocolate along with the other ingredients. I'm not sure if this is the info you are looking for, but I can tell you this is the 4th year in a row I have purchased this item. Go for it!
The box says, "may contain traces of milk and nuts." Nothing about eggs though.
liquors are definitely in these.....my son's favourite!!
I purchased my boxes last November (2013) and both boxes had a date of expiration of November 2014; basically a year.
Sorry, we only ship to US.
The box we received was fresh and without leaks. Very pleased with it
8 flavors. 8 "bottles"
You would need to call the manufacturer and ask expiration dates vs their inventory and when shipped. Consumers would not have any idea of that information. I can tell you that they don't last more than 3 or 4 weeks because we eat them. I can also tell you that we ordered these more than three times in the past year. One pack arrived here in California for Father's day and we put the last half dozen pieces in the fridge when it got hot at the end of June. We forgot them in there for over two months and the liquor started to blend with the chocolate. By September, they were not as good - so I would not recommend putting them in the fridge or leaving them there for extended period of time.
Unsulphured molasses is a type of molasses that has not been treated with sulphur dioxide. Sulphur dioxide is a preservative that is sometimes added to molasses. Molasses comes in three grades - mild, dark, and blackstrap. All three grades are available as sulphured or unsulphured. The presence of sulphur dioxide in the molasses does not affect its use in cooking or baking. Suggest Edits Molasses is produced during the processing of sugar cane. The sugar cane is mashed to extract juice from the pulp, and the juice is then heated to separate out the natural sugars. The juice remaining after the first heating and removal of sugar is a light, mild molasses. If the remaining juice is heated a second time, the liquid that remains after the second removal of sugar is dark molasses. Blackstrap molasses is formed after the third cycle of heating and removing sugar from the sugar cane juice. Mature, ripe sugar cane produces molasses with the highest sugar content. Unsulphured molasses is made from this older sugar cane. The high sugar content of this type of molasses acts as a natural preservative. Molasses produced from young sugar cane has a lower sugar content. Sulphur dioxide is added to molasses produced from young sugar cane to act as a preservative and help prevent spoilage.
Yes, 1.6mg per cup. Providing 82% of the daily value based on 2,000 cal per day.
It comes in plastic jar.
Typically jar labels do not have enough room to list all the nutritional information. The only required information is the values for sugar, carbohydrate, fat and protein. The label information shown as "Unsulphured" Molasses distinguishes it from "Sulphured" Molasses for consumer information to allow consumers to choose their preference. For nutritional information, one source is found at: http://www.naturalnews.com/026296_molasses_health_sugar.html I hope this has been helpful.
I have purchased the 32 oz jar but I use it to make dog treats so I haven't tasted! I do like the product though & dogs love my treats!
Yes! It has just a tiny bit of the bite you expect from a blackstrap molasses. I'll buy it again.
From Golden Barrel's FAQ website Golden BarrelOctober 2, 2014 at 10:37 AM Hi Nathan, The sugarcane is grown either in the USA or from one of the 40 different countries as permitted by the USDA Sugar Quota Program. All the processing from sugarcane into molasses is done in the USA.
According to the label, Calories = 50 per serving, Calcium = 20% and Iron = 25%
I do not know of any substantiated evidence that Blackstrap Molasses will affect hair color. This product is the "real deal" in Blackstrap molasses! I personally take a tonic of 1 tablespoon Blackstrap Molasses with 1 teaspoon of baking soda in a cup of water for raising my body pH to be more alkali. There are many proven benefits to taking this regularly.
I don't have that bottle anymore but have the Mother Hubbard pure blackstrap molasses now and it says 14g of carbohydrates in one tablespoon and molasses better for you than white sugar or brown sugar but I use stevia for a lower calorie option in my coffee.
Honey never goes bad. Even when it crystallizes, it is still edible.
I don't think it's raw...it's definitely been pasturized or strained as there are no bits of honeycomb etc floating in it
Its plastic
Plastic sturdy container.
It does not indicate specifically on the label or bottle anything about BPA free. Says "PETE" and has the little recyclable arrow-triange with a #1 in the middle....
Yes it is listed as central or south American rainforest.
it has on the bottle product of BR which I assume is Brazil
One and half month after order
Box doesn't say
Date of production is on the cartoon box.
Suggest you consider some other brands. It has an awful smell like spoiled nuts in its recent products which I received.
I put it in a glass mason jar or you can do a glass screw jar. I put a scoop inside to make it easy to get out ... It can last months because it's dried grain .. Also look on date exp on side ... I would say a good 6 months or so?
My kids like to eat this rice, the other question I have not noticed. I do not know whether to help you?
Yes 6 jars
If there is one around your area, check out Target 1st. It's cheaper there
Thank you for your interest! Unfortunately, we are not able to mix and match within a pack, and can only ship what is listed here. I appreciate your understanding regarding this.
May 18, 2015
I email Happy Baby company this question and received the following reply - Most Happy Family product lines are made in the United States from domestic and/or imported ingredients, with the exception of Happy Munchies Rice Cakes (which are made in the Netherlands) and Happy Munchies Fruit & Veggie Crisps and Happy Times Veggies Pals (which are made in Germany). The quality of their products is really good and my baby absolutely loves their cereal, puffs and pouches. I highly recommend Happy Bellies and Amazon alway has them in stock at good prices.
The temperature at 50 degrees is ok.
I bought happy bellies multigrain cereal in December 2014. Exp date was December 2015.
I don't work for the company - but saw this email posted at The Bump website http://forums.thebump.com/discussion/8504871/article-on-arsenic-found-in-rice-including-rice-cereal "Hi Kristin, Thank you so much for writing in. We are happy to inform you that all of the organic brown rice used in Happy Family products is sourced from California. It is regularly tested for arsenic, and detectable levels have never been found. We understand that the recent report was very concerning for parents, so if you have any additional questions, don't hesitate to be in touch. All the best, Natalya"
My son is 20 months and he is still eating them. He loves it when you mix yogurt, baby cereal, fruit pouch, and chopped fruit together. It is a great summer food.
Contains organic cereals, organic brown rice, but also added a multiple vitamin.
B.lactis is a probiotic strain of friendly bacteria known to stimulate the immune response. It also helps to relieve constipation and prevents diarrhea, especially in children. This is not milk related. calcium phosphate is added just like the other probiotics in powder form.
I only know for oatmeal - it's 13NOV2015
2015.5
well this is my transition food between the breast and getting my kid onto solids, at 3-4 months my baby was ready for some what of solid food, so this was one of my first introductions to it. but each baby is different. Your baby kinda tells you when they are ready for this type of food.
Mine is in plastic. Great syrup.
It smells like a lighter version of vanilla extract. I've used it for some baking like in lemon bars and muffins. I also like using it in homemade frosting.
It isn't sugar free, pure cane sugar is the first ingredient on the lable which I believe means it is the main ingredient since it i listed first. There may be a sugar free version, however, the French vanilla and vanilla bottles we use do have sugar.
It was 18 months to the expiration date so there was plenty of time for the two of us to use 4 bottles!
There were 4 bottles of this syrup in my order at this price.
Yes. Each bottle has its own pump. Enjoy. Coffee creamer made easy.
2 bottles. But as a warning, when I bought these, they forgot to put the pumps in the box. You cant reuse them from a previous bottle either.
No, it sits at room temperature. I buy this to share at work. Great deal for those of us that like cream and sugar. This sweetened creamer gives you that in one shot. The 2 pack is an awesome price! The cheapest I've seen anywhere. Enjoy!!
The bottom of my boxes say "best by October 2015". That means the tea will have the strongest tasting flavor by then. But each tea bag is individually wrapped so I don't think any air could get to the bag to diminish the flavor. I love this tea and drink it year round!
^ 6boxes with 20 tea bags in each one hope that helps
The ingredient list on thethe box states Gluten Free.
The USDA does not enforce or have a department for organic honey certification. The USDA will actually NOT certify honey. But countries from outside of the USA can actually import honey and say its organic. Then they can mark it as such. If you see a USDA Certified Organic honey it is NOT a product of the USA or its from a beekeeper who sells less than $10,000 worth of honey in a year. If you sell under that amount you aren't held to any labeling restrictions.
Any honey you buy will most likely outlive you. I disagree with MamabearO 100%. The National Honey Board states..."Honey stored in sealed containers can remain stable for DECADES and even CENTURIES! However, honey is susceptible to physical and chemical changes during storage; it tends to darken and lose its aroma and flavor or crystallize. These are temperature-dependent processes, making the shelf life of honey difficult to define. For practical purposes, a shelf life of two years is often stated. Properly processed, packaged and stored honey retains its quality for a long time." I guess "for practical purposes" is the key phrase here. I translate that to mean... Yeah, the jar says 2 yrs, but really it's good waaay longer than that." Honey, no matter what form (filtered/raw), is going to outlast all of us. Even you MamabearO.
Unheated honey is cloudy as soon as it is extracted. This cloudiness gradually increases day-by-day as the honey thickens, and ultimately raw honey becomes hard, or crystallized. Do not worry, the honey is not ruined, it`s not old. Because honey is super saturated, one of the sugars in it losses water and takes the form of a crystal. You can put jar in warm water to dissolve the crystals, do not heat it,do not kill all the benefits ! I use a big spoon to get the honey ;the raw honey and hot green tea make my body and soul happy and healthy!!!!
Raw honey from a store typically is cloudy because of crystallization. Only processed honey keeps its clear color over time because it is heat-treated and filtered.
Ugh, come on guys, she asked about hair and skin, not how great it tastes; I'm sure we all know that by now! Kate: I actually only use this for my face-it's not so sweet and I only use this in my tea if I run out of my trader joes raw organic honey. For my face it is fantastic! I'm allergic to everything so this has become my cleanser, face wash, and moisturizer all in one (though I do use various oils afterwards on my face) but its fantastic for whole body, softening, making less sensitive, calming, etc. I think you'll def enjoy it! I have not tried on my hair yet but others I know love it in washes! Hope it helps! V.
Alfalfa
The Nutrition Facts label states: Serving Size = 1 tablespoon; calories per serving= 60 (30 servings per 22 oz. container); Og fat, 0 g sodium; Total Carbs = 17 g (16 g are sugar, doesn't say what the other gram is); 0 g protein.
This one is not organic. Some people confuse the NAME OF THE COMPANY on the jar (which says "YS Organic Bee Farms") with the product actually being organic. It is not. This is raw non-organic honey. I don't really care about the organic part, just that it's raw, AND tastes delicious. (Which I assure you this one does!)
The label states that it comes unprocessed right from the hives. And it's harvested from healthy bees from ECO friendly diverse regions. This is the best honey in my book to a natural taste, not surgery, no crystals forming. I have chronic pain issues and I take a small spoon of honey in the afternoon to boost my energy levels for the rest of my day. I hope this helps you. Have a good evening.
What? Watch the H2 channel.
American label
Hi Ricky, Thank you for your interest in our Triple Crate of Pistachios. The crate contains 3 pounds of pistachios and the overall weight of the crate when shipped is 6.8 pounds. We hope this information in helpful. Have a great day! Casa de Fruta
Thank you for your question. Our Triple Crate of Pistachios contains 3 pounds of pistachios. The ship weight of the package is 6 pounds 8 ounces.
Good honey but prefer umf honey
On the back of the bottle it states best used by October 2017. So you got at least 4 years of shelf life.
Yes
The supplier/manufacturer has increased the prices.
I just purchased a bottled a few months ago- it expires on May 2018!
CalComp Nutrition, Inc. is not shipping internationally at this time.
CalComp Nutrition, Inc. is not shipping internationally at this time. Regards, Kim CalComp Nutrition, Inc.
I don't refrigerate mine- haven't had any spoilage/problems. Consistency of this honey is more like peanut butter-thick.
it's 400+
Definitely Raw. Real Manuka honey has not undergone heat treatment - it is pure, organic and raw You can research by searching you tube
Give your self a three hour window from the time you FINISH the drink. You need to have like a full three hours to drink enough water for you to get the full cleanse. WATER is Key!
Honestly you might try psyllium fiber pills and green tea slim pills, they work better then the drink I'm a felony probation nd I was that, pass all the time, strip is good but your body gets use to it, nd stops,working, strip only last 6hr if that
I purchased this Cleanser over six month's ago, it's long gone so I cannot answer that question for you, sorry.
Waste of Time do not buy
Dont do anything 72 hours before u take it, follow directions yo the letter, it will clean u out until u use again
Drink lots of water a gallon a day, dnt smoke anything for 72 hours, before yu take drink, 80 hours would be better, walk or jog, if yu can, steam shower, but honestly yu should be fine, since Yur not a heavy smoker, urinate a lot within those 72-80 hours, drink the drink follow directions to the t
i was normal smoker (1 pack 2.5 days)- but i stopped smoking like 4 days before test. i have used it for nicotine test!!! its far more bad in taste as i thought. I almost vomit 3 times. My test was around 10 am, so i started drinking a day before around 7 pm. finish it up by 8 pm. I used chocalate shake, gatorade and gallon of water to subsidize its bad taste. Then my first 3 urine was Yellow color. Then the next four were light green. I took a berry juice while going to sleep. woke up in morning, and pass the test.
Although, maybe closer to two inch peices for 25.
You can order different flavors through Amazon and the vendors. I have cherry and blueberry. I am not sure if you can dye the candy, but I don';t think it would hurt.
I'm not sure. I'm just a customer. You would need to e-mail or call the company that sells it. Sorry.
Thanks for your question. Our organic tea is tested by individual labs and certified by international certification body - ECOCERT ICO. Hope that it helps. :)
Unfortunately I don't have a GC set up to test the caffeine content of the tea so the best I can give you is the statement from the package. On the box it states that, "Typically, a cup of oolong tea contains on average about 30 mg of caffeine."
I drink like 4 cups a day and I still feel great so its as safe as any other tea
yes it is
As a guy with an allergy to MJ I would say definitely NO. Maybe you are hyper-sensitive to herbs? That can sometimes mix=up scents.
Even though it's organic, I would say that there is some fluoride in this tea. There is nothing about fluoride on the box. I don' know about tea regulations in China. But, I very much like the tea. My own opinion.
I ordered the tea bag. the leaves feel stiff through the bag. However the flavor is there..as far as smell ,to me it smells like the Lipton tea bags, Hope this helps&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Yes
Yes, we do offer worldwide shipping on this item. Thank you, Customer Service
I would say it helped me to lose 7 pounds over a period of time. Slow but sure to keep weight off. It is the main ingredient in The THM "The Shrinker" and it taste so good. Look on internet for Thin Healthy Moms or enter THM The Shrinker. I'm bout to order me another box. Buying it on Amazon is less costly then at the stores. I tried to find at Walmart or grocery stores but could not. The tea stores are more expensive and you buy less for your money.
Hi, this is the best cinnamon on the market. It is pretty finely ground in the package (unless you buy the stick cinnamon) and blends into baking recipes or as my husband uses it, in his hot tea. For the hot cinnamon tea he just puts the cinnamon in with his tea bag by removing the bags staple, put about 1/8 teaspoon in and re-staple the bag. I've used it to make frosting for cinnamon rolls, yummy...:&gt;))).
Yes, this is cassia cinnamon. I'm not sure about the coumarin so you'll have to Google that.
I can't say for sure where it comes from, but it's supposed to be the Vietnamese type. It has a different taste and "heat" than the Ceylon cinnamon I purchased at the same time. I prefer the Ceylon, but that's just me and I wouldn't say this cinnamon is "worse" than the other, just different. I don't bake with it, only use it on steel-cut oatmeal and I switch the types every few days for a change-of-pace. I don't regret buying it.
I asked my nutritionist the same question. I divided it up into smaller air tight packets and keep only one on the shelf - about a 1/2 pint size which I use per month. I keep the remainder in the freezer. Both Nutritionist and Naturopath thought about 2 years without loosing nutritive value. That is the best I can do?
That nutritional detail is not on the label. I can't imagine why one would want to know. However, I imagine it is reasonably high because the cinnamon still is very aromatic many months after I bought it. The label reads, "Ground Vietnamese Premium Cinnamon, Certified Organic, Cinnamomum loureirri." That is all the information I have. You might try the Frontier Natural Products Co-op website. Good luck.
I do not know what the expiration date would be. The one I ordered was best by Sept 2016 and I am sure that I will be using it up prior to that date. I believe that it will probably start losing its flavor and potency as time goes on past the "best by date".
I do not know. The packaging state USDA organic. I have been using it with no ill side effects and it tastes delicious.
check this link, here are the herbs and the properties of each herb of this tea http://news.floressencetea.com/2012/08/09/floressesnce-tea-8-herb-spotlight/
I have never deviated from the instructions that come with the tea in fear of possibly interfering with the molecular balance. I always use purified water as this causes ionic action so I am told. try e-mailing Flor and see what they say. I follow the eating delay instructions also. Changing the ph of the mixture might damage it. Don't know for sure. Hope this helps.
We have never used the Mountain Rose Herbs Essiac so can not really tell you an answer to your question. We have used the Flor-Essence for more than 15 years and we make it from the packets instead of buying it bottled.
I included a brief summary of how to make the tea in my review. Click review and look for most review from Debbie. Hope it helps.
3 packets to 1 box, use a deep metal pan to help stop evaporation (the deeper the better) then you can get the 34 oz or more. My husband and I do not dilute as the directions say and we take 1 shot full each morning before we eat anything. To start out I would try 2 shot glass full. Try what works best for you. We hate to be with out this now. Have been using Flor -Essence for 5 yrs now.
I think 9
It has red clover blossom in it.
Three 32oz bottles ...I've been taking Flor Essence for over ten years. Highly recommend it....
0. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Package says Dry herbal tea blend - slippery elm is one - t Dry herbal blend - slippery elm is one. 3 pkgs, makes 3 times as much as the bottle, approx. Have used it for years w/satisfaction - Mild de-tox akes
Each packet makes ~34 ounces of tea. I start with 40oz of distilled water and usually wind up with about 31-32 after boiling. I will add a little distilled to make the final batch exactly 34 oz. if needed.
2/14. They are packaged so that they do not get damaged. If we are shipping to a hot state then ice packs may be included with Standard shipping and will be included with Expedited shipping.
Hello, They are shipped from the UK and we take up to 6 weeks to deliver.
Package wasn't expired anytime soon (at least 5 months later) but chocolates had coloration issues, bland taste, odd texture and most likely because they were exposed to heat first. Still technically edible but ... bleh. If you need the exact date, let me know.
Honestly the expiration date will be different when ordering the best hung to do is ask the seller. These are always fresh when get them and have no problem with expiration.
If you count in this way, it's 30 packs so that'll be 30 times 2 = 60 bars.
When I ordered they had a very good date, over a year or more. I have not ordered recently because I found them at Walmart.
There is a "no knead" recipe on it if you are making it without a breadmaker (you add more water)- but I put it in my breadmaker, which kneads it, and use the breadmaker instructions. I've been ordering this for a couple of years, and I have not noticed any difference. Does that help?
I don't see why not.
No, I just put some on my inside forearm-- when it feel slightly warm, I use it. Your body temperature is between 97 and 99 degrees- so when it feel lukewarm you are pretty close.
This is not for bread machines only.
It contains wheat flour
The base can make a variable amount of stock, depending upon how concentrated you need it. The package says it can be used as dilute as one part base to 40 (yes 40) parts water or as strong as full strength. At the diluted strength it can make up to 5 gallons of stock. It is very reasonable, and tasty diluted. I haven't tried it full strength.
Yes, they have a "best before" date. They keep for a long time, so unless you stock up on absurd quantities you will have used it up well before expiry.
None -- or none that's discernible. That's one of the reasons I greatly prefer it over normal stocks.
1 pound (5"x7")
I'd say they're raw - but I use them in fruitcake and do not roast them prior to use. I also eat them from the pantry - they're delicious.
No, they are not.
About 7-10 days. You'll feel a lot more energy and focus especially in the mornings.
The powder I do keep in the frig....not sure why other than it says refrigerate after opening on the jar. At least I hope it says that on the bottle. Now the capsules I just keep in my medicine cabinet and it is always cool inside the cabinet. Once we accidently put in the cupboard for a couple of days and the consistency was kind of sticky/clumpy after that.....maybe that is why?
Hello Alexa!! They are easy to consume, I do however take mine with a full glass of fluid. Amazing Grass has been a part of my daily intake for almost 3 years now!!
I have the powder form so in a scoop of 7 grams there is 4945 IU or 99% of daily requirements. I love this stuff and this is my 2nd canister. It is especially great if you are on medication which binds you up. Perhaps TMI but very handy to know. Keeps things moving.
We will be happy to assist you! Upon review of the full ingredients, there is no pepper or tomatoes in the product.
ORAC stands for oxygen radical absorbance capacity
It is listed on the bottom of ingredients under Digestive Enzymes
If you review carefully, they have a 'cap' and a 'powder'. I am using the powder, as I add it to my oatmeal in the morning. If you compare with other "grass" products, you'll see that this is a great buy, for a great product.
I take the powder type: Serving size - one scoop (8 grams) the Iodine is 9mcg If you take the capsules type: Serving size - five capsules (3,162 mg) the Iodine is 4mcg Hope this helps Contact Us We want to hear from you! We'd love to hear your thoughts and comments about our products. If you have recipes or stories you'd like to share, please do so by using the form at the bottom of this page. Thank you and remember, Eat Grass Get Healthy. Looking for Packets? Contact Information GRASSHEADS AUTOSHIP: grassheads@AmazingGrass.com ORDER INQUIRIES: orders@AmazingGrass.com TRACK YOUR PACKAGE: tracking@AmazingGrass.com Corporate Information CORPORATE ADDRESS: 220 Newport Center Drive Suite 22 Newport Beach, CA 92660 Phone: 866-472-7711 Fax: 415-663-4149 info@AmazingGrass.com MAILING ADDRESS: 220 Newport Center Drive Suite 22 Newport Beach, CA 92660 RETAILERS: Interested in carrying Amazing Grass products in your store? Please contact our sales team for additional information and wholesale pricing, salesweb@AmazingGrass.com. AFFILIATES: Want to become an Amazing Grass affiliate?. Learn more Affiliate Inquiries: affiliate@AmazingGrass.com Amazing Grass Executive Team BRANDON BERT Co-Founder TODD HABERMEHL Co-Founder TOM TIERNEY Executive VP of Sales salesweb@AmazingGrass.com If you have a question or need to make changes to an order outside business hours it is best to fill out the form below. Our trained staff is here to answer all of your questions! * REQUIRED FIELDS Identification* Your Name* Email Helpful Information Phone NumberOrder Number If Applicable Your Message* Questions/ Comments * Security Image Prove You're Human!
It unfortunately does not.
3/4.
Yes, it is a blend of their superfine brown and sweet rice flours. Also has tapioca starch, cornstarch, potato starch, xanthan gum. Hope that helps :)
Our cornstarch is Non-GMO. If you want a flour blend corn free, I have two. GF Classical Blend and Steve's Cake Flour Blend.
I bought it and I got one 3lbs bag. Only one bag.
I received one bag.
I haven't tried that yet, but I think it should work great along with the authentic foods dough enhancer. Hope this helps.
The ingredients: Brown rice flour, sweet rice flour, tapioca starch, cornstarch, potato starch, xanthan gum. The packaging states nut free. Hope this helps :)
No I haven't tried. I tried cornbread. It came out okay. Just remember to use 3/4 c of Multi blend per 1 c of flour.
I have a recipe that uses yeast and this product with 2 1/4 tsp of Xanthan gum and 1 tsp apple cider vinegar to help with rising for a loaf of bread. Haven't used dough conditioner.
I'm not sure. The first time I bought this, it was 3 3 lb bags for around $18. I thought that was a good deal, that was about 6 months ago. When I tried to re-order I couldn't find that same quantity so I ordered just 1 bag. A few weeks ago I looked again for the 3 3 lb bags and couldn't find it. I too was confused by the "6 count" but they only showed 1 3 lb bag. I bought another flour, haven't tried it yet though. I would suggest you ask Amazon or the manufacturer which is what I probably should have done because I really really do like this flour. Let me know what you find out if you wouldn't mind...thanks, Diana
I have been using it almost every morning for over a year. I use Almond Milk (w/Vanilla) and add a tablespoon of fresh ground Flax Seed. Love it. I will occasionally use it in a smoothie, not unlike the one in the previous post. Seems expensive until you figure the per/serving cost...Then it isn't bad at all. Unless you just have issues with chocolate, I think it would be great with your protein shakes. WKCook
Honestly, I've never tried the Kidz drink, but looking at the ingredients, it seems to me that it is a little sweeter for kids taste, since it has much more fruit variety in it -(31 fruits & vegs.) Also, the amounts of vitamins and minerals are structured for kids, rather than adults. This version is likely not as sweet, but if you have a sweet tooth, you can always add sweetener to it. I use Xylitol or Stevia. Also, this version has more fiber. Hope this helps.
Hello Danae! We are happy to help! There are approximately 30 scoops per 8.5oz container of the Amazing Grass Chocolate Drink Powder. We hope this helps!
Eric, The label doesn't list the caffeine content per serving, but it does list the content of the chocolate blend (2745 mg per serving): Organic Dutch Cocoa, Redwood Cocoa, Organic Cacao, and Natural Chocolate Flavoring. With that much cocoa, there's bound to be a significant amount of caffeine in there per serving. Either it's too much for your system or perhaps your sensitivity is to one of the types of cocoas used. Maybe it's the combination. I don't know. I'm not a nutritionist. I have a caffeine sensitivity too (I also get the jitters, bad!), but I have not had that reaction to this product. I mix one scoop of mine with Tru-Moo 1% Chocolate Milk, Smucker's Natural Peanut Butter (Creamy), a cup of plain oatmeal, and some ice (for volume) to make great-tasting smoothies. Maybe the other ingredients (or their amounts) in my smoothies mitigate the effects of the caffeine in some way. You can try the recipe (or similar) to see if it helps. Bottom line though: If the product isn't agreeing with you, you should probably back off or stop using it. Hope that helps. Good luck! Dana
Hello, we are happy to help. Please be assured this product is GLUTEN FREE, VEGAN, KOSHER and GMO FREE.
According to the supplement facts there is no added sugar in this product. Any sweetener included would be naturally occurring from the ingredients listed.
I just looked at the container I have and I do not see carrageenan listed as an ingredient.
It doesn't list cell count, only the probiotic blend (in not typing them all out haha) 407 mg.
I've never tried the chocolate but used to mix the green in a smoothie. But too much seemed to stick to the side of blender cup so I just put a scoop in my mouth and wash it down. Make sure you don't inhale.
I make smoothies with Amazing Grass, which is powdered grains, fruit and cocoa. I make the smoothie with fresh spinach, almond milk, mixed berries, banana, walnuts, a scoop of Amazing Grass, and vanilla low fat yogurt. Great smoothie. Shred the spinach and almond milk, then add other ingredients to blender and yum.
First, yes okay to blend with protein , I do each day The product is basically a concentrated mix of what you would do if you have an extraction blender (which I do). So for a quick shake in the day, Instead of washing kale, spinach, fruits, etc... 1 heap of this is probably more potent than fresh bulk blending container. It also has much more ingredients than you could due in a fresh blender. Don't get me wrong, both are good and I actually add protein and this WITH my fresh products in an extraction blender. I can tell you the first week or so you will see your body cleanse , as product feeds organs nutrients it is lacking, and thus increase removal of toxins . Seems to help energy, brain functions, exercise sweating more, and of course regularity in basic bodily functions. Good luck
Go to the company's website FAQs and "What are the differences between Green SuperFoods?" The link then takes one to a comparison chart. All of the different "flavors" have different ingredients. Some contain a lot of caffeine and some very little. Some contain sweeteners and some do not. http://amazinggrass.com/product_info/5428/Compare-Green-SuperFoods.html
Yes, it can help. It has those vitamins and daily servings of veggies that you need, also can help speed up metabolism.
Absolutely! The skin is generally a reflection of our inner health. This super food....along with healthy choices (healthy diet, exercise, sleep) will definitely get you there:) GT.
No soy listed on ingredients label.
the label does say it is gluten free
I usually throw it in with my smoothies so I add fruits and almond milk or coconut water and blend it all together
The back label claims "no artificial flavors, colors, sweeetners or synthetic chemicals." for more information go to their website www.PerfectFoodRAW.com
Here is the recipe I've been using for a few years now for breakfast: Handful of ice, almond milk, large handful of fresh spinach, scoop Amazing Grass, scoop protein powder, half of a frozen banana, scoop flax seed. Sometimes if I hemp or chia seed I'll add that too. Blend it. It ends up really sweet and tasty and certainly beats eggs and toast or cereal to start out your day.
No....this is like eating a lot of vegetables in drink form. Most people do not eat enough veggies so this gives them a supplemental way to get them.
I believe so. If you haven't tried wheat grass before, understand that it's REALLY STRONG tasting. I ended-up giving my canister away to someone else.
There is information on our website wheatgrasskits that gives you 40 points of wheat grass that may be of interest to you.
We have provided the complete supplement facts for this item below. You will notice the only ingredient is organic whole leaf wheat grass powder. Product Label: Organic Wheat Grass Powder - 30 Servings Supplement Facts Serving Size - one scoop (8 grams) Servings per container - approximately 30 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 35 Calories from fat 0 Total Fat 0 g 0% Total Carbohydrate 4 g 1% Dietary Fiber 2 g 8% Protein 2 g 4% Vitamin A (as beta carotene) 3,800 IU 80% Vitamin C 14 mg 23% Vitamin K 80 mcg 100% Riboflavin 0.6 mg 35% Niacin 0.6 mg 4% Vitamin B6 0.1 mg 4% Folic Acid 80 mcg 20% Vitamin B12 0.1 mcg 2% Calcium 30 mg 3% Iron 1.6 mg 8% Iodine 18 mcg 10% Selenium 8 mcg 10% Manganese 548 mcg 25% Sodium 2 mg 0% Potassium 230 mg 6% Chlorophyll 42 mg ** *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet **Daily Value not established Ingredients: Organic whole leaf wheat grass powder (Triticum aestivum)
The instructions on the container indicate: "Best kept frozen, refrigerated or in a cool dry place after opening."
Hello, Thanks for contacting Swanson Health Products! We are happy to help! Upon review, we see that it is Chlorophyll. We hope this helps. Please contact us with any further questions. Thank you! -Anna H.
Hello, this powder comes from Organic whole leaf wheat grass. We hope this helps!
Not that I know about. I have been taking it for 3 months now and I relly like it. It taste better than i thought it would. I mix it with my green tea and flax seed.
Organic red Rooibos, organic chicory root, organic cinnamon, organic honeybush, organic rosehips, natural flavors, organic lemongrass, organic chamomile, organic peppermint, organic ginger root, organic oragne oil and organic orange peel. Those are the ingredients listed on the box, so no sugar, but unfortunately it has the same "natural flavors" that are in nearly everything. Some sort of horrible chemical likely, that the FDA has allowed to be put in our food and labeled as "natural flavor". Frustrating, but virtually impossible to get away from in this country.
Ingredients per the manufacturers website (yes - natural flavors are listed): Organic Rooibos, organic chicory root, organic cinnamon, organic rosehip, organic honeybush, natural flavor, organic lemongrass, organic chamomile, organic peppermint, organic ginger root, organic orange oil, organic orange peel.
Did not keep the box so I can't answer that question. However, I notice the tea does taste sweet - not sure if added sweetness or the number of ingredients that caused that.
Usually a box of tea contains 18 foil sealed packages.
First, expiration dates do not reflect the safety or freshness of the product. The dates are artificial, made up by various government rules that have nothing to do with the actual shelf life of a product (even fresh dairy dating varies by state in both length and requirement). There is a date stamped on the box. However, coconut is highly self stable, not prone to going stale or rancid as some other oils are. It is sealed in a plastic pouch which keeps out oxygen, too. This is a product that I would not worry about. Even when I have kept the contents in a jar in the cupboard for a long period after opening the package, I have never had it turn bad.
I think it's alot like Coconut Manna!
I've never heard that it could be used as a coffee creamer, and I don't think it would be good for that purpose, because it's not milk, it's coconut oil with coconut meat (which is finely shredded coconut), - so it's more like a spread, but when added to hot oatmeal it makes it taste rich and nutty. It can be added to puddings, cakes, fudge, etc. But not to drinks, I believe. But you can try. Anyway, if you don't like it in your coffee you can also use it in other dishes.
The simple answer is no. The product I received had quite a bit of coconut fiber in it. I had hoped to use it as a coffee creamer and it was unsatisfactory for that. As a base for a curry it is excellent.
It's different. There's a lot more more pulp in this. Cream of coconut is all liquid. This has actual pieces log coconut. It's delicious and makes great Thai red curry., smoothies, etc.
according to label: 7oz or 200 grams per container. 7 servings per container: calories 190, fat calories 18 g which is 27% of daily; saturated 16 g = 80%; cholesterol 0 mg; sodium 10 mg = 8%; Carbs 7 g = 2% from fiber 5g = 18%, from sugar 2g (no percentage given), protein 2g (no percentage given); Vitamine A 2%; Vit C 2%; calcium 5%; Iron 10% All that from one ingredient = organic coconut, nothing added. I hope this answers your question.
Yes, they are supposed to be solid at room temperature. Simply drop them the package in warm water in the sink. Or, you could cut through the plastic and drop it in a glass container and heat it that way.
I keep it in sealed glass container and used it over the course of a month.
You are correct - 7 servings/box @ 190 calories/serving = 1330 calories/box. Look at the nutrients. We use a whole box to make a recipe of focaccia. Delicious and very healthy.
Well, it says 200 grams, so I googled that conversion and it looks like it's 7 oz. Good luck!
Yes.
I believe it is. I use it for growing wheatgrass for juicing and it. It sprouts beautifully and high yields... hope this helps.
Sorry, not sure. But, I can tell you that I use it to grind and use the flour to make home made bread. I am very happy with this product and will be ordering it again.
Yes it is I have had mine for months still has a high germation rate
Screw driver and a hammer. Pry the lid off.
Yes, but I stopped taking it internally. It is almost black in color and I think it is absorbing the black plastic. I don't think the bottle is even BPA free so there are a lot of plastic toxins. Safer to go with a glass bottle. I went back to buying it in a glass bottle at Sprouts (Super Target even carries it!).
Since I first bought this product, ACV (specifically organic options) has completely changed my routine. I used it as a toner, to mix face masks, and now I drink it in the morning and night time with water as detox. You can do your own research if curious but basically this miracle liquid can be used for anything. Have fun!
The acidity is 5% full strength. And the bottle states it's good for pickling, salad dressings, sauces and marinades.
Hi Mary. Its plastic. Its an outstanding vinegar :)
look at Braggs ingredients, they add water.
Yes
No additives. No iodine.
They are flakes. They are not big enough for a grinder. I highly recommend this salt. Has amazing taste and consistency.
I don't believe it is ionized.
Room temperature.
Well, I had them for about a year in my fridge and just finished the last one. They didn't seem to go bad.
They are more appealing to a child's taste, I think: more like lollypop flavors.
Thanks for the interest in our products! The bottles are plastic.
Thanks for your interest in our products! Below are the list of ingredients of our top ten ready to use syrups which are included in our 10 Flavor Pack: Cherry: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Caramel Color, Citric Acid, Granulated Sugar, FD & C Red #40, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Natural Gums and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Grape: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Granulated Sugar, Tartaric Acid, Citric Acid, Propylene Glycol, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Natural Gums, FD & C Red #40 and Blue #1 and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Blue Raspberry: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Granulated Sugar, Propylene Glycol, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Citric Acid, FD & C Blue #1 and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Strawberry: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Citric Acid, FD & C Red #40, Propylene Glycol, Natural and Artificial Flavors and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Lemon-Lime: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Propylene Glycol, Lemon Oil, Lime Oil, Natural Gums, FD & C Yellow #5 and Blue #1 and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Banana: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Propylene Glycol, FD & C Yellow #5, Citric Acid, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Natural Gums,Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Tiger's Blood: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Citric Acid, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Propylene Glycol, FD & C Red #40, Natural Gums and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Root Beer: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Propylene Glycol, Caramel Color, Natrual and Artificial Flavors, Natural Gums,Pure Vanilla Extract, Citric Acid, Phosphoric Acid and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Watermelon: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Propylene Glycol, Citric Acid, Natural Gums, FD & C Red #40 and Sodium Benzoate (preservative) Pina Colada: Water, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Propylene Glycol, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Natural Gums, Citric Acid, and Sodium Benzoate (preservative)
Ready to use. Just pour it over ice.
No. That is a separate purchase.
I would that 1 bottle would make 20 to 30 sno cones
Both. From the cherry flavor label, ingredients are as follows: Water, high fructose corn syrup, caramel color, citric acid, granulated sugar, FD & C red #40, natural and artificial flavors, natural gums and sodium bensoate (preservative). Not the healthiest, but they sure are the best tasting I've found so far. For an occasional treat, can't beat them.
Cherry, strawberry, blue raspberry, grape, lemon-lime, banana, tigers blood, pia colada, watermelon, and root beer! The tiger's blood is like a fruit punch and it is sooo good! I've purchased this syrup set multiple times!
John: I did not look at the carbs/sugar. Who care?
It depends on your desired consistency. If you want to turn 4 oz of liquid (not counting pureed foods) into nectar consistency, use 1-2 Tablespoons of Thick-It. For honey consistency, use 2-3 T of Thick-It. And for Pudding consistency, use 3-4 T of Thick-It. I have a 30 oz container of Thick-It. A serving size is 2 T, with 106 servings per container. Hope that helps you with your calculations.
30 calories per 2T serving with 0g Fat, 15 mg of Sodium, 7g carbs and 0g Protein. It's just food starch & maltodextrin.
Yes i think that might work for a while but maybe not for days. I would just shake it each time. Maybe try with a smaller bottle than a gallon the first time. I know when our coffee sits at room temp with thick-it in it, after a while (hours) it gets like gravy or jello like. The professional/commercial drinks in the hospital that have it in it are always in the fridge and seem to be ok. Hopes this helps. We usually use the thick-it right away at meals
Yes - modified food starch and maltodextrin. That's it.
My Dad takes it for swallowing problems due to Parkinson's. I have noticed any stool problems.
My Mother finished consuming the contents of the Thick-it product (so I no longer have the container with its information regarding calories per serving). Sorry
Powder. Modified food starch. Not gel.
When I purchased "Thick-it" it came in the square plastic container with yellow lid. But whatever container it comes in, it is the same product. Round or square.
About 32, but DO NOT ORDER from Amazon - they come completely broken. Get at WalMart or another local grocery. Amazing cookies:-)
As far as the Biscoff they serve on airplanes, the nutritional label shows no dairy. They use a soy flour and various oils but no milk, cream, or butter.
Hi Rachel. No sorry they're not Kosher. They're delicious though !! Hope this helps. Jill
Hello, these cookies do not contain nuts. They are a flavorful cookie with cinnamon and brown sugar. If you have a nut allergy, you should contact the distributer to make sure the cookies are not produced in a plant that has other products with nuts.
12 grams for 4 cookies
All the same type yummy cookie.
I do not know it this product is tested for radiation and pesticide residue. I suggest you contact Great Eastern Sun, in Asheville, NC at customersvc@great-eastern-sun.com or www.great-eastern-sun.com or call at 828 665 7790. I have used the product for several years and enjoy it so much. Consuming several sheets of this a day has helped my hypothyroidism greatly.
The last shipment I ordered has this stamped at bottom of package, 06-12-15. I assume that it is the expiration date. I was not aware that Emerald Cove no longer sells the 50 sheet packages of Nori. How did you discover this? Thanks.
Each of the 4 packages contains 50 full sized sheets, for a total count of 200 full sized sheets.
These Nori were not processed with oil but were dried (baked?). They're really clean and healthy.
Oct 2014. And I orderd them several months ago
57-58 mg. per 8 oz is what I have read.
Cranberry Hibiscus flavor was actually discontinued many years ago (by Sara Lee) -- Amazon's photo is out of date, but is fairly representative, except for the flavor name. Please note that Smuckers sometimes uses plain clear film with no logo printed on it...
It is the original paradise tea, but it's in restaurant sized bags. We like to use one bag to brew almost a gallon, but I've heard of people using more or less water depending on your strength preference. It's not loose tea, although I'm sure you can just cut the bags open if you'd like
I haven't seen an expiration date on the box and the individual packets do not show an expiration. I can't imagine that there would be any problem. Certainly no problem that you wouldn't have with any other kind of bagged tea.
They discontinued it along with all the retail teas, sorry.
I have no idea why that would be listed as that. I looked at my tea bags and there were no calories listed. Maybe there's is "pre sweetened"
I just put the bag in a gallon jug of tap water & set it in the sun to brew. Makes wonderful sun tea. Or you can put a bag in boiling water & brew that way.
There are actually two flavors. Did you get the correct one?
Oh gosh. If you're just using it to brew a cup or 2 a day, it will last FOREVER!! I'm not kidding. Store it in a cool dry place and you may actually never run out. Incidentally, it is really delicious, but I drink it as iced tea.
Loose leaves. Super good. Same as served at Cheesecake Factory. Just need a tea steeper.
I am not familiar with It's a Grind...This tea is served in many nicer locations. Very hard to find in any local stores. I feel it is the best tea available. It has a nice fruit flavor. You would not be disappointed.
75ounces????????????????
The Decaf tea is still produced by Paradise and has not changed. The only difference is the owner is now J.M. Smuckers as opposed to Sara Lee.
I haven't had any problems with the tea. It lasts for months, and months in it's sealed bags. We keep ours in airtight containers. Hope this helps.
Never tried it in the sun. I don't know you couldn't. We make our tea in Ice Tea Pot. Great results. My daughter who has used this tea for years, said she just dumps some into the basket. She is guessing it's about 3 tablespoons not flat not heaping.
Me, too.
Each pack brews 1-2 gallons depending on the strength you like. I open packs, and use 1/2 at a time, on a coffee filter, in my Mr. Ice Tea.
Tropical--kind of a fruity flavor but not sweet. IF you eat at El Torito Mexican restaurant, they serve it and it is very tasty!
Yes, it tastes exactly the same.
The manufacturer did NOT discontinue the decaf blend. They did, however, discontinue ALL of the "retail-pack" items... The retail size were little yellow boxes with 4 small filter packs inside (each filter pack was 0.33oz). The 1oz filter packs (box of 50) you see here was always available, but was typically purchased by restaurants and the like (and tea addicts). At Coffee Wholesale USA, we have been selling Paradise tea since 1999, and have fielded many similar questions. Long story short, the reason it appears to be expensive is because it's not the pack size you're used to seeing. Actually, when you figure it out as $ per ounce, the 50/1oz pack size has always been less expensive...
Yes, Part of the outer shell
a quick Google search shows a variety of information. this is the site i liked: http://www.ccohs.ca/oshanswers/chemicals/chem_profiles/titanium_dioxide.html it shows that titanium dioxide may be harmful to humans in sunscreen, but not when it is ingested, so i guess it's fine in spry gum.
1.08 grams (600 pieces of gum and each containers contents weigh 648 grams).
I've had my product for at least 3 or 4 months and it still tastes fine.
Yes, they do; its for the outer shell!
About 2.5" in diameter and 3.25" tall, without the cap.
This item is not refillable.
Yes, 50 hours per candle!
There are 36 candles in a case.
They are 3" high to the very tip (where you light it). Otherwise 2-3/4" high for the oil-filled base. The base is 2-1/4" wide. Hope this helps.
Hibiscus flowers have a much stronger taste than chamomile, and the tea it a deep red shade. It reminds me of cranberry juice without the sweetness. My husband puts honey in to sweeten, but I prefer the tart flavor. Hope this helps:)
Mine came from Nigeria
The flowers are somewhat whole. Depends on your desired taste. Most do 2g per cup so i reckon 226 cups of tea per 1lb sack. Most folks I know of blend this in with other herbs. I used it to flavor 30 gallons of mead.
Just the flowers...nice and sour.refreshing as can be when iced
It is unsweetened. I really like the quality of the tea and will buy again. It's a lot better than the Davidson brand that I bought before.
I wish it did blend and/or dissolve. Really it just mixes and needs to be drank rather quickly or it settles out. But the positives of this product greatly outweigh the annoyance. Oh and it's a VERY fine dust like powder. My wife uses it in a blender with a banana and almond milk. Not too bad. If you can tolerate sweeter more robust drinks then it might prove almost invisible to your taste buds since it has quite an inert earthy overall flavor. But if you need a wide variety of amino acids that are readily absorbed buy the intestines and easily processed by the liver this is perhaps the second best of anything currently available. The first being Chorella but it has some nasty stomach issues for some. Honestly, with my wife's limited liver function, this has been a god send especially when her appetite is so low and her stomach is swollen from ascites. One drink with a heaping tablespoon of hemp powder and she has a decent minimum protein/amino acids for a day. Add that to even modest meals and a person will do quite well. I hope that helps. Oh and BTW it's made primarily from the seeds.
Hemp protein is basically Cold pressed hempseeds and has less fat because a lot of the oil is drained to my understanding. I believe Nutiva has a lot of information on their website with Facts
Hi Jeffrey. Good Question: The correct answer is that in this blend NUTIVA sifts more NATURAL fiber from the hemp seeds [no other ingredients are added] into the mix, which changes the ratios of the protein to account for the added fiber (12g of fiber and 11g of protein per serving , whereas the regular Hemp Protein blend is (9g of fiber and 15g of protein). Hope this clarifies confusion.
Hi- my jar of Nutiva Hemp protein powder says it has 8g of fiber and does not make that same statement you mentioned but does say that it is 32% of your daily fiber requirements - which to me seems pretty significant. I love the stuff.
Grown in Canada. It is illegal to grow in US. Packaged in California. Great protein source from a "super food".
Powdered foods have NO sprout-able seeds. "Organic", indicates that supposedly, by law, it has -not- been irradiated, nor sprayed or grown using any chemicals. AND it needs refrigerated to extend it's shelf-life--which also indicates it's the real organic, not irradiated. That said, ANY produce, even organics, per FDA laws: "if produce is processed in any way [even simple field-washing--like a bucket of water at the edge of the field, in which to wash off dirt], then, it doesn't have to be labeled when they irradiate it." Clues: soft-skinned fruit, like cherries, may have very tiny, almost microscopic pock-marks all over the skins]. IF you want hemp seeds to sprout, there's State and/or Federal laws, permits, etc., to follow, as most countries forbid growing hemp, even the non-drug kinds used for food and other products [paper, cloth, rope, building materials, etc.]. But this product seems to be just as it is labeled--organic, clean, powdered hemp-plants.
the Nutiva site says that their hemp is cultivated in Canada.
You will have to contact Amazon directly in regards to any free shipping inquiries.
I refrigerate it. It lasts much longer this way.
I use it in fruit smoothies that I blend in a vita mixer. It's really smooth and I don't taste the grittiness. However, it's quite a bit of money for a smooth tasting shake. Had the vita mixer BEFORE purchasing the Hemp protein. You could look at the mixer as an "investment" I use it for all kinds of things. Hope this helps :)
Good question. It does not state if made in the U.S. It does say U.S. certified food color. It gives a website of americolorcorp.com However, the markers do not work after 3 uses. The color begins to fade. I would not recommend this product at all. It is a waste of money. I hope this helps.
Unsure of what objects you mean, but I have used mine on fondant, pastiage and royal icing on cookies with great results. As long as you use a light touch there is little bleed thru and the colors are great.
I see 10 in my picture. Are you sure you looked close enough? There's : purple, blue, green, yellow, Orange, light pink (think it's supposed to be close to skin color for faces etc.), dark pink, red, Brown and black. That's 10 all together. Hope that helps. :)
I doubt it.
HI! the yellow does not work over dark colors. Instead use yellow colored royal icing and pipe over the black fondant.
America-color only uses U.S. Certified Food Color: May contain one or more of the following: red 3, red 40, blue 1, blue 2, yellow 5, yellow 6, citric acid, less than 1/10 of 1% sodium benzocaine! and potassium sorbate ( as preservative) Ingredients: water, propylene glycol
I would imagine so. I used them on computer paper just to test them out.
ye, you can use them.
I have used other pens and these are the best by far. I use them to outline my sugar cookies prior to icing them and they work great.
Yes, we do ship all over the world. Sweet Wise Team
I have always received 12 cans in the past. It has been few months since I've ordered these.
They have agreed to take the BPA lining out of the cans next year. All foods in cans seem to be lined with BPA except Eden products.
orange old
Yes
As they come pre-packaged with the three colors, it is not possible to split the case pack.
Yes
Sorry they come mixed with pink, we will check if similar product is available and contact you again, thank you
yes, they are mini gumball dispensers with individual packs of gum insied each one. THe packs have about 20 little gumballs in them. I only gave them out to the bigger kidds. I didnt think the parents of the toddlers would appreciate me giving the gumball to their kids.
I'm not sure thinking its permanent and it breaks easy.&#128542; but super cute.
Yes
The ones I received came half yellow and half red
I bought these for 6 year old's party. If I recall correctly, they are about 4" high and hold about 15 small gum balls. My daughter and her friends loved them.
Hi, Cat! No, the palm oil doesn't need refrigeration after opening. It can be kept at room temperature. In fact, it is easier to take it out of the jar this way. Make sure you eat it RAW, not cooked. High temperature destroys all the active ingredients, i.e. the many antioxidants it contains. I know customers reported cooking with it which is not advisable because of the reason I just gave. The taste is quite strange, to say the least. However, I found that, mixed in equal parts with spicy mustard, it can be eaten spread on toast, or on potatoes or pasta. I hope this helped! Lucretia
This is the only brand I have used....wish I could help! I like to get 100%^ onlly!
All of mine have come in glass containers
There is an rspo symbol on the label
It really improves the health of bird feathers and it's the same oil that you would purchase at an herbal shop so it wouldn't hurt to try. You can cook with it also
I do not know anything about organizations that certify kosher.
I looked at the jar and they don't list where it comes from and the only refrence to organic is the name of the company "organicsoverseas.com". Maybe their web site might have some answers.
When you go to their website it says kosher processed organic. My previous jars have said organic
This product is raw. You can use the oil as is as a supplement or the oil can be used for cooking.
The product came from Organics Overseas Inc, 2000 Flowerside Terrace #2#T53, Miami, Florida 33138. I have not tried any other brand and for the price, I don't think I will. I was very disappointed. I bought 2 jars, and I learned my lesson, will only buy 1 of something in the furture. Hope this helps. Do you know of anyone else that has tried this.
Hello,what is working for my plant is 72-75.I hope that helps.And it gets indirect sunlight.
heck no.thats where they make the profit.
I took the ride twine off but it did start to die but i got the leaves to grow back u was putting to much water less is best just make sure the soil is moist but dobt over water hope this helps
Not at all! Just follow the watering instructions an you'll be fine!
Yes it does =) a small one but it does the job but keep in mind this plants grows FAST it's already so big I had to repot it!
Honestly my plant has grown so much I plan on replanting in a bigger pot also. If you feel that the plant has out grown the pot it is in now I would replant it.
You are supposed to tie top of braid just before the leaves spread when there's about 8" of growth between tie n leaves then continue braid and repeat tie. if you've got a green thumb the tree can get to 6-7' but I've never seen one potted more then 4'. Good luck
you will have to find a way to braid the new growth, the plant I had before did great I had for about 2 1/2 years and I did braid the new growth, the branches are soft enough but you just need to be careful (unfortunately it died on me while I was in the hospital in the summer) [friends didn't give it enough water] Second one I just purchased a few months ago died a few weeks after I received it, will buy another one from a local nursery after I start walking again...the lower braid will get taller and thicker, just watch the new growth, watch watering...go light in the winter but keep well watered in the summer, loves sun and warmth. Last thing, you may want to put it in a larger pot before summer so that the roots can take off like wildfire. best of luck with yours. RR
Yes it did a tag
How long since you received the plant? Maybe provide the plant with some plant food. They also love the sun so maybe your plant isn't getting enough sunlight or too much? You could be potentially over watering or under watering it. I water my plant once a week and it has been growing beautifully.
You can but once your tree fruits it will die. The pup will continue to grow. If you get many pups you shouldlet them get large before removing them. Try bananas.org for great advice for your plants.
To be honest, i don't think this will ever produce food its more of a plant to look at and say "I have a bannana plant" I'm sorry.
I believe those dark spots are a normal part of the leaf. Leave it for awhile and see if that is not so.
No
I transplanted it obviously when I first got it and just recently transplanted into a larger pot that's about 18". I wanted a raised one so got a urn type one with matching pedestal. I'm hoping I won't have to transplant again but I'll have to wait and see how big it actually gets.
It said it did
At least 2 years like any young seedling tree even dwarf it has to grow and mature or as they say [come of bearing age .. my friend has one it was about 2 years
It has not been put in the ground. I don't think it would survive winter outside so I will more than likely keep it in a container.
Wait, Blue Dragonfly. I live in Michigan. I have this plant and it's doing great. I have it near a window. It doesn't need 6 hours of direct sun.
I believe if it was organic, they would say in the description that it is and clearly organic is more money so it wouldn't be so cheap. 99% sure its not organic. I hope this helps
hi casey yes you can use it. Unfortunately, you need a mixture of 1: 2. which means 1cup corn 1/2 cup mix ( Frosted Caramel). if you use less, it no longer tastes so good. it tastes very good my customers love it greetings michael
I have the whirley pop and it does take a fair amount of clean-up, not terrible - best to let it soak for a while then cleans up readily just not as easy as regular. I find this glaze pretty tasty, sort of cracker jack flavor - remember to not put the glaze in until the corn is starting to pop, yes this is exciting but if you put the glaze in earlier you get a burnt sugar taste
Certainly. Only be careful as a very little bit of this goes a long way. I would use a pinch at a time with a thorough tossing in between pinches. Good luck.
Best to use a pot with a stirrer of some sort. Otherwise, you would have to stir it while it has already started to pop--some skill is needed for that. Myself, I use a Cook N Home 6.5 Quart Stainless Steel Popcorn Popper Stovetop--purchased for $29.54 on Amazon (now it's around $36)--that can be used on an induction range which has a stirrer and a larger (8-quart) 6-mil thick (1/4 inch) aluminum Dutch oven (without a stirrer--it's easy, be careful!) on a gas range. I purchased six different flavors of Gold Medal glaze, all in bulk 50-pound quantities from restaurant/concession vendors, when they offer free shipping, as they do a few times a year. The chocolate and milk chocolate flavors also make good inexpensive hot chocolate drinks when made with added water or milk (dry-milk powder, if my case). I reckon my four other flavors could be used for drinks also, but I haven't tried them, as yet.
I put it in the oil with the popcorn. It melts down and then is deposited on the popcorn as it pops. I don't think this would work well in an air popper. Probably would cause a major mess and ruin the popper.
the glaze pop has to be mixed with oil or butter and allowed to carmelize. with the stir n pop you can not put oil or butter in the base
This stuff is terrible, don't but it. You can hardly see it and it's more of a dirty grey than platinum.
Probably sprinkled on. However this is a waste of your money. It barely sparkles and is more of a dirty grey than platinum.
You can mix it into the frosting for a sparkly look or for more detailed look you can use a small pInt brush and dust it on.
Hi There, Here at Cake Supplies On Sale, LLC we love helping customers. Here is specs sheet for this item: INGREDIENTS: INGREDIENTS: Gum Arabic, Titanium Dioxide, Red 40, Blue 1, Yellow 6 and Yellow 5. ALLERGENS: (This list is not intended to address all substances that may represent an allergen risk to certain individuals.) Because unintentional cross contamination can always be a possibility, however remote, the following statement is printed on the packaging of most products manufactured or repackaged at our site: "This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with WHEAT, EGGS, MILK, SOY, and TREE NUTS." We hope you will find this information helpful. Best regards, Cake S.O.S
It is flavorless.
Since it is food grade it would be safe to use, however it would likely float on top of the glass. I don't think it would mix throughout the lemonade. It is a very, very fine sparkly powder. Also, it might not stay separated but could glob together. I used it to dust cupcakes that were moist buttercream frosting which worked fine. Sorry that is not much help. What a creative idea, hope it works for you.
This product is to decorate food like cookies or cupcakes.
Dust it on before the chocolate sets completely. It'll be really pretty!
Yes this should work if you use a simple syrup (half sugar half water)and brush a little on the top.
All I know is that it is mica-based pearlescent pigment, and it is FDA approved for food.
Cleaning it is easy, the trick is to dry it off completely before using it again. What I usually do is, let it cool after heated use, wipe it with a wet cloth , the dirtier the wetter the cloth, i have not put them under running water but i guess it could be done if need be. Once clean, dry it with a cloth, let it dry over a cloth, or take it out under sun light to be sure it is dryed out completely. I usually wrapthem in paper towels to keep them dry before heating them again.
Yes...the one we received was exactly 2 inches and it was adequately packaged, no damaged incurred.
You cook with it. No need to season meat or seafood when you place on the grill
It works well for cooking and the fish, beef, chicken cooked on it tastes good, however it is somewhat of a gimmick.
This is a COMPLETE RIP-OFF. I ordered believing THESE ANSWERS and got ONE (1) 15 oz package. BUY THIS PRODUCT SOMEWHERE ELSE. Amazon should drop this seller for fraud and deceit.
I paid $15.99 for 1 15 oz package.
It comes as one large package! I went to them on line and they said use two tablespoons plus two teaspoons to equal one one of their old packs!
Hi Emi, The Lobster Pot Pies are available in packages of 4 or 2. You could get one of each to make 6. They are all the same size. We make the lobster pot pies every day with very fresh lobster and then flash freeze them. Since we are right here on the Maine coast, the lobster we use is in the ocean right before we get it - it's very fresh. Basically we fill each of the ramekins with lobster meat and then pour in our sherry-cream sauce - that keeps the lobster nice and tender. There are no fillers such as potatoes or vegetables - just lobster meat. We then top each one with buttery puff pastry. The only way the lobster meat could become tough is if they are baked too long. Hope that's helpful. Best, Cal Hancock
It was delicious tender and fresh, just a delight. LKimble
Hello, These award-winning pot pies are gorgeous, sumptuous and delicious. I think your friend will really enjoy our Lobster Pot Pies. They can be ordered in 2 packs or 4 packs. We wouldn't be able to send a 6 pack, but one of each of the 2 and 4 packs. If we can be of any further assistance please do not hesitate to contact our customer care team at 866.266.1700 or by email at solutions@hancockgourmetlobster.com.
It will last a couple of weeks at least, maybe longer. Mine doesn't last longer than a couple of weeks, so I can't say how much longer than that it will keep.
The serving size recommended on the Cool Brew package is 1 oz. Remember, this is a concentrate. From there you can mix it to whatever dilution you prefer. I mix mine fairly week by adding 12 oz of almond milk. The package instructions recommend mixing with 9 oz of milk or water then sweeten to taste.
By 32 cups i believe it means roughly 6-8 ounces (each shot of coffee is one of those little compartments you see at the top=32 servings of those in the entire container) depending how strong you want the coffee to be. You can also use just water if you don't want milk. I haven't tried that, but I imagine it would be good!
YES! It easily dissolves without lumps in hot or cold water...even in cocoa. This product is great. :)
This is what it says on the can "product of Mexico, distributed by Nestle USA, Glendale CA". I never heard of this product being manufactured in the Netherlands. I've always known it to be from Mexico which is why you won't find this product in the regular powdered milk section of the super market. You will only find in where the Hispanic foods are located. Also, this is only my point of view: don't compare powdered milk with real milk because there is no comparison. Compare powdered milk with other powdered milk varieties. With that said, I like Nido because it has "body" and a nice taste which is far better than the other powdered milk products I have tried online. I purchased the Nido that says "Fortificada" (fortified). Don't purchase the one for children because it's too sweet. Hope this helps!
make sure the shipping address is correct.
yes
I ordered NIDO from Amazon about a year ago that was produced in The Netherlands. I've been told that it has a better taste than NIDO produced in other countries. I have no comparison myself as this is the only full cream milk powder I have ever bought but I will say it's very good and I will order it again and I'll make sure it's from The Netherlands again.
Mexico
I've tried both but could not really taste a difference. I use Nido every day in my coffee and have used it with cold cereal. It does have a "cooked" milk flavor but they all do. I use a wisk and it disolves easily. I buy it now at walm*** at a very low price.
Whole Milk, Soy Lecithin, Vitamin A Acetate, Vitamin D3
12 grams per serving
Hi! It takes 130g of powder and 900ml of water. It also tastes very good watered down to make 2% milk. I hope this is what you need!
This is my second bag. I had the first one for two years before I used all of it. I kept it in a glass jar and in the pantry. No problems with the results of any of my baking. This is so convenient and there is no waste. Love it
1/4 cup of buttermilk powder to 1 cup water. I use this in many things and love it. I've added it to some bread and cake recipes, and loved the results.
1.5 grams total fat in a serving 0 grams saturated and 0 grams trans fat.
I drink buttermilk for the beneficial probiotics as well. Yes, this has the nutritional benefit. The only difference it's been dehydrated. It's benefits have not changed. Hope this helps,
6 quart's
Hello. According to the package, sodium is 85mg (4% of daily allowance) per portion
This is what I found: No corn. http://blog.bobsredmill.com/gluten-free/guar-gum-vs-xanthan-gum/
I am not sure but why not try it on a cup or two to see if it works.
No, I far as I understand it, it is made growing bacteria on ground corn. I have been using this product for a while and I nor my family have had a reaction or been "glutened."
It says sell before march 2015 on the pack. I bake about once a week, 1-2 teaspoons each time. Pack lasts me 4-6 months.
It's a very fine powder.
I have never thought about using this as tooth paste. I have noticed when I use a wet cloth to wipe up any spills of Xanthan gum, the cloth gets a slimy, slippery feeling to it. This texture would bother me so I probably won't try this one for toothpaste. I use natural toothpaste made with essential oils so I am not getting the harmful toxins from commercial pastes. I would be interested in other's responses to this question.
They are very different in regards to the baking world. I would not sub for potato flour. Hope this helps.
I'm not sure which chemicals are supposedly cancer-causing, but I would assume that you could say the same re: much of what's in the things we eat. I've been pleased with the product for GF baking thus far.
I didn't see anything on the label about 'raw'. It did say 'unmodified'-whatever that is, and gluten free.
Potato starch is just that, the starchy part of the potato. Potato flour is the whole potato. They are two different items. One cannot replace the other in a recipe. Potato starch is best combined with tapioca flour or arrowroot flour in bread making. Here is a good site that explains all the different gluten free flours......http://theworldofglutenfreebread.blogspot.com/search/label/Flours
Not to my knowledge
The label indicates all natural, but I don't know about any whitening agents. My package is covered with the potato starch, so I can't see everything the label says. All I know for sure is that Bob's Red Mill products are high quality and not likely to have any additives.
I'm not sure about that but I didn't think Bob's Red Mill used GMO in their products. I read about the company online on their website.
Yes, this is a resistant starch.
Potato starch is only made from the starch of the potato and is flavorless but potato flour uses the whole potato, thus has the taste of potatoes. The starch is good for thickening gravy or sauces ( just don't boil), or using in recipes when you want a fluffy texture , where the flour can be added to gluten free baking recipes, if used in small amounts. P.S. I use both, and always Bod's Redmill products.
No, you can't.
Yes, I use SodaStream and have tried the diet cream soda flavor. I like it and thought it had a nice, rich vanilla-y taste. No nasty aftertaste. I like all the SodaStream diet flavors. I have tried these diet flavors: cola, caffeine free cola, lime cola, ginger ale, root beer, cream soda, pink grapefruit, & my fave: diet orange mango
Yes, it contains Acesulfame Potassium and Sucralose along with real sugar. Sucralose and Ace-K have a solid safety record, and they are present in much less quantity than in a diet drink.
Yes
Because using more sugar would require they change their syrup / water ratio.
Yes there is quinine in tonic. Otherwise it wouldn't have that quirky taste. But you'd have to drink 20+ quarts (80 cups) to have any affect against malaria. An 8 oz glass as 20 mg quinine. The amount to treat malaria is 1600 mg. And the amount to treat leg cramps is 200-300 mg. So if you only have a cup or two a day there is no downside to quinine unless you're sensitive. http://www.peoplespharmacy.com/2010/10/11/is-quinine-in-tonic-water-safe/
Usually, if it doesn't say birch it isn't. It's made from corn and probably comes from China. Birch is more expensive but worth it to me.
You CAN get xylitol that's been ground into a confectioners' sugar consistency, but it's not available on Amazon, as far as I can tell. It is available at xylitolusa.com in a 5-lb bag for $30. It's listed under their products and is called 'truly powdered xylitol.' The description states it has been ground down to be identical to powdered sugar.
Definitely! Looks like powered sugar!!
The container doesn't say... just that it's DISTRIBUTED by Jarrow, from Los Angeles.
If these are the ones I remember, they contain: "Strawberries, apple juice, citric acid, sunflower oil". While there are some additives, they are very good. Just try to avoid the products that are made of "Strawberries, sugar, citric acid, strawberry flavor, sulphur dioxide, fd&c red 40" which taste more like artificial strawberry candy.
Nope...just ripe dehydrated fruit and their good
Don't know about the sugar, but my family loves them!
I believe that it is 100% juice. I have heard that the actual authentic key lime became extinct a few decades ago. But whatever this is tastes wonderful. I used it for my version of key lime pie with sweetened condensed milk.
I received a single bottle. Thanks.
I only know that this pure key west juice makes a pie that tastes exactly like what you pay $20 for in Key West. It is the best!
yes it does, usually only herbal teas are caffeine free. One of my favorite caffeine free teas is passionfruit mango red tea (rooibos) by the Republic of Tea
Oolong tea contains caffeine. Caffeine works by stimulating the central nervous system (CNS), heart, and muscles. Oolong tea also contains theophylline and theobromine, which are chemicals similar to caffeine. Oolong tea is used to sharpen thinking skills and improve mental alertness. It is also used to prevent cancer, tooth decay, osteoporosis, and heart disease. Some people use oolong tea to treat obesity, diabetes, "hardening of the arteries" (atherosclerosis), high cholesterol and skinallergies such as eczema; and to boost the immune system.
Yes
Yes! We make "Sun Tea" and combine them with plain tea bags. A unique taste. I have not tried them alone but plan to.
China
The ones I received were five years out.
I'm not sure one way is any better than the other. I usually drink 3 cups every morning after I take my meds and vitamins, then sometimes a cup or two later in the day. I find it very refreshing and I enjoy the taste. Sorry I can't be more help.
It does help with weight loss in the fact that if consumed prior to a meal or if you feel some what hungry it will help curb your appetite. My last order of the Oolong Tea was very old and the majority of the tea bags had holes in them the tea spilled every where especially when removing them from their paper covers. It was a total waste of money.
From doing a quick search the product, I found that it is USDA approved and a California based Company. I can say as with all new products you desire to try CONSULT YOUR PRIMARY HEALTHCARE PROVIDER, for I am not one. Always research a product before purchase to save yourself any possible problems. Hope this helps.
Not sure but should be by Best before date.
No I do not know if there is cherry.
It is really depends from time to time. Some times strings come broken and pieces are really shore , like 4 to 5 inches , or even shorter... Other times strings are long and nice - up to 30 - 32 inches long. It probably depends on the freshness, the fresher ones a long, they seems to be softer too. Hope it helps.
It is pretty thin. Figuratively speaking you can use that as a spaghetti noodles.
This is whole flowers. I was surprised at how HUGE this bag is. I use this for soaps, salves and tea. Highly recommend.
yes!
Hello Alberto! Indeed, you absolutely can. I have used them for precisely that. Using a miniature crock pot and a cheap digital cooking thermometer, I take the ground up calendula and olive oil and heat it up to about 150 to 175 degrees and let it infuse for about 24 to 48 hours. Even ten or twelve hours is pretty great with this calendula. I then strain with cheese cloth or pantyhose material and I have a very nice calendula infused olive oil. They need to be ground up well first, particularly because these are the whole flower, including some stem material and full flower heads, not just leaves (which is what I prefer). Anyhow, a few quick, short bursts in my spice grinder takes care of that, and then into the crock pot they go! Makes a very nice herbalized oil which can be used as is, or mixed into your own lotion. Simply awesome and very effective medicinally. Hope that helps. Happy Infusing! James G.
That is a ton of tea, indeed! I never tried to refrigerate dried tea so I can't say how well it will be preserved. What I typically do is separate a quantity I am likely to use within a month or so, then reseal the large bag and store it in a dry and cool place.
I have been drinking it for over a year and have not noticed any change in tooth color.
free
marigold (calendula) has been used traditionally for making teas, as a treatment for skin irritations and burns, and feeding to chickens (makes the yoke more yellow), and other animals. I looked for toxicity reports on humans, and was unable to find any notable adverse effects - but the articles also caution that there is an insufficient scientific data on people, with regard to dose, and long term effects. The absence of evidence, of course, doesn't prove anything.
No, I think it would make your teeth yellow. It stains.
Beautiful flowers, nice color, good quality and plenty of flowers in one pound. I don't see anywhere the word organic on label but if you would like more information it would be the best to contact the Seller. Imported from Egypt.
It depends on your preference. Try it and see what works for you. I mix it up with regular black tea to add a little flavor. Not much, a handful for a teapot that pours 4 standard cups.
No - Soy is not one of the ingredients listed on the box. INGREDIENTS: Potato Starch, Tapioca Flour, Leavening (Calcium Lactate, Calcium Carbonate, Tartaric Acid), Cellulose Gum, Modified Cellulose. Calcium Lactate is NOT dairy derived. It does not contain lactose.
I use it when I bake Glutinos gluten free bread mix and it works great!
I keep mine in a cupboard in kitchen
Hello, We have not had any reports of this item smelling like fabric softener. We would suggest contacting the manufacturer directly for further information.
No you cannot. It's a white powder similar to tapioca starch, good mainly as a binder in baked goods.
After trying different egg replacements, I finally used a vinegar recipe with great results for making the cake spongy and light.
Yes
Hello, Although you could attempt to make meringue, we do not believe that it would turn out very well using this product as meringue is so temperamental.
I have had mine for 3 months, in the refrigerator and it still works great in my baking recipes. I hope this hep you.
It doesn't say anything like that anywhere on the box.
Yes. They are about 3/4" long 1/4" wide and almost 1/4" thick. If you have trouble taking large pills, you would have trouble with these.
http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/types-of-magnesium/ there are a bunch of forms of magnesium. plain 'magnesium' doesn't give enough details to know the form. Mag Citrate is one of the most absorbable. This article gives you more information. Good luck !
I also just received my second bottle. They don't have any strong smell or taste, they are just like the first bottle. I think I would ask for a replacement if the smell/taste is that noticeably different, that doesn't sound right. The lot number on my bottle is 1708335 1236 and use by date is 03/2019. Hope that helps!
Probably very little, trace amonts. No mention of sodium amt. on label.
I'm not sure what you're asking. Bottle itself:500 milligrams in 120 count bottle. Shipping: small enough to be placed in the mailbox and not on the porch. NOTE: if you are just starting out...may I suggest the 200 milligram 250 tablet count bottle. Start small if you are just starting to introduce a magnesium citrate supplement into your diet.
Yes. I don't use it but my wife does and it works for her.
No- I only have a problem with these if I take them on an empty stomach.
I have tried the softgels, however I can't remember for sure if they are larger than fish oil softgels. I seem to recall them being the largest softgel I have ever seen. That being said, they are seamless and super shiny and I never had a problem swallowing them. They are on the pliable side and the shiny quality, I believe, reflects that it is also slippery. Sorry this doesn't clarify as much as gives my impression of them. It has been several years since I have taken mag citrate in this form.
I just opened the bottle. I smell nothing; just a bunch of white tablets.
All I know it is from a vegetable source, but unknown exactly what vegetables they use, but,beans, pumkin seeds and swiss chard, and soybeans high in this mineral. Considering soy is the cheapest, prob using this as main source. Just guessing.
Hi! Thanks for asking. This is expeller pressed at a temp between 120 and 200 degrees F so it does not damage the oil. Cold pressing doesn't work well for all nuts because they have to be pressed harder to get the oil out so it makes a little heat. You can fry with this oil up to 400-450 degrees before it causes a breakdown in the oil. I mostly saute with it because I don't do much frying but I have fried chicken and pork chops in it and they do great. It is so nice to know that I can do this without producing harmful chemicals that I'm going to eat! Hope this helps : )
No, macadamia nut oil has a long shelf life.
Unfortunately, no.
Because we want to sell to dumb asses
No, it's in a plastic bottle unfortunately, but it's an excellent product nonetheless.
I don't know. I know it is great for frying veggies lightly. I am a vegetarian. I fry few things and never use high heat. It has a wonderful flavor and great in vinagarette.
I recommend you check out their website to obtain any & all information @ www.nowfoods & in their search box type macadamia pure oil item #1826 Good luck to you.
My bottle has expiration 06/16.
It is plastic, I too wish it were glass, but it is used so fast, No fear of the plastic contamintes
Yeah, it's insane. Though, it says in the product description "Four/ 12 oz 6packs", so I'm not sure if this is a pack of six or FOUR packs of six, in which case it's not really a bad deal (like, $.71/can or something like that). Still, probably better just to get it at a store.
I can't remember the actual date but I know that it was within the expiration time because that was the first thing I checked.
No, it's ONE six pack.
Xanthan Gum by Now under Ingredients: is labeled as pure Xanthan Gum and also labeled Gluten Free and a Vegetarian/Vegan product.
That would depend on when you order it. I ordered mine about 2 months ago & its date is 6/17. I would guess you'll have a good 2 years, possibly up to 3.
I'm concerned about GMO's, too. I went to Now Foods website and it states that this product is NON-GMO. I can order now!
Please know that Swanson Health Products currently sells this product for $6.79 plus the Standard shipping charge of $4.99. We apologize for the confusion. -Swanson Health Products
04/16 Happy Baking!
Xanthan Gum is grown on corn syrup. I can't necessarily speak to this company's process, but more than 90% of all domestic production is corn based.
1 oz, 8 servings per bag, 3g protein, 22g carbs that include 4g dietary fiber and 13g sugars. 130% Vitamin C, 8% calcium, 20% Iron, 2% Vitamin A - % of daily values based on 2,000 calorie diet
Hi Billie, 1/4 cup is 2 oz.....or 4 Tablespoons. Hope this helps!
soft chewy
i am not sure but since it is usda certified organic, i bet it is from california or elsewhere in southern us. i no longer have the bags but i can tell you that they were very clean and they did not trigger any sensitivities with me and that is saying a lot since i have been a vegan for over 30 years and am very sensitive to chemicals and toxins out there. i rarely eat food that was not prepared by myself and by body reacts rather quickly to impurities and toxins. these were much better quality as compared with berries i have purchased in middle eastern stores; far cleaner, far better looking and tasting. hope this helps :-)
Yes, certified organic (see back label).
There is no added sugar.
1
Yes, it is cold pressed, no heat refining
Yes. I primarily use this coconut oil for most of my cooking.
No, but I transfer my oils to glass. I have a lot of my own containers.
They are regular size
I'm sorry but I haven't bought these in over a year so I can't be certain. I would suspect that they have to show an expiration date. If it's any consolation all food items I've bought at Amazon have not been out of date, like mayonnaise, etc.
Yes, they are individually wrapped bars so you can put them in a lunch box or purse.
Container says made from bark of selected cassia trees.
sorry I can not help you with this. I just know I have bought Tone spices for years and have been happy with them all...The price is great on larger Tone containers of spices and I use it all the time. You could look up the difference in all cinnamons and then it would be debatable which is really the best and quality for the money.
Made from the bark of the Cassia trees native to indonesia. Info from Ton'es web site. http://www.tones.com/product?id=80 Hope this is helpful. M Chapman
Not any longer The original had Papain (from Papaya) not Bromelain (from pineapples)
No, meat tenderizer is basically salt, sugar, corn starch and bromelain (which is the tenderizer) but Adolfs is the ONLY ONE we use because it doesn't make the meat too salty when used!
No there is not papain in it.
mine says "Best if used by" which mean it doesn't really expire but it's gov't regulations. Realize it has salt which is a preservative! The date was 3yrs out. No question I'll use it- it goes on way more than meat and I cook a lot. The only thing that would ruin it is if it got moisture or another food got into it. Not likely to happen. If you don't want that much- give some away! I wish I had ordered more since my friends are not finding it in stores either.
I always put my meat out to room temperature. It takes a lot longer to cook if you don't. I put the meat tenderizer on just before putting in the oven or grill just because the meat will get mushy if you put it on any sooner. Meat will not spoil unless you have had it out for a very long time. A couple of hours even will not spoil the meat. I have a friend that is a butcher for a living and he said you can even refreeze meat after it has been thawed. Hope this helps. Kathy C. Tampa, Fl
Hi I hate to say it as 540mg of Sodium, but the Tenderizer is probably the best I have used, and for the price of a 44.5 oz jar you can not beat the price.
No. Ingredients on lable says salt,sugar, corn starch, and bromelain. Far cheaper than small sizes sold in markets.
High Fructose Corn syrup? Here's the ingredients list in random order: Milk Chocolate (Sugar, Cocoa Butter, Milk, Chocolate, Soya Lecithin An Emulsifier, Flavor(s) Artificial Vanillin) , Cherry(ies) treated with, Sulfer Dioxide Preservative, Sugar, Corn Syrup, Citric Acid, Sodium Benzoate Preservative, Flavor(s) Artificial, Calcium Chloride, Color(s) Artificial (Red 40). Taken from http://www.foodfacts.com/NutritionFacts/Snack-Foods/Cellas-Milk-Chocolate-Covered-Cherries-Candy--oz/13938
Yes
Yes
Not sure but look elsewhere . Mine were dried out and some had white mold on the bottom. Amazon was great with a refund
To my knowledge it is not...
My order expires 4/2015. They all differ depending on who fulfills your order. Hopes this helps you, the tea is delicious.
organic means organic farming: For example synthetic pesticides and all chemical fertilizers are prohibited. And there's a component to promote ecological balance and to conserve biodiversity. I think these are the common rules, since not all countries have the same set when it comes to "organic". In my humble opinion, the taste is not really different from non-organic tea (try a tomato or fruits in general and you'll notice more intense taste and smell). If done right, I take organic over non-organic for above reasons and am willing to pay a bit more for it.
I could not find anywhere on the box where it said. It does say bags, strings, and tags are biodegradable. Can you tell by looking at the bag? It's not pure white. I would guess not bleached.
Its one box of 160 bags.
I think tea is naturally gluten-free...I'm about 99% sure.
If you consider tea to be an herb...? This is organic green tea that contains caffeine
hI there. Yes it can. You can use it as a pre-wash conditioner.
The number in the triangle on the bottom of the plastic container is a #1 and it says PET also.
Yes, Amazon is the seller. Great product!!!
It will melt if it gets warm. I put mine in the refrigerator when that happens. Otherwise no.
it's a plastic container and it's WONDERFUL!!!
Absolutely! I recently had a baby and I used this throughout my pregnancy to hydrate my skin. I also use it on my daughters skin (she has eczema) and hair and it works wonders. Truly a multi tasking product.
Same way you would use any other cooking oil. For example, I just put a teaspoon full into a pan, heated it, and fried eggs in it. That was easy! You could also add it to other foods. Anything that requires oil can use this.
can use in smoothies, a teaspoon or so - don't waste it - this stuff is gold
Maybe...it's a great hair conditioner...it might leave you kinda oily though unless you use it really sparingly. Idk, I'd try it if I were you, if it doesn't work you can use it to cook w or somethin (:
It doesn't say it on the label whether or not the product was actually made in the facility where peanuts or any other thing...but I would go to www.naturesway.com or 1-800-9NATURE, I hope this helps.
Garden Blend Ingredients:Vegetable juice power and pulp from carrot, parsly, spinach, broccoli, kale, cabbage, tomato, beet; gelatin, glucomannan, cellulose, calcium ascorbate, calcium carbonate, beta carotene, natural enzyme blend, d-alpha tocopherol, sugarbeet fiber, garlic powder, oat bran rice bran, mixed tocopherois, Dunaliella salina, lactobacillus acidophilus, folic acid Orchard blend Ingredients: fruit juice power and pulp from apple, cranberry, orange, pineapple acerola cherry, papaya, peach; gelatin, calcium ascorbate, cirtus pectin, beet root powder, citrus bioflavonoids, glucemannan, natural enzyme blend, d-alpha tocopherol, beta carotene, date fiber, prune fiber, Dunalielia salina, Lactobacillus acidophilus, folic acid.
Yes. Each bottle contains 60 capsules, and the dose is 2 capsules daily with food. I rarely have time to eat breakfast and lunch, so i figured Juice Plus was a great alternative to supplement for Fruits & Veggies.
We take one garden and one fruit pill per day. You can take it twice a day, I believe.
They did a good job in packaging. i don't remember the exact packaging, but it was done well.
Each bottle has an expiration date on it. You will have to ask the supplier/vendor what their bottle dates are.
I do not ship out of the US. Thanks for your inquiry.
I found this product to be effective for me.
There are 60 pills in each bottle. You take two of the Orchard Blend in the morning and two of the Garden Blend in the evenings.
Yes
Not a juice. It is a capsule with dried natural ingredients.
I use 3 tsp in the morning with around 24 oz water and juice of 1 lemon. The smoothies will cover the taste better than the lemon water but have way more calories.
Return this item because it was no information on this package it only state China took my money to return it back
You get 16 ounces per bag, or one pound.
I use it daily and I am very sensitive to chemicals and pesticides and I have no problem with it. thus, I feel it is truly organic. It is very fine pwoder so it dissolves quickly in juice/water. It gives me energy.
The company is based in Sacramento but barley is china.
Add 1 Pkg to 1 cup of heavy whipping cream, and beat till thick - I usually mix it with the confectioners sugar if I am sweetening the cream and add them together.
They are 5 Single packages
Yes, it is, whipped cream stabilizer.
The product is designed to add to whipping cream at the time you are whipping it. So I add a package to a half pint of heavy cream and whip it together.
It doesn't add flavor, just stiffens the whipped cream so it doesn't run.
The ingredients are listed as Dextrose, modified corn starch and tricalciun phosphate. Hope this helps
yes, it is white...
turkey iran
Yes. It is gluten free
don't know. Mulberrys are very hardy trees, I don't know why anyone would spray them, unless they were raising silk worms.
We are not an organic facility, but nothing is added to the mulberries, it's just dried off the tree. Thanks, WGN
There will be no nutritional change on the mulberries resultant from freezing. For consistency, it is typical for ORGANIC mulberries to be shock-frozen rather than fumigated, so I am assuming that freezing is also not an issue - having said this, we are not in the habit of storing our mulberries in the freezer
The packaging lists both food starch and gelatin as ingredients.
Prior seller was Amazon now it is an outside vendor.....still lower prices than other on line stores.
A variety of sugars, oils, and "modified food starch." Does not explicitly say gluten free. I don't know if food starch contains gluten.
Sorry, I don't know, but I suspect equine or bovine...wish it were just fruit pectin, but these gums are so delicious, I just don't want to know.
Restate the question please.
pasteurize dried egg whites ... nice and simple.
The only no bake cookie recipe I know doesn't contain eggs. http://www.cooks.com/recipe/3y0cb1i1/chocolate-oatmeal-no-bake-cookies.html I'm not a scientist, so I don't know for sure, but I'd use Just Whites the same way as normal eggs. The only time I know of using raw eggs is in eggnog. I knew someone so concerned she cooked hers and ended up with scrambled eggnog:-) Wish I could be more help.
OMG! I've just checked it on Amazon and you're right! That's outrageous. I have it in my Saved For Later file and I see that it says the item is no longer available from the selected seller. The price has changed. I won't be ordering it at that price! If you find out what the reason is, I'd love to know. Good luck finding a replacement.
Maybe. I've never tried, but I'm whipping some right now to see what happens ... and lo and behold! I have a meringue !!!
Answer: Just Whites is a powder with similar consistency to powdered sugar. You mix it with water and beat to form stiff egg whites -- depending on how many eggs your recipe calls for. You disregard the egg yoke and the directions on the can (from 1 - 6 eggs) begin with: 1 egg = 2 tsp. Just Whites plus 2 Tbsp. water. Per nutrition facts on the can, using the 1 egg directions gives you 3g protein. I've used Just Whites in all kinds of recipes, and the 2 egg directions make jet-fast and tasty microwaved omelettes, adding whatever else you want in them. Don't fret about the absent yolk as all recipes I've used Just Whites in turned out great.
when I bought mine, I got 2 cans (each 3 oz) for a total of 6 ounces. I assume that's the same offer you're asking about
Yes It Does
Not really sure, but I think they are dried in the sun, not roasted.
I can't imagine being able to get, imported, non-fermented beans. That said, I don't truly know. They look and taste like every other raw fermented bean that I have tried - except that they were really well vacuum sealed and tasted fresher than most maybe not as strong as some. If they aren't fermented, it is a surprise to me.
Yes it does.
Actually the cacao nibs are inside. The outside is a rather thin papery covering, which you can eat too. They are rather crunchy and need to be chewed up. The first few seemed sort of strange. But after I had eaten a few about 3 different times I really got into them. I have now eaten 2 packages of them and have gotten to like them better than the processed chocolate we are used to, which now tastes sort of sweetly overcooked chocolate. That may not happen to everyone, but I have another friend that likes them more than customary chocolate now too.
They shall taste raw in their existing state. I, for one, enjoy my raw-tasting cocoa overlords.
No. According to the on-line site "Off the Grid News": "Your first challenge [to growing a cacao tree] would be finding good seeds, since these have an extremely short viability. Only those that have been newly or recently picked from the fruit are suitable for growing, so it's better to obtain a fresh fruit. Old or dried seeds just won't do. A better option might be to purchase a seedling, which has already been adapted to local conditions and toughened for growing in a pot. Ask your local nursery if they could source one for you, or check online dealers." Again, from eHow: "To start your own tree, acquire seeds that are still in the pod or have been kept damp since their removal from it. The 3/4 to 1 1/2-inch "beans" lose viability after one to three months or if they are allowed to dry out." These beans are not in the pod, and appear to have been subjected to drying. They certainly haven't been babied like is apparently needed in order to be viable seed.
No
They are cured and dry
They are. But cacao nibs are much better to use simply because you'd have to peel each bean and that could take a while, while the nibs are already peeled. :)
The package says "made with canola oil" and low in saturated fat. I gather they don't have the additives that prolong shelf life; a good thing. I found them to taste just like home made unlike other store bought tortillas. I highly recommend the product.
You have a choice of tortillas made from lard or from canola oil. I gather that the canola oil is vegan friendly.
I think the grocer would be able to best answer. I have been ordering for a while but only shipping to the east coast. They have always arrived fresh and stayed well in the refrigerator until they are used. Good luck!
I don't know what "die-cut" is. Uncooked tortillas are definitely machine flattened but not cooked.
China
Can't say - consider Chlorella powder and Spirulina powder as superior substutute
More or less. It definitely tastes and smells like wheatgrass powder, but it doesn't seem as fresh or flavorful as the stuff from "Amazing Grass". However, it is 1/3 the price, and it works for my needs to balance out acid in my stomach.
I am not aware of such testing. Why would that be suspected?
I don't know about the rest of the herbs this company sells. You should ask them. I do think it's getting harder and harder to find herbs grown in the U.S. to buy, and they are more expensive, as a rule.
I have purchased and used Starwest Wheatgrass but I have no knowledge if its been tested for any heavy metal content???? That is a good question...
I am unsure. I did not measure it myself but it stated it was one pound on the bag. Wish I could help you more.
Manufactured for Sambazon in San Clemente, CA. You can call 877-726-2296
Yes this is caffein free
I believe it is equivalent to one tablespoon.
Hi, Flora, I checked the container to see if it is free or not but didn't see any information about theobromin. .. but it does say that the main ingredients are citric acid and Acai.
.0352 ounces to a gram. So, it should be about 3.17 ounces.
I got mine a few months ago. Exp. date on this one is Apr 29, 2014
Yes
Hey Diana, I don't think there is any fiber in it... But, it definitely helps me have great poops!
Yes we do. Price depends on product and quantity. Please check here
I would not purchase this online, I got a really old rancid tasting one, I buy mine at whole foods, it is more expensive but can be returned if it is bad. Amazon does not allow returns on food and the seller never made it right
Per the Nutiva website: Nutiva packages our oil in three types of materials: Glass jars, clear PET and white HDPE. We have found the white HDPE holds up better for shipping via UPS or USPS during the hot summer months. Also note Nutiva containers are made without BPA. Bisphenol A or BPA is used in some plastics and tin cans.
Nutiva has decided to drop the word "extra" from their new label. They claim that the quality is still the same.
The expiration date is stamped on the top of the lid to the jar.
Found this information on the internet; however, did not find anything on sun protection: Is coconut oil good for my skin and hair? We tell our patients that from the time of infancy through the senior years, coconut oil is a wonderful moisturizer for skin and hair. It has good amounts of the antioxidant vitamin E, which is very protective. If you are using on the skin regularly, it is best to try to find an organic coconut oil, to reduce the absorption of toxins and pesticides through your skin. We even recommend new parents massage infants with coconut oil after a bath. One 2005 study of 120 babies showed that a coconut oil massage is safe and has health benefits.
I bought 2 - 15 fl. oz. It was packed on 10/23/2013; best before 10/23/2015. It was placed in a cardboard box & sealed tight. No leakage. Hope that helps!
According to the product description, it's about 50% lauric acid, which is a medium chain fatty acid. This is a fully organic product, very healthy and relative to comparable market offerings a worthy value.
I would use it after a shower while still wet so that it is absorbed easier and would not leave you so greasy. Afterwards, just pat yourself dry. Experiment until you have the amount of moisturizer you prefer on your skin so you don't feel greasy.
Yes. See www.mercola.com and type in coconut oil & hair
No I have not, but I use it as deodorant, lotion, to take off make-up, you can even mix it with baking soda and a few other ingredients to make toothpaste!!!
It appears that the CO we have is listed as 54 OZ. Whether or not it is 24 OZ. we do not know. The product is listed at 54 OZ. I would recommend questioning Amazon relating to the question.
The label on the jar states "NO HEXANE". Not sure what BPA is but the label also states " no pesticides or GMO, not refined, deodorized or bleached. Love the stuff!
Their site says fresh coconuts https://store.nutiva.com/coconut-manna/
Last time I had over a year and it was still good, I use a lot on my Lithuanian Organic Rye Bread.
Sorry, I don't use the oil for cooking at high temperatures. It is a quality product and I would recommend going to Nutiva website for specs. They are a reputable company.
It states on the container non BPA container.
seems a bit hard. there are some vids & tools, if you search 'easy way to open gallon bucket'. here search results https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=easy+way+to+open+gallon+bucket&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8 here a vid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWU-EaY0sv8
I'm sorry I don't know but if you call the manufacturer they could probably answer your question. I can tell you that I love this stuff. I have multi uses for it. I give it to my dogs for all over good health. I have an 18 y o Rotti mix & it has helped with his mobility & joint pain. I cook with it & put it in my hair once a week and use it like moisturizer . &#10084;&#65039;&#128151;&#128156;&#128154;&#128150;&#128077;&#128077;&#128077;
I don't really know but I certainly would hope not!!!
Yes
No, it's all original packaging from Nutiva.
a case is 12 boxes with 10 packages in each for a total of 120 packages.
I have found that it lasts for quite a while. I bought a case of it about 2 years ago because I have a really hard time finding it where I live. I just had some earlier this week and it was still good. You just have to keep it dry. Answer from the producer's website: "What is the shelf life of Alpine Spiced Cider Mix and how should I store them? Because the ingredients are in a powdered form, the cider will keep for a long period of time. For the best flavor, we recommend using it within three years. The key to a long shelf life is to keep the product cool and dry. Alpine Spiced Cider Mix will become hard and caked if exposed to moisture."
I don't know where to purchase in UK. The manufacturers made a change in the formulation and it was terrible. So many consumers complained so they are changing it back. Customer service gave me a refund on 2 cases and I threw it out. Customer Service for Alpine told me when I purchase it again be sure the EXPIRATION DATE IS 2016 OR LATER to get the original formulation. Trust me...if not you'll be buying the terrible tasteless one. Even the manufactures customer service rep said she won't use until the new batch is out.
I'm sorry, I don't know. You might want to contact Nature's Path directly.
In order for food to bear the green and white USDA Organic seal, it cannot contain GMO at all. It also states on the box that it is a certified item with the Non-GMO Project. :-)
They have the Non-GMO Project logo on the front of the box. That means that they have gone through a screening process and have been certified to not contain GMO ingredients.
Ooops, sorry. The company got back to me the same day and I forgot to post the answer here. Copied and pasted from their response. "The filter paper we use is made of natural components, the primary component is abaca (manila hemp). We've gotten many requests such as yours recently, so we had our Technical Director contact our filter paper supplier and this is what she has found: In checking with our filter paper supplier, they use a TCF (Totally Chlorine Free) bleaching process, one that is recognized as a global standard in processing of wood pulps for the food industry .Response to Epichlorohydrin inquires: All filter paper tea bag types used for Newman's Own Organic Teas are safe for direct food contact. They have all been tested for epichlorohydrin / 3-MCPD residues to ensure that they meet FDA regulations for materials in direct contact with food. Recent testing by an outside lab shows epichlorohydrin is non-detectable in the filter paper."
Yes, 500 total. :)
The box doesn't say, just that it's distributed by "Newman's Own Organics", but there's a website, and maybe that has more info. It's www.newmansownorganics.com
june,'15, but I purchased probably a year ago. tea is very good.
It doesn't say that it is. Just Quality Assurance Certified Organic and USDA Organic. You could contact the company at www.newmansorganic.com
YES!
I'm not sure how to answer that but sunflower oil comes from a more sustainable source. Palm oil comes from trees in rainforests being destroyed for it, and in turn destroying the homes of orangutans, so for that reason alone it's probably best to limit purchasing products with palm oil in it.
I also order the "6-count" version of this product through amazon and was sent only ONE jar. Amazon's listing specifically states "6-count" but the third party seller I contacted about this is arguing that the invoice quantity specifies "1". Yes--1 qty of the 6-count bundle!!! I am still trying to dispute this.
It says right on the label under the list of ingredients: Do Not Refrigerate
Hello, Unfortunately, we cannot answer this question since Subscribe and Save is managed by Amazon and we are not part of that program. Please contact Amazon directly for any information regarding this listing. Thank you. Lynette
It's no different then any other food coloring, except the color is SO much better...Your icing will be just fine :) I only use Americolor since I discovered it.
No, the gel paste isn't for airbrush, but Americolor has a line for airbrushes. I think you need to look for Americolor Amerimist.
I go through it very fast because I bake a lot. I use it in frostings, icings and for my Red Velvet cake. I have some other colors that I didn't use very often over the past 7 years and they are fine to use, they are just liquefied instead of a gel.
Yes, I use it for a Red Velvet Cake.
It did not make any taste difference at all
No very black grey in color.
It's not possible to use eyedroper.
i did not use a eye dropper i simply let it slowly drip or just a big tooth pick, they work well too.
Similar to vegetable oil.
Extract
definitely not a lot i believe it said somewhere that one drop will make about a gallon of chilli pretty spicy but really depends on taste buds i guess.
I kept it shelved for about a year and was perfectly fine but make sure the cap is tight because if it leakes you will have to throwout anything it leeks on trying to clean it is extremely painful to eyes throat and skin it makes you cough constantly. I personally dont like it refrigerated but with hot sauce its all up to preference
Hi Ginger, This Item comes shipped in a Styrofoam container with dry-ice... The flavor was excellent. Highly recommend........all you have to do is heat. ENJOY......
It's fully cooked. Thaw it overnight in the refrigerator, then serve as is (picnic-style, or for sandwiches), or heat it in the oven, put it on a platter, and make your table look like it does in the commercials.
YES it helped keep it moist.
Yes, once it is received you either need to refrigerate or freeze it.
The individual bags are 6" x 4" and about 1/2" thick depending on how the product is distributed in the bag.
They are in the shell.
Roberta: I purchased a box of 25 @1 3/4 oz size bags in the carton shown and they were all in small bags. Easy opening. I selected the roasted/salted Sunflower seeds. The bag reads that there are 160 calories in each bag. There is nothing that states that these are JUMBO size seeds. I didn't see any sold in a tin or other method other than this box that I ordered. I am very pleased with my puirchase. I hope this helps in your question. Happy spitting, but not on the green on the golf course! LOL! LI Golfer
I know some people that do, and it won't hurt you to do so, but I definitely prefer to take a small handful in my cheek, crack them open one by one, and spit out the shell. It's an outdoor thing or you'll need a spit cup. I would say that I prefer the original to other flavors. I hope this helps.
Steve: As I right now look at one bag of "seeds" it reads 1.75 OZ. This is the Original Roasted and Salted Sunflower Seeds. Eat, Spit, and be Happy! Hope this answers your question. I found this a good buy. Don
A good handful
This did a 3 layer wedding cake very thinly. The bottom was a 16", middle 12", top 8". Each layer was about 4" thick.
This straight off one of my many beloved containers of Satin Ice, specifically 'Ivory/Vanilla'...: Sugar, Corn Syrup, Palm Oil, Caramel Color, Natural and Artificial flavourings, Gum Tragacanth, Titanium Dioxide, Glycerine, Cellulose Gum, Modified Corn Starch, Potassium Sorbate and Acetic Acid.
The expiration date on my purchase is Dec. 2015 (it was purchased several months ago). Storage instructions say to store in an airtight container at room temperature. The label states no time limit after opening, however there is only enough for a couple of large sheet cakes( 75 servings, according to the label).
According to their website ===&gt; Allergen information: Gluten free, dairy free, nut free. Contains no animal derived products (vegan). Certified kosher pareve.
not sure what you mean by "sweet lace". I'm guessing you mean that you'll be preparing it in a delicate fashion to resemble lace? I have no answer for this while using satin ice fondant. I would refer you to SugarVeil as it is delicate, easy to use and dries relatively quickly. http://www.sugarveil.com/mat/index.htm
white and very easy to use. I love it!
Yes, this is Gluten and Soy Free. We can ship to Alaska and APO addresses.
The expiration date on the fondant is January 2015. We are not able to ship to India.
It is easy to color. I'm not sure I would use it on cookies. I guess it all depends on the type of cookie. You don't want any crumbs in the fondant. You use a thin frosting to adhere the fondant. It's good for decorations though.
I think it would work great in a skeleton mold, if you are lying it flat. You may need to let it set in the mold for a few hours to harden up. A 13 year old could definitely do it. You also, may need to wipe a thin coat of shortening or veg. oil in the mold before you place the fondant in. Good luck.
The label states it is "natural", which is not the same as organic. In order to say organic, the product much be grown and manufactured to specific standards where pesticides are not present for a period of time (I think 5yrs). Having been to several Macadamia Nut plantations in Hawaii, I am okay with natural versus organic.
No, bottle is not glass. It is plastic with a PETE#1.
Cold pressed
Hi there! This product is cold-pressed and does not contain palmitic acid. The only ingredient in this product is macadamia nut oil, as it is 100% pure. We hope this helps!
Tastes very nutty to me, so I would say unfiltered.
No other ingredients listed. Very tasty. I use it to cook and also as a dressing with vinegar.
No
It's not certified organic. Now foods has an organic macadamia nut oil. It is all natural.
Have not tried Macadamia Nut Oil to make mayo. I believe it would be great.
Currently, we do not have the light version for this product in our inventory. We apologize for the inconvenience.
It's Mocha.
Sorry we don't carry that size. Ez-offerts
It's not the light version. Don't believe it has sweetener in it, but not sure.
At least one month & as long as they are not opened you do not have to refrigerate then
I use it I'm addition but I'm no authority. :)
I am not certain, but other flavorings will last a long time and I assume this product will also. I purchased three bottles and have not yet finished the first bottle as one only needs to add about a teaspoonful to batter or dough that does not have another strong flavor (such as peppermint).
The bottle notes "Ingredients: water, propylene glycol, natural and artificial flavors, xanthan gum, natural color". The xanthan gum is a thickener (this is not thin like vanilla extract). It is also gluten-free.
No gluten!
About 24-25 "Costco" sized green apples.
It can when used with cream to soften it
For me, it took a full 5 pounds to cover 24 giant Braeburn apples.
Hi De, last year for Halloween I purchased two 5lb blocks for an office caramel apple making party, and got about 75-85 apples from it. This was with everyone dipping their own, and therefore being more generous with the caramel than you might if you're making them all yourself =). I would guess 3-4 blocks should do it. Edit: I'm looking over my list from last year, and I would definitely say 4, not 3 blocks, and I had smallish apples.
The ingredients are corn syrup, sugar, milk, fructose, hydrogenated coconut oil, E mono & diglycerides, salt, soy lecithin - an emulsifies, vanillin - an arificial
I store my caramel in an air tight container on my pantry shelf. The outside of the box says it's good for a year. Love this brand of caramel
I have a recipe calling for 30 caramels or 9 oz. I figure that 10 caramels equals 3 oz. - so in your recipe 40 caramels would equal 12 oz. The 5 pound block of caramel would have 80 ounces or a little over 6 1/2 portions of your 40 caramels. Hope this helps.
With such a high sugar content it lasts for way over a year at room temp as long as well sealed.
Yes, it melts beautifully. Just do a little at the time, stir to soften. This is well worth the money, makes great candy and awesome apples!
corn syrup, sugar, milk, fructose, hydrogenated coconut oil, butter, mono- and diglycerides, salt, soy letithin - an emulsifier, vanillin - an artificial flavor.
I sure hope so! these are too good to come up a box short! did Amazon make this right for you?
Sold out. Sorry.
It is 550g
I believe there were two boxes, but I don't remember what the weight was, sorry. I would think they each weighed 275g. They are just sooo yummy!
They expire Nov 2015
these are the only ketchup chips i've eaten in the last like ten years. they taste great. it has a strong ketchup smell but the taste is alittle diffrent then just ketchup and patato chips together, still they are mouth watering good.
I didn't order the variety pack, Ketchup flavor only. The Ketchup flavor chips I bought in Canada taste so much better.
Yes, and you will like it. Enjoy :)
all of the Herr's Ketchup flavored chips in New York are - I can't attest to all of the myriad Herr's flavors -
It was February 2014 when we received the box before Christmas.
42
A LOT of Herr's chips contain MSG. I am not sure about this particular flavor. We do not purchase Herr's any more because of this. It is a shame that manufacturers keep putting these chemicals in our foods.
They expire Nov 2015
these are the only ketchup chips i've eaten in the last like ten years. they taste great. it has a strong ketchup smell but the taste is alittle diffrent then just ketchup and patato chips together, still they are mouth watering good.
I didn't order the variety pack, Ketchup flavor only. The Ketchup flavor chips I bought in Canada taste so much better.
Yes, and you will like it. Enjoy :)
all of the Herr's Ketchup flavored chips in New York are - I can't attest to all of the myriad Herr's flavors -
It was February 2014 when we received the box before Christmas.
42
A LOT of Herr's chips contain MSG. I am not sure about this particular flavor. We do not purchase Herr's any more because of this. It is a shame that manufacturers keep putting these chemicals in our foods.
It has a U with a circle around it and then a capital D. Does that tell you?
Don't think so. You need more mix then a kcup holds.
4g per serving
sugar, non-hydrogenated coconut oil, corn syrup, Arabica coffee, nonfat dry milk, dutch processed cocoa, sodium caseinate, silicon dioxide, propylene glycol monostearate, mono and diglycerides, natural and artificial flavorings.
It is 99% Caffeine Free. For more information you can contact the Caffe d Vita company this is the link to the label. http://www.caffedvita.com/CDV_panels.pdf.
There is a sugar-free product but I drink the regular which is 3 tsp. of the mix to 6 oz. of water for a total of 60 calories.
I did not see that in the ingredients.
Sodium caseinate and dipotassium phosphate are listed fourth and fifth in the ingredients respectively. Potassium is NOT listed in the nutrition Facts.
my says 5/20/2016 and I bought it last month or so.
I have a can purchased 6/2014 that expires 2/2016...as long as it's kept in cool, dry place it lasts for months...I've even stored it in my refrigerator for 6-8 wks when away from home...hope this helps.....
Chris, If you go to the website for Manitoba Harvest Oil, you will find that there is NO CBD in this product.
The softgels were temporarily discontinued so the could introduce new packaging.
Hemp seed oil has l very low levels of CBD and it does have a few similarities to oil you mentioned. It has higher levels of omega threes and fatty acids that are important for brain function. I take it with fish oil as well. It has help me withsome of the effects of traumatic stress and inflammation caused arthritis. You're looking for high concentration of CBD oil is not enough I wish there was would be great but it would be highly expensive if it was. I hope this helps
In my opinion, the Manitoba brand and ths one in particular has benn , is , most effective. I measure what it does for me and my glucose has dropped from 8.7 to 7.4 a1c
Yes
This hemp oil has no THC. So you will pass for sure! :)
Yes.
There isn't one. There is a "Best before Date" and a "Packaged On" Date. The one in my hand says "Packaged On 06 2014, Best Before 06 2017"
All the reviews are fake. Does not work!
It shows "FREE Shipping on orders over $35"
Just put seeds in a blender, add water until the water is an inch above the seeds, and blend. I wonder how much milk the 5 lbs. would make in terms of gallons.
Now, they only have the organic 5 pound for subscribe and save!!!!
I keep mine in the frig because the hemp hearts have lots of 3, 6 and 9 omega oils. I know it takes up alot of room but you can also break it down into zip bags.
I store my container in the freezer. So far so good.
The directions used to be on the back of the container and suggested starting with one tablespoon in water. There is a contact number on their website. You might try calling them to see if they can be more help. http://www.wisdomoftheagesllc.com/index.php?option=com_contact&view=category&catid=0&Itemid=3
yes it is (food grade). it also has inositol in it which you can google to find out more about. inositol, generally helps cells to communicate w/in the nervous system. we've taken toxiclenz for about a year. we also found a place online to buy just the food grade diatomaceous earth and then we buy inositol thru amazon and take a tbs. of each once or twice a day. (lots cheaper) google "earthworks diatomaceous earth for placing orders and gathering info. on d.e. and testimonials.
Diatomaceous earth and inositol
Ingredient list from container...Xylitol, gum base, natural flavors( spearmint oil), vegetable glycerin, gum arabic, soy lecithin, titanium dioxide, beeswax(glazing agent)
There are 12 pieces in each blister pack, and 12 packs in the box. So, 144 pieces.
Xylitol, gum base, natural flavors (spearmint oil), vegetable glycerin, gum arabic, soy lecithin, titanium dioxide, beeswax (glazing agent). This is what is printed on the individual packaging.
Yes... and the Napa honestly is my favorite. The Napa is tomatoe and basil favored. It's really good- well on anyting. As for the the French, it's tarragon and dill base. It's good on chicken and fish. The Italian is okay in comparison to the other two. So, I highly recommand the three pack. Favor your food with the French and Napa while saving the Italian for the salad dressings.
Hi Marsha, These dressing mixes have 1 carb to 1/4 teaspoon. I use them in some soups and casseroles, but mostly make the dressings. I usually use the one the makes the Honey Mustard dressing. A word of advice: I use more olive than they say on the recipe. They make really good dressings. If you use two tablespoons it would be 6 carbs, but you wouldn't be using all that at one serving. So really the carbs are negligible.
I don't know, did not care foe them !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes
2 tablespoons of mix will make an 8-oz jar of prepared dressing, so one container will last you quite awhile.
200-220 mg per 1/4 tsp (1.8g) which is quite a bit honestly. Thanks for asking, I had not looked. That means all three of them are over 2000 mg for a tablespoon. Wow.
This is a quote from Mother Nature Network "Most of Japan's tea is grown far to the west of the Fuskushima area, where the 2011 nuclear disaster occurred. The tea producing region in Shizuoka Prefecture is the closest to the disaster area and it is also the only one affected by radiation. Most of the teas tested from the area showed trace amounts of radiation, but did not exceed the safety standards set by the government. A few have been found to contain radiation in excess of the standards, in the dry leaves only; the radiation levels fall far below the safety limits imposed by the government once the tea is steeped. We must also remember that the radiation limits set by the Japanese government are much more stringent than those of most other organizations, at 500 Becquerels (Bq) per kilogram, which is the same limit adopted by the European Union in 2011. In comparison, the government of the United States has a limit of 1200 Bq/kg, while the limit set by the WHO is 1000 Bq/kg. In other words, you don't need to worry about tea from Shizuoka Prefecture. Unless you consume your tea leaves directly, you have absolutely nothing to worry about and even if you do, the risk of exposure is minimal. Basically, if you steep your tea leaves, you can safely drink tea from Shizuoka prefecture. Obviously, this means matcha is an exception." The last line makes me wonder exactly where the leaves are grown myself, although there's an individual that's pretty consistent in commenting to the comments of others in regards to Matcha products and they say: "...just make sure you're not purchasing Matcha teas affected by the radiation fallout in Japan--which means avoiding ALL tea from the Shizuoka Prefecture region. The two brands that I know ARE safe are DoMatcha and Pure Matcha (there are others, but these are the two that I know of--not to mention they are high quality). They come from a region of Japan far away from ground zero. They are from Kagoshima, which is as far west from Fukushima as Denver is from New York. Also, the air currents go the opposite direction, which is why radiation has not been detected in those areas. Just thought you should know. :)" In my own reading on Amazon I do know that MatchaDNA grows their tea from single origin, sustainable organic farms in China. A representative of the company commented to someone complaining that the tea color was brownish green. I know nothing about any of the teas so far other than what I've read.
Pouch inside a tin
The taste is much smoother. This tea is harvested in the spring and intended to be consumed in a tea ceremony, prepared the traditional way. The 2nd harvest, harvested in August, is not intended for use in tea ceremony. It's more often used in different ways (like added to smoothies). For years I drank 2nd harvest as one would in tea ceremony, but after tasting the ceremonial grade, I haven't gone back. If you enjoy 2nd harvest, save money and stay with it. If you have money to spare, buy ceremonial grade and enjoy.
No, definitely from Japan. Check out the D&#333;Matcha website---all the information you would need is there.
It is rather expensive. However, I love how i feel from drinking it. Calm and alert. I bought the second harvest one that is much less expensive. It doesn't taste nearly as good and smooth.
This is very strong green tea. You don't need much. There's no way you would get only four servings. It's possible to get 25 servings. It all depends on how strong you want your matcha. A little goes a long way. I have tried many different brands. I use this because it's organic and it is relatively smooth. I've had cheap matchas that are so bitter you can't drink them. The quality of this is excellent and that's what makes it worth it to me.
No, only that size referred. Best regards
The price per tin is about $28 with change for the ceremonial grade. so if there are 2, the price will be around $56. Hope that helps. It is worth the price if you are a matcha or green tea connoisseur.
Yes! I find this product mixes the best with hot water OR with cold water in a blender. But I have added it to a shaker bottle with a few ice cubes to fully mix it. I added the ice cubes to help break up tiny clumps. This company does sell a small whisk but I haven't had a need to purchase it. Hope that helps!
about 25
I wrote Bob's Red Mill today (7 Oct. 2014) to ask why they no longer used the term "Aluminum Free" on their label. Here's the reply I received: Thank you for the inquiry. Bob's Red Mill packages an all natural baking soda mined from the earth. This is still the same product that we have always sold; naturally occurring pure bicarbonate of soda. Like most of our products that we sell, our baking soda is minimally processed (with water) and a product of nature, nothing added (including aluminum), nothing taken out. Recently we took the statement "aluminum free" off the label. The reason for taking "aluminum free" off the label is because we became aware that there can be naturally occurring trace elements of aluminum in our baking soda-likely due to the fact it comes out of the earth. The other reason for changing the label is that we are not aware of any company that adds aluminum to their baking soda these days. With this in mind, many customers and consumers then question who uses aluminum and confusion ensues. We felt omitting the term "aluminum free" will avoid any confusion or misleading claims with our customers. Please feel free to contact me if you have any more questions.
Absolutely! And it has NO ALUMINUM!
It just says "sodium bicarbonate" on the bag so I'm not sure where they are coming up with that.
Soda is naturally gluten free, and Bob's Red Mill has separate facilities for processing various products.
Most of Bob's Red mill products are. I only know that this product has no aluminum which makes it superior.
i use it in my drinking water to bring the acidity (ph) levels down. making it more alkaline-
I believe it is a mistake. The label on the front says pure baking soda, and the ingredients list on the back states that the only ingredient is sodium bicarbonate. You can see the nutrition/ingredients label here: http://www.bobsredmill.com/baking-soda.html
Baking soda does not contain aluminum to my knowledge. Some brands of baking powder may contain aluminum. There is a difference between baking soda and baking powder.
Bob's
The packaging is plastic material similar to that which you would buy nuts in. There is no indication on the packaging whether it is recyclable or not. Personally, I recycle most everything I can, this I would put in my recycling bin.
Hi Linda, I use organic oat flour in all sorts of muffin and cookie recipes. Take a look at the King Arthur Flour website. Click on recipes then search for oat flour. Two of my favorites from there are the Berry Good Muffins and the Cranberry and Flax Oatmeal Cookies. I also bake a lot of bread and use it in almost all of my whole grain bread recipes. It is easy to add to "non-oat flour recipes" by substituting oat flour for some of the regular flour. When I'm doing loads of bread baking, I create my own "custom blend" of flours: 2 parts white whole wheat, 2 parts unbleached flour, & 1 part oat flour. I hope this helps. Denise
Yes
I purchased the flour to make shampoo (with baking soda) for my wonderful dog who has very sensitive skin. It has worked marvelously for that. I have not tried it for myself but wash him with my bare hands with good results for them.
I wouldn't do this -I have no scientific reasoning, but a gut feeling - I'm a Pieces & so trust myself - try some reputable protien power!
I'm not sure about this one but Bobs Red Mill does have a gluten free oat flour which is on amazon. Hope this helps you because I know these products are very hard to find in your local grocery store.
26 g. Total carbs per bobs red mill site.
I believe it is. Their products are very high quality & the company is employee owned... Good things!
this is tapioca from the cassava plant, NOT corn starch. cassava has not been genetically modified yet.
Per 1/4 cup dry according to the label on Amazons page.
No clue as I am not the seller of this item. You out may want to ask them. I paid much less for my purchase at the time. Maybe math is not the sellers strong suit.
I wasn't sure, but I checked on the internet, and they say it is the same thing. Some people call it starch, and others flour.
The only ingredient is tapioca, so NO WHEAT. We use this as part of our all purpose gluten free flour blend for pizza dough, pie crusts, etc..
I have no way of knowing that. Milled tapioca probably (in my limited knowledge) needs another base product from the Red Mill line. Try asking them.
Organic whole soybeans, organic brown rice, sea salt, water, Koji aspergillus oryzae. Imported from Japan. Certified organic. Eden Foods. Hope this helps.
Nothing on the package mentions pasteurized
This is one package of miso paste. The photo showing the miso cup instant soup is incorrect. The product is actually miso paste.
It's like the expiration date, but Miso will last a long time before going bad, and at times even longer as it's just the flavor that becomes weaker but is still safe to eat. Hope that helps. Just use it like an expiration date and you'll be fine. This is a good quality product.
It's labeled as 780mg per 1 tablespoon
780mg per serving (1 tablespoon).
Miso keeps very well. Frankly I don't think it would go bad until you used the last of it.. I have had Miso in my fridge for over 6 months. I am currently using 4 different types one of which is chickpea based the others are soy.. I'm using it primarily for vegan cheeze making but it's also awesome in soups and other prepared dishes.
Lasts longer if you refrigerate. Fermented it would change like tofu
No, I don't think so!
Whole organic soybeans, water, sea salt, organic toasted barley flour, koji (aspergillus oryzae)
Miso is a fermented product and I don't think it has an expiration date. I have miso for several years. Still good.
All miso products are very high in sodium. Salt is the traditional preservative. However, white misos have less sodium than other miso products. As a flavoring for soup bases, a serving of miso will be distributed throughout a pot of soup or stew. However, there is no authentic miso that is made for salt restricted diets. I am looking at a similar product, the Eden organic Genmai miso, and there is 780 mg of sodium per serving.
I refrigerate mine after opening. Every food blog that uses miso recommends it. Look under the nutrition table and ingredient list. It says Refrigerate after Opening, in italics.
No there is no Vit K2 in it, but there is a lot of great nutrition needed for the gut flora to operate happy. Read this: "SOYBEAN (HATCHO) MISO Hatcho miso is named for the Chinese city of the same name, where it originated. The darkest, firmest, most intensely flavored of misos, hatcho resembles a thick chocolate fudge. Its fermentation process is a long one, optimally between 2 and 3 years. Because its flavor is exceptionally strong, soybean miso is often mixed with other misos. Made with soybeans, soybean koji, salt, and water, hatcho miso has the highest protein content among misos at about 20 percent, as well as the highest fat content at about 10 percent. It is richest in calcium, phosphorus, and iron and is comparable to the other misos in its content of the B-complex vitamins. The robust flavor of hatcho makes it a favorite winter miso, most appropriate for use with cold-weather foods such as root vegetables and in hearty dishes such as stews. If you enjoy the strong flavor of this miso, however, you need not adhere to this rule religiously." Read more at http://www.vegkitchen.com/tips/miso/#jxGuUI8S8fl8ecA0.99
I guess so. I bought it as a key ingredient for "Lobster Cantonese" and I will also use it for soft shelled crabs with black bean sauce. So if it is divinely eatable, why can't it be drinkable?
I store mine in the freezer in airtight containers. Works OK, and it should prevent all nasty critters. Mine hasn't gotten soggy or anything after a few months of this. BTW, I recommend NOT buying this much masa unless you're sure that your needs are awfully high. I'm regretting buying so much. 50 pounds is way more than I expected.
Hi William! Yes, all our Masa varieties are Certified Organic. For an item to pass the Organic Certification it must be non-gmo. So any Certified Organic product on our site is non-gmo as well.
Plant or location? Grown from the heritage blue corn preserved by the native peoples of the southwest. I don't remember exact grower, but was well satisfied with growing method and quality.
yes, I believe it is.
I read that the company changed suppliers. All I know is the last three bottles was in no way the same taste and potency. You couldn't buy the 1 lbs jar until now. It has been months since you could buy anything larger than 1 once. I switched to Kal. It still has the potency but NuNatural had better taste, not anymore.....
The bottle is about half full, if even that much. The picture online may appear full because lighting or stevia residue. The commenter was basically saying don't be alarmed by how little the bottle seems to have because stevia is a potent sweetner. A little goes a long way.
Seems to be Eugene, Oregon
The picture of the product clearly shows the amount of product inside as approximately half the height of the bottle.
No, it is not the actual plant. Juniper will die inside the house. It is an outdoor plant. Look for an inside bonsai like a ficus for example.
yes they would. But after they need to be placed out side and kept outside.
It's not a seed. It comes 4"-6" tall.
It was ABOUT the size of the pic, but it's not very cultivated or formed. But it's at a place where it can be most any sculpt of bonsai tree. I hoped that helped
It died when I had it inside, but I think it would have died outside too. I wouldn't buy this again.
The tree when you get it is 4-6 inches tall and 4-5 years old bonsai trees grow slow but it is all worth it you must buy this product~ Meredith Gabbard
Yes they are real plants. We purchased the Juniper Bonsai.
I think it's supposed to have lots of sunlight in the mornings at least. But it sits on my desk in a cubicle under fluorescent lights all week and is been fine for three weeks. You might want to do some research.
No.
It came exactly as you see it. It is beautiful. The vendor is very nice and easy to work with. He was very informative. Make sure you give it plenty of light and keep moist. Enjoy
No
I really do not know. I had to find the info on my Dads tank, and enter that with this company to find it. The numbers you listed are not the same as his. I would suggest you call the company and explain to them what you have and what you are looking for. Good luck. P.S. The company sent this out the next day, and the quality is very good.
16" high, 7 wide, 4 deep. Holds M9 cylinder with a smart-dose regulator on top.
Hello, Yes, this CD1005 bag is made for 1 cylinder. We have carts that carry 6 cylinders, but our M6/M9 cylinder bags currently only carry 1 cylinder. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks Kevin 877-222-0200 x 5060 Cramer Decker
Yes , it's just big enough for a cell phone and maybe a couple other small things
Refillable
Not really, it will fit a wallet and keys but it doesn't have a lot of extra space once the tank is in it.
No it won't, I have 16 inch bottles and they just fit
No, it will come off and straps might tear as mine have.
We use about 1oz to a 12oz mug, that equates to about 70-75 8oz cups. Depends on your taste as to how strong you make it.
The one that I purchasedand received is a 48oz. can.
If I'm reading it correctly it's 9/30/2016. It's such a good product that I would think that would be an issue. .
Powder
Instructions say milk but I use water since I like my chocolate dark. I don't know how coffee would work. Maybe a tablespoon of finely ground coffee mixed in?
Yes.
I use it in my coffee to make it taste like a WHITE CHOCOLSTE MOCHA. Hope this helps.
It is most commonly used for drink beverage recipes, white cocoa, white mochas, etc. it can also be used in recipes, but it will be on the sweeter side.
Hi, I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience. We are not sure if this item has been discontinued already since we haven't heard back any feedback from manufacturer. Meanwhile, you can always visit Amazon to get update about this item. Thanks and have a great day.
The label says artificial color, so I assume it does. Unfortunately it doesn't say what they used.
mine were wrapped just like in the picture
These came individually wrapped, with no breakage that we have found so far.
They were individually wrapped.
It's arround 4 inches !! I realy like this product
No - each one is "loose" in the box, although what I did was have my daughter repack them in a large plastic container. They arrived very neatly packed with no apparent broken ones. I think they are really packed for commercial (ie food service) use, but they appear to be the least expensive type. And I think repacked as we did, they'll last a while. Hope this was helpful
No, I don't think so. If anything, it would be bitter-sweet or maybe semi-sweet chocolate.
Yes, it is segmented into 8 pieces.
Couverture chocolate is more a matter of the cocoa butter content than simply the cacao content, which is what is rated commonly in simple, dark chocolate. The following page may help: http://gourmet-chocolate-4u.com/what-is-couverture-chocolate-where-to-buy-couverture-chocolate-brands/couverture-chocolate-where-to-buy-more-brands
From the below (unverified but I think I have seen this before), since it doesn't say it is, it isn't. From http://www.life-enhancement.com/magazine/article/2798-effect-of-treating-cocoa-with-alkali-the-dutching-process: Cocoa is frequently dutched-treated with alkali in a 180 year old process - for several reasons. "The process darkens the cocoa ingredients, changes the taste by reducing bitterness, and increases the dispersability of cocoa powder for various applications such as beverages."1 In the U.S., food labeling regulations require that alkalized cocoa powder or liquor must be declared as "cocoa (liquor) treated with alkali." Labeling requirement in other parts of the world differ, making it difficult for consumers to ascertain whether imported cocoa powder or cocoa liquor has been treated in this way.
If you are diabetic, look at the label for carbohydrate grams. For this particular brand of dark chocolate, the higher the cocoa content, the lower the carbs. (60% = 20g carbs, 72%=17grams, 86%=15grams)The darker, the better for diabetics, always choosing a small piece.
the amount off sugar is 10g
Subscriptions is only valid if you order directly from Amazon.com and ship by Amazon.com. Thank you.
We do not but with our packaging technique we have not had any issues with melting, even on hot days. It is best, however, to wait to order if the temperature is extremely high.
According to the information on the back of the product bag, Twilight Delight 72% Cacao contains unsweetened chocolate, sugar, cocoa butter, vanilla, soy lecithin - an emulsifier. Also stated on the bag "May contain tree nuts and milk". Some of Ghirardelli's more processed products may contain beef gelatin. I don't think these squares do. You might want to go to Ghirardelli's website and contact them. Look at the bottom of the page for "Customer Care/Contact Us". Thank you for your question.
Larisa, don't be fooled ; you Always are paying for shipping. Promotions describe free shipping with orders over $35 have higher product costs which hide and pay for shipping fees. So, aying that, if we were to raise our selling fee by $6 , yes we could ship the "free to you ! Sincerely, Michael V - YahsDarling
Its in a foil bag with a resealable top.
Hi! Origin:India. Kosher Certified by Kosher Certification Services. Certified by QAI, Inc. The address on the bottom is Starwest Botanicals, Inc., 11253 Trade Center Drive, Rancho Cordova, CA 95742 USA www.starwest-botanicals.com I don't see China on it anywhere, but maybe more info could be found on their website. I understand why she's asking; I feel the same way. Hope this helps! Susan
It is tumeric, which contains curcumin. I don't know about Goldenseal...pretty sure it is a totally different plant.
Hi, Jo. All of Starwest's herbs and spices are non-irradiated and GMO-free.
Yes, Just like the Picture..
Yes, it does. On the very bottom of the package.
I don't know a lot about what qualifies as raw food, but since this is dried, it had to be processed in some way. As someone else said in response to another question about this item, if you call Customer Service : 1-800-800-4372 at Starwest they will tell you all about the products they sell.
What doesn't have a "California Prop 65" warning on it?
This product is from India , I trust it more than anything from china
The package doesn't say the percentage
Glass
720mg per tablespoon. 575mg per tablespoon in popular low sodium processed brand. No comparison in taste. Nama shoyu tastes less salty and lighter in body.
On my bottle it says organic soybeans. I read if something is USDA certified organic it has to be non GMO but you may have to do some research about that. It doesn't say non GMO on the bottle. All I know is that this tastes awesome and is definitely better than the chemically produced conventionally prepared soy sauce that's everywhere.
That is the correct price for 1 10oz. bottle. It is a good product and I have been very impressed with the company's customer service.
Japan.
No, but I do refrigerate afte opening
Hi Sandra--my experience has been yes, MoCafe offers some larger bags of several of their products--I love the larger bags--same taste & quality whole saving some $--hope this helps!
A serving is two scoops or 8 tablespoons. That serving is 170 calories so one tablespoon is a bit over 21 calories.
They are about 12-15 inches tall. Sorry it's been a few months since we ordered them, so that is my best estimate.
sorry do not know but just buyer beware. I purchase for my wedding giveaway and now the people I purchase it from calls me every few months asking me to buy more even after I told them to get me off there list am even getting hang up calls from them lately.
Yes
I have no idea
They were about 1 inch by 1 inch
No. It has the FDC colors so I returned it. Look for Seelect (seelecttea.com) if you want all natural food coloring.
http://www.supplyvillage.com/chefmaster-gel-food-coloring-kit.html they do carry natural ones but these are not it
If you use enough of it, you can get a true red
No, it is not. I was under the impression that it was. It is definitely liquid!
The colors I got are: Black, Green, Blue, Purple, Yellow, Red (2), Brown, Pink, Orange
Dear Marissa, thank you for your inquiry. Our company packages chocolate with iced gel packs to keep the item cool during shipment.
Yes, we can make sure you would receive them by Friday. However, please send an email with your order number so we can rush your order. Thank you Best Wishes, Michelle Carol's Candy Corner
Depending on your location the average time is approximately 2 to 3 days once shipped. Thank you for your inquiry and we hope to see you soon!
You will need to drill out your old lock and install a new one as there are not universal keys to this machine.
mine came in black, but I don't remember if I choose a color.
We have not tried with anything other than Runtz, but the performance is great, couldn't be happier with our purchase.
Yes the machine should come with adapters so u can put small or large candy to go thru with one spin I'm thinking they didn't send u all ur items.
I dont know how to do that. But i have a problem w one of the machines, even if i put a quarter in it wont give me gum. Thats only w the one machine and once u open it it looks different from the other. No customer service. Not very pleased
if it doesn't specify a color in the ad we will send red
after you place your order just send us an email & we will make it a red body
It comes with the set ups for all sizes. You just change it out. And the machine vender also responds to emails and phone calls quickly if you run into difficulties.
goto gumball-machine.com/vending-machines/gumball-machines/gumball-machine-parts.html or call 1-866-648-6225 toll free.
I buy the 2 lb bag and usually use heaped tablespoon per 2 cups milk. One bag will last me about a month-month and a half if I make one drink everyday
I think each serving is 22 calories + one cup of milk you are going to add. Please see their website for more information: http://www.islandteashop.com/frappuccino-wholesale-bulk.php?zoom_highlight=frappe
Yes so a search for sugar free frappuccino
I wish I know but they taste as sweet as the starbucks green tea latte. I don't drink it all the time because I know it is tasty and of course high in sugar. The good thing about having it at home is I don't have to run out to starbucks if I crave for it. Also it is much cheaper to make it at home.
I'm not sure if it's the same powder Starbucks uses or not but it's just as good without the higher price. Use vanilla syrup with it! So awesome- I wish I could afford to buy a year supply at a time. It's definitely the best matcha product I've been able to find. I have looked around too. This powder is worth the money. Hope my input helps?
It is usually delivered within 4 or 5 days
Ingredients: green tea, milk, guar gum, non dairy creamer, natural & artificial flavorings, salt, yogurt powder . Directions to add the powder with water or milk ice and blend.
The package does not say anything about being "smoked" These are just just dried shaved fish flakes. They use it for cooking, but I give it to my cats, they just love it. They smell very fishy. Most of the package are actual flakes, but at the bottom and mixed in are just very fine crushed "mush" not flakes at all. One of my cats eats the "mush" the others only eat the flakes, but they all love it. It is much cheaper than buying the flakes that are marketed for cats, they are in much smaller containers and more expensive.
No. There is only one ingredient: bonito. Pas de quoi!
shipping weight is a lie. I ordered a set of 50lbs dumbells and shipping weight said it was 88.4lbs. I have checked my weights and they are 100 together.
I don't have the bag around or I'd give you a precise measurement, but it's something like 12"x18"x4" (filled with the fish, that is). It's really quite large.
Is anything in a standard grocery store 'radiation free'? Especially in America where foods are purposely irradiated to be shelf stable.
Oh yeah they do. You should repot immediately after purchase to avoid shocking them later. Their roots grow deeper than they do wide so I recommend something maybe 4" deep. Use 1 part spaghnum peat moss (like mosser lee) 1 part perilite and 1 part silica sand. Absolutely no miracle grow or fertilized products and no decorative moss!!! Rinse soil mix well BEFORE repotting. You can skip sand but at the risk of mold. Plant sundew with roots routed straight down as deep as they go and keep base of plant " higher than rest of soil. Indirect but bright sunlight and keep evenly wet with distilled water.
Theoreticaly yes. As long as its pure rainwater and hasn't been contaminated it should be fine. That would depend on method of collection though. When in doubt distilled water is a cheap and safe solution. Tap water is a big no as is anything with high mineral content. I would avoid downspout collected water.
I don't think the brand of distilled water matters. It's the same process no matter the source. From what I understand, however, if you do decide to go with distilled, you shouldn't change that later.
you have to use distilled water as long as its a nice dry climate with a lot of flies
I received one plant in my order.
http://www.guide-to-houseplants.com/cape-sundew.html
the sticky substance on the "tentacles" will curl around the trapped insect. if possible the plant willattempt to extract the juices and the exoskeleton will be left. However flies, ants and other softer bodied prey is preferred. I hope this helps.
Only feed them insects. This includes gnats, flies and other small insects that are whole free of damage. No large insects only one's that can get caught in the resin on the traps.
Ideally you should use distilled water. Filtered water at least. Tap water may contain substances that will kill it slowly over time.
The directions for this class of plant always say to use distilled or rain water. i put a watering can where rain water drips off the roof and use that, or purified, or distilled. i think the issue is that the minerals in the water build up and kill the plant. it would probably take a month or more, i'd guess. in the past, my venus fly traps always died because i didn't give them enough light. their needs are similar to a cape honeydew. now i have my two carnivorous plants on the lanai (in southern florida) behind a screen that gets full sun. it's just right. they're doing well. so give 'em enough light and pure water and they should to fine. if you pick up a gallon of purified water (or distilled) from the grocery store it should last a very long time. it only costs about a buck. should last well over a month, i would think. be sure not to let it dry out. i water it so it sits in about 1/8 inch of water. when the water evaporates i put in another 1/8 to 1/4 inch. reminds me, need to check mine. i check 'em every day or two. remember too, you gotta keep 'em humid. if you're in a dry climate keep 'em in a terrarium or something that will keep their air moist. geeze, how's that for a long-winded answer!!!
About three years out
That depends on how many ounces your child needs each feeding. It is the same size as any other brand of formula in the store and it is the same size canister as the Earth's Best sold at Target, Kroger, Babies R US, or any other retail store. If you sign up with the subscribe and save it will be about 5-10 dollars cheaper per can than in a retail store. :)
@J.W: If u are shipping to China. Consider www.anlexpress.com. They have a special promotion going on for $3.25 per lb. Regular price is only $9.00 for first lb plus $3.50 for each additional. I use them to send Enfagrow to Guangdong and it took 6 business days. I save at least $70 per shipment and don't mind the 2-3 day delay compared against UPS and DHL...
Maybe it helps the formula dissolve faster I always warm it up because my son seems to like it better that way and helps put him back to sleep in the middle of the night
Hello, we are happy to help. Unfortunately, Swanson Health Products is not able to ship Internationally through Amazon. We do apologize!
Never tasted it. Perhaps it's the added iron?
It's sometimes a little buried in the powder. I don't know about using other brand spoons.
It's made from cow's milk, but the DHA is not from fish oil.
"About 3 years out" according to another answer of a duplicate question.
yeast,sorbitan,monostearate,ascorbic acid
I purchased and received my Fleischmann's Instant Yeast in November of 2013. The two bricks that I received came with an expiration date of April 2015. I hope that this helps you.
Yes, only in a "professional" size.
Yes, I use it every day. Mix 1/2 the total amount of flour, the water, some sugar and yeast and let rest for 20 minutes. Then add the rest of the flour, salt and oil. This for any yeast for best bread results!
Do you even know what gluten is?
according to http://www.kingarthurflour.com/shop/items/fleischmanns-instant-yeast-16-oz it says it is kosher..
I do not believe it is the same. Rapidrise works well in a bread machine, but this is great for making pizza!
yes it is
I have several different tomato based mixes, the only ingredient I don't know about is maltodextrin? Will have to research that one. Anyway, gluten is not listed as an ingredient.
There are other listings that will give you a better price on the quantity.
I agree, these are overpriced. Same box at sam's club is less than $9!
2000
Yes, the mega size is referring to the box not the goldfish itself. It looks like a regular goldfish that you can find at the local store.
253
I have been getting cherry juice in the concentrate for years. One seller said it will stay good for 1 month after opening in the fridge. Also this can be put in the freezer and will stay good for a year, and it will pour right out of the freezer so I never have to thaw it out. This is what I do since it takes me a month to finish a quart bottle.
There is no added sugar in this product. And it is so concentrated that it only takes about 1-2 tablespoons of the juice in an 8-ounce cup of water to drink make a nice cherry juice beverage. Then I add 2 teaspoons of sugar before I drink it.
sometimes. I still wake up every couple of hours it gets very annoying I also take it because it is supposed to be good for you joints.
I bought it to help me sleep. Read cherry juice good for sleep. I think it may help a little. I do not care about carbs or calories. You think it has harmful ingredients in it?
The ingredients list "black cherry juice concentrate". This stuff is great!
They are Plastic bottles, great stuff too!
yes but shipping on the company website is about $16-18 also
I've taken it as one tablespoon in the morning and one in the evening to balance out its effectiveness. However, sometimes when I forget to take it in the morning I just take two tablespoons in the evening. Both seem to work equally well. I think simply remembering to take two tablespoons each day is the most sensible criteria and not worry too much about doing it "just right".
We noticed a difference in joint pain the first week, I noticed better sleeping after 1 and half weeks. We drink an 8 ounce glass per day, sometimes more. Cheaper than perscription anti-inflamatory drugs.
According to the article Improved Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory Potential in Mice Consuming Sour Cherry Juice (Prunus Cerasus cv. Maraska) (Saric) Plant Foods Human Nutrition 2009; 64:231-237 Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate delivers the highest levels of anthocyanin (as compared to Tart Cherry Juice and Tart Cherry Juice Capsules).
http://www.doctoroz.com/blog/lindsey-duncan-nd-cn/chia-ancient-super-secret read that. Chia seeds are literally the same seeds used in 'chia pets' these seeds are healthy for you and can be added to all sorts of food. They provide fiber, anti-oxidants, etc.
I've been soaking my organic chia seeds in water. Doesn't that take care of the breaking/chopping up that Mila product offers?
I've added them to my juices and a few other recipes. I wouldn't say that the seeds specifically helped me lose weight, but they did make me feel full. Hope this answers your question. ;)
dark and light
According to package it is manufactured in Paraguay for Nutiva which is located in California
Put in refrigerator after opening and they will last longer. Depends how quickly you're eating them though.
Yes they can be frozen. But they keep for a long time unfrozen.
16 ozs
No thats the beauty of it eat them whole or make a gel,they have so many antioxidants they dont go rancid for awhile!
Hello! In order to see if you can find the requested product, we encourage you to search on Amazon using key words Navita Chia. From there you can browse through the sellers offering the specific item and make your purchase that way. We hope this helps! -Swanson Health Products
Yes
Yes
If you use the suggested serving size of 1 tbsp, there's about 75 servings per 8 oz bag, about 37 servings per 4 oz bag.
It is not packets just one bag
Yes it is.
It is harvested and processed in Brazil, where the Acai berry grows. EK
IperEspresso capsules can only be used in the Illy family of machines designed exclusively for that capsule design.
Yes!
No, only illy iperespresso machines use these capsules. It is an advanced capsule unlike the k-cups and brews illy coffee perfect! If you like illy coffee and have a kcup machine, buy the espresso ground coffee and a kcup capsule that is reusable and fillable.
No, only machines labeled as compatible .
I think both iperEspresso and Nespresso capsules are so far removed from freshly roasted freshly ground coffee beans, that they are pretty much the same, in terms of quality. I use iperEspresso simply because it appeals to me and because their dark blend seems more intense than Nespresso's. Actually, the Monoarabica Brazil tastes better than the plain Dark roasted.
No. You must have the illy machine. Totally worth it! Yummm... ;)
Different companies- different size products. These will not fit nespresso
Good question. I do not know. I send the capsules back to Illy for recycling. Coffee is really good.
Exact ingredients as I read them off the Grape snack: Apple Puree Concentrate, Grape Puree Concentrate, Pear Puree Concentrate Even says all sugar comes naturally from fruit.(9g of sugar) 45 calories
hi there! there are 5 different flavors. the raspberry, strawberry & apple have lemon juice in them. the cherry & grape flavors don't. hopefully you'll be able to take the cherry & grape & share the others with family members.
NO gelatin. All made with fresh fruit CONCENTRATE.
Yes
It most certainly is not organic. Considering how much higher the cost is for a company to market themselves as USDA Certified Organic, there is no way Stretch Island Fruit would simply not put that seal on their product if they were certified to do so. Consumer demand for Certified Organic is growing more every year (yay!). You may already know the following, but in case you don't, the label of "natural" really just means minimally processed (sometimes processed less than organic food, though organic food must always be processed using organic means), but very often "natural" food is grown using chemical fertilizers or pesticides. The guidelines a company needs to follow to use the term "natural" are very liberal, and often have no legal implication, unlike the label "organic." There's a number of organizations trying to put a stop to this, so it's looking like the food marketing label of "natural" will be more guideline-enforced in the future.
50 calories / 11g carbs / 10g of sugar.
More like a roll up but flat and thicker than a roll up. It's a fruit "leather."
The box I bought a month or so ago is dated March 2015.............
It doesn't say gluten free on the box but they are 100% fruit. So good! (and Kosher...)
Hello, No.
Sugar, Acidity regulators,Sodium Bicarbonate,Matic Acid,Glucose Syrup,natural lemon,flavoring and other natural flavoring.....( I copied verbatim from the jar). I love this product and it works for me... I even give to my 2 dogs when they have upset stomach
When I got mine a couple of years ago, I didn't get the great results from the Galeffi as I had for all those many years with the Brioschi I assumed that even though it said it compared to Broschi, the ingredients were not exact. I tried it only because the price of Brioschi had skyrocketed, and I couldn't afford it anymore. Now there is a product that has the Sodium Bicarbonate and the Tartnic Acid, called Gingera. I am considering trying that one.
They went out of business. Try this item, it is very similar.
they are like rock salt crystals but about 1/8 in long. They do fizz. Sorry did not see Moon Struck.
Hello, Sorry we do not know any local stores that will have this item near you. Thank you for your interest Customer Service
I'm not sure but don't waste your money. It doesn't work for indigestion. I got a full refund. Plain old Arm and Hammer baking soda works better. (unless your using it to power small bathtub toys, in which case, I couldn't say.)
ASA being aspirin or very close to it? It is not listed as an ingredient, and I've used it enough now that I agree that it's not there.
Wake up people, they are pasteurized with PPO, a requirement from the government for CA almonds unfortunately. Buy unpasteurized (from Spain) if you don't want to ingest jet fuel.
No they are not. They are fresh,off the tree.
no, it's 100% none processed natural almonds, including the natural oil inside.
No
I have no idea! Sorry! Ask the company that produces them! :D
Raw
To my recollection, they are the same type of instant tea with Korean origin. I've savored several of these, but Prince of Peace has the best flavor and gives me excellent energy!
Exactly 100 servings of tea. It is one large box which contains 10 small boxes each of which holds 10 packets of Ginseng granules. It works out to about 16 cents a cup.
The ingredients are -Korean Ginseng Extract, Glucose, based on my research.
6 or 8 oz is good
I looked at the box it said 10 calories per bag.
these contain the crystals & dissolve quickly. My hubby sometimes even likes adding all or some of the packet to regular tea when he is brewing it.
I don't think so. Ingredients are listed as ginseng extract and glucose.
11 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008JKSJJ2?ref_=pe_527950_34207370
No cashews...I'm actually allergic to cashews myself.
They are chewy, but not sticky. Great taste.
I did not see it.
Total carb = 20g or 7% Total fat is 13g; saturated fat us 1.5g; trans fat is 0; cholesterol 0; sodium 25mg; potassium 130mg ; dietary fiber 3g; sugar 11g; protein 4g Hope this helps. The taste is outstanding!
Check each invidual flavor but the cranberry almond has "Almonds" NOT Peanuts .... Almonds, Macadamia Ternifolia (Nut), Dried Cranberries (Cranberries, Sugar, Sunflower Oil), Honey, Glucose, Puffed Rice, Dietary Fiber (Soluble) (Maize), Vitamins, Vitamin A Acetate (Vitamin A), Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C), D Alpha Tocopherol Acetate (Vitamin E)
It does not list that anywhere on the packaging.
Calories = 190; Carbs = 20g; Fat = 13g; Protein = 4g; Sodium = 25g; Sugar = 11g
190
My box says best before 9/25/14
The answer is 9 grams!
The date can be found if you look at the front of the bar, turn the bar on its side at the top along the label and the date is printed there. The month will be written out, and the year. The bar I have now will not expire until 28 May 2015. Hope this will help.
Click on the box and the side views will come up so you can read the nutritional facts.
Very easy, check this out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubOxmPBagfg But the taste leaves something to be desired
There are 2 cones, 2 waffle biscuits and an edible bowl. The 2 cones and the bowls are self explanatory; whilst the waffle biscuits are kind of tricky. You can make a waffle sandwich or cut it into quarters and use it as a decorative piece for your cone/bowl. Fair warning, the sweet sauce used for the kit is quite a bit much so even if you make the cute cones and such, you'll probably have a bit left over.
If so not much. Everything is baked(microwaved)the result is more like pastry, only not sweet. The bun is good as a microwave bread. If they were bigger they would be good with breakfast or with soup.
I don't know whether was gluten within it or not. This was beautiful when my daughters had compounded it.
Well you add water to the two packets of icing the mix them up and put them in the frosting bag and squeeze it into the two ice cream cones and bowl then add the sprinkles and enjoy
It was fun watching my granddaughter make it. She said it tasted OK, but I didn't particularly like it. The funny part was watching her trying to decipher the language.
Hi. We are Santa Trading(GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. It depends on where you live, the condition of flight schedule,customs and so on, it usually take 3-4 weeks to receive the product by standard shipping. By EMS shipping it usually take 3-7 days. We are very happy with hearing your voice and looking forward to serving you in the future. Have a nice day.
Hi, this is Santa Trading(GBI). It depends on the shipping method though, usually it will take 3-4weeks to receive the product by Standard shipping. Please note that it differs according to condition in flight schedule or customs. We are looking forward to see you again in the future. Have a nice day!
Honestly there probably is, but none of it was in English.
No, but there are pictures on the back that make it all very self-explanatory. The packets inside are colored and each individual section in the tray in the box is a different shape, making it easy to tell where each packet should go. The instructions are in colors so it tells you which colored packet goes where and in what order. Additionally, the amount of the cups of water are also included next to each step in the instruction (there is a small water measuring cup they give you. If all else fails, just look up a YouTube video for instructions and follow along as the person in the video does it. They usually tell you how much water to put in, where the packets go, and how to go about making the treat.
possibly; try asking emmy from whatcha eatin' on youtube.
Thank you for your inquiry. We ship by Japan. IF you choose "standard" shipped by SAL, It takes about 2-3 weeks. "expedited" shipped by EMS, takes about 7days.
To me, they tasted like pink lemonade or Hubba Bubba gum
Yes
It contains real tea spiced Chai Tea is a soothing combination of black tea and rich spices including cinnamon, vanilla, ginger, cloves and cardamom. A perfect blend of flavors that isn't too sweet or too spicy, it can be used to create a variety of hot or cold beverages, including creamy lattes, refreshing iced drinks, and delicious smoothies.
Yes, Sweetened with SPLENDA Brand Sweetener, our Sugar Free Flavored Syrups have the same world-class flavor as our Classic Syrups, but without the calories. SPLENDA is the only zero-calorie sweetener made from real sugar and as a result, it tastes more like real sugar.
Water,black tea concentrate, natural flavor (including Clove, cinnamon, cardamom,vanilla and ginger extracts) pectin standerized with maltodextrin, sodium benzonate (preservative) sucralose (Splenda brand) caramel color, citric acid, xanathan gum
It jumped up in the grocery store from $3.99 to $5.99 but it's even more expensive on Amazon. How disappointing, Amazon is usually the best.
Yes they are ... I found out on their website ... Totally gluten free! &#128512;
I would say.....no. They are imported from Ireland. You could visit their website for product information (that's what it says on the can) at www.mccanns.ie
Looks like October 2015.
Yes, the seeds are better in there natural state, organic also is a plus! I put the seeds on salads, yogurt, cereal etc. It tastes great too! :) &#9829;
I haven't tried them in a blender. I did try putting them through an Omega, auger style juicer though. The result was a very fine but damp powder that clumped together easily. I added that to protein shakes which made them incredibly thick. I also mixed some with a little oil as a peanut butter replacement. My best guess is that they would work for a blended protein shake but will probably need a lot of blending with whatever liquid your adding to it. I would start blending the seeds with a small amount of liquid and add more liquid, a little at a time, until the desired consistency is reached.
Amy this will not show up in an urinalysis. It has no THC since it is from hemp and not from cannabis.
Nutiva has raised the pricing on this fine product.
Hello Gemini Glass Works, For now, yes, the price has increased. Our brand, The Raw Food World, hemp seeds are still at a reasonable price however.
Since these hemp seeds are already shelled, I'm guessing that they will not sprout. I would look for raw, fresh unshelled hemp seeds if you are wanting to sprout. I would also google "profitable organic hemp seeds.
3 LB is case of 6
The package does not reflect this information so I would assume no.
We never did. If you want we can try.
Extremely unlikely that it is irradiated. On their web site, they speak pretty negatively about irradiation, though I didn't see them say specifically that it's not used on their products. You could call them: 800-993-4367 (US)
According to the label there are 60 calories per tbsp.
It doesn't specifically say, but I would guess that it is Ceylon cinnamon. I read the label, but couldn't find anything specific.
There is nothing on the label that indicates the source of the cinnamon. The label focuses on the unpasteurized natural honey.
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
Yes. Be careful, however, if any of the individual packets leak, dump it. Most of my last three boxes were bug infested in at least two bags per box. Bugs were probably in the original packing box, which I stored them in.
No caffeine content is listed on canister; I assume it must be an insignificant amount.
I don't know exactly what the difference is, but I have tried both and like the Hot Cocoa best. Not that the Hot Chocolate is bad, it just tastes sweeter to me. I seem to recall the last time I ordered a 6 pack that the Hot Chocolate was a bit more per serving since it isn't offered in the cannisters. Also I take advantage of the 'bulk' package to adjust the amount I use per cup and I wind up using a fair amount less than the packages thus getting even more for my money. Hope this helps.
I have only used the "no sugar added" variety. I would urge you to try that if sugar is a concern.
I can only say that we drink hot chocolate occasionally and the can has lasted a long time. we like it at breakfast time. very good!
Serving Size: 1 envelope Sodium Per Serving when made with water: 180mg Sodium Per Serving when made with 2% milk: 250mg
Prepared with 6oz. water: Total Carbs 23g (8% Daily Value) Prepared with 6oz. 2% milk: Total Carbs 32g (11% Daily Value) Hope this is what you wanted to know.
So, so bad... mix will not dissolve no matter how hot the water or how long you stir...
According to the package, sucralose (think Splenda).
April 26, 2014. I love them. They are convenient wholesome and portable. Having them delivered without a trip to the grocery store is especially helpful to me in my current circumstances. I am 81. BTW. they are delicious. I don't know why our Kroger quit stocking them. Amazon subscriber program is the way to go!
I purchased in June and they say best by December 01, 2014. I would think the date will vary though, depending on the stock they have at the time of purchase :)
The ones I received were dated 2 months from when I received them so it shouldn't be a problem at all.
I bought mine in May and the expiration date was 11/26/14
August 31,2014 I bought these probably about a month or a little longer ago. My husband eats these every morning for breakfast on his drive to work.
Six boxes of six squares.
6 boxes with 6 squares per box.
Soft and somewhat chewy
When I purchased mine they were "close" to the expiration however they were really good even months after I ordered them.
36 bars. Be sure to check expiration date and freeze them if need be.
Best before Feb 5, 2014 and it was delivered November 1, 2013
Genny....probably just a mis-pack on the production line. We always get instructions in the pectin box. You can get the instructions here: http://www.kraftbrands.com/surejell.
yes to citric acid, no msg.
Mine was & would buy again.
you can use either one but keep in mind that with no sugar you get less jam with splenda you get only a little more. I use half and half of splenda & sugar. hope this helps
Maybe. Jar it up & let it set a few days. If it doesn't set, pour it all back in your pot, add another box of sure jell & cook it a good 1/2 hour. Good luck
Dextrose, fruit pectin, citric acid (assists gel). Was purchased because the Sure Jell folks told me this product is the only pectin product that can make crabapple jelly. Was excellent!
Yes
I don't boil it. I just follow the directions in the box.
Sure Jell is a very good choice if you are going to can jams and jellies. Clear jel will work but you have to have a perfect measure for jams and jellies. I have never used clear jel but have read where it is like corn starch and is used for thickening soups, gravies, also for baking. If you are going to can jams and jellies, Sure jell is in small packages and is already measured out for perfect batches of jams and jellies.
I use the yellow box.
I don't know...I do not use this product for jam...i mix it with juice for my arthritis...works great for that purpose.
Please check with the country you are shipping to on their customs requirement. As a seller we are not setup to export via Amazon. Best regards
The ration for pectin to fruit might be different depending on what powder pectin you have been using. I am not sure. You should always follow the directions that come with the product when making jellies. I started to use the liquid pectin a few years ago because it was allot cheaper and I have had no issues with switching products.
Our latest shipment will expire 15 months after shipping, but there is no way of telling what the expiration date on your shipment will be. But we have ordered several times with no problems. The way the liquid pectin is packed, it will be perfectly good well beyond the expiration date.
I believe this is a syrup. Powdered pectin uses 1 box for a batch of jam. I prefer the no-sugar or low-sugar powder pectin that comes in a pink box. There are recipes included usually. I just bought some at Amazon and they did not have recipes, but the box refers you to a website.
Never heard of it...I just use the plum recipe inside the box.
I wouldn't as it may not react correctly and setting may be weak. Your choice though.
Certo is a liquid and sure-jell pectin is a powder. However, I find I get the best results no matter what I am canning using the sure-jell no / low sugar pectin. To get the same results with the liquid, I have to use twice as much product.
What's the cheapest these sold for?
I am not sure since gummi bears are candy and do not contain too much "nutritional value". If you meant calories, I would check the Albanese website.
Sorry, never tried the sugar free.
I have never tried the worms, however, I can tell you the Bears are simply delicious, you can taste each individual flavor, they are not too sweet with the most intense flavor. I hope this answers your question.
Hi You will find it on our store at
http://www.albaneseconfectionery.com/ (855) 272-3227 is their number. I've been there a couple times and they are super nice. I'm pretty sure they'd be fine, though. I've eaten a bag that was a year old and they were still great, but not quite as melt in your mouth soft.
Corn syrup, sugar, gelatin, citric acid, sorbitol, natural and artificial flavors, pectin, fd&c yellow #5, yellow #6, blue #1, red #40, vegetable oil (coconut), carnauba wax (used for anti sticking)
Enough to about fill a stuffed 1 gallon ziploc
These bears are bigger than most gummy bears I've seen, so 12 pieces is actually a lot of gummies in this case. They're about 1 inch tall and pretty chunky. I usually don't want to eat any more of these after 5 or 6.
I had the same question :) I looked at Meyenberg's website & the back label indicates that the can of powdered makes 12 one cup servings (one gal of milk has 16 one cup servings). So, one can of powdered makes 96 oz and one 12 oz can of evaporated makes 24 oz of milk... so one can of powdered makes the same as 4 cans of evaporated. Hope that helps! :)
In order of personal preference, fresh off the farm as in milked, strained and chilled til cold is always going to have first place. There is NOTHING better! The meyenberg fresh at super market is a tie, no doubt about it. The powder is a VERY close second if you do it right. Once you get used to it, you wont miss the fresh. I get it because quarts of fresh are 4.00 a qt locally. This is a LOT cheaper if you get it on amazon. local price is 10.00 plus a can ( YIKES) . make it according to directions , ( small amount of very warm water , make paste stir til dissolved, then add ice cold water), or do what I do , mix COLD water a few ice cubes and powder in a blender, give it a couple of burst to mix it up and drink. Well worth the effort if you don"t want to or can't run to store constantly. store at room temps NOT HOT!
Yes, I have used it to make goat cheese. Works well.
I have used the powder in a bread machine to add richness and protein, but rehydrated would probably be best, if you are trying a new recipe. Kefir, I have never made, so can't help you there.
I say not pasteurized because it has no word on the can that it is. Furthermore, it has vitamin A and C in it, and if it were pasteurized it would not or it would have say supplemented with A and C. I don't know if the liquid version is however, since most states require pasteurization if sold in its natural state.
We preferred the powder because it got more out of a can. It mixes fine, and our son preferred the taste to regular milk.
No potassium. At least on the can potassium is not listed.
Iam sorry i no longer have any cans left. I used it for my puppies and the female during breeding. They love it is all i can tell you You might want to google the question to get a more reliable answer.
Well I use it for baby formula and with newborns it took about 2-3 days to go through a batch. I haven't really ever had enough made to go longer than that. I probably wouldn't go longer than 4-5 days personally.
One can makes 96oz of goats milk. The formula I made used half strength goats milk so would make 192oz of formula or 24 8 oz servings.
Yes - and no. It is ultra-filtered, which means many of the components that go into honey, such as pollen, are removed. What remains is still honey - hopefully, I'll get into that. However, there is a moderate body of evidence that ultra-filtering it, and often high temperature processing - to force the honey through the filter - definitely reduce how healthy honey is. One of the reasons for ultra-filtering is because it increases the shelf life until it crystallizes. Think of Twinkies - they never go bad. The convenience factor is increased, and the store doesn't have to throw it out because it's "bad" - which is actually the opposite. One of the telltale signs of raw and minimally pasteurized honey is the fact it will crystallize. When you have ultra-filtered honey and you have removed the pollen, it is very difficult to identify the country of origin, or if the honey has had sugar fillers added. That's why the FDA standards specify (or at least they used to) that honey, to be labeled as such, requires the presence of pollen. Simply google "Adulterated honey" and add China or India. You will see there have been several massive US and Canadian prosecutions over outright fraud and relabeling of adulterated or contaminated honey from overseas.
the company is honeytree at Onstead, Mi. It doesn't say it is raw. It is very good.
Although it may change colour and have a "best by" date on it, when stored properly, will last forever.
The honey is an amber color. I have found that keeping this honey in a Mason jar is good for its consistency, and perhaps even its color. The glass jar will also prevent the 'hardening' effect that one experiences with honey in plastic bottles.
Yes it is a product of USA.
Absolutely. I make it everyday in a Cuisinart coffeemaker with cone filters. Makes a great pot of coffee.
Probably not. The can says "premium coffee beans." It's cheap stuff, I just like it a lot.
We fill our drip coffee maker to just over the 10-cup mark and make one pot every morning. One can lasts about a week and a half give or take a day or two. We have a standing order for a four-pack of the coffee every month and generally come out about even. How many you get will depend on how much coffee you use for each pot; I add 4 heaping coffee scoops full for each 10 cups.
No, it comes in paper foil layered cans.
I've never had dry or hard ones from this brand.
In large letters on the front of the package it says: SUN DRIED AND UNSULFURED (for Black Mission Figs). Whether or not they are raw or cooked would depend on how hot the temperature was when they were sun-dried. Food is still considered raw when dried between 105-115 degrees Fahrenheit. If you go to their website, look for a contact number or email. You can ask them directly for a particular product, e.g. apricots, cherries, figs, prunes, etc.
USA. And my oncologist highly recommended this brand. They are terrific.
Semi-dried, w/o synthetic chemical preservatives, I no longer have a bag since these are too wet for us, we prefer Sunsweet's Organic D'Noir. No doubt acid leaches chems from pkg worth it to us seniors not gonna live forever that small amount of toxin for big benefits of hard-to-get Vitamin K2 Mk4, Boron for bones, Fiber, other nutrients, & a filling satisfying sweet helping reduce intake of the stripped processed "wicked whites." My fave prep is pre-soak in water w/ cinnamon powder in fridge :)
Sorry, I no longer have the package. I do know Hannaford's "Nature's Place" prunes do not.
Yes it I, no gmo is listed under the ingredients.
I think the description might be a little confused. Rapunzel makes a lot of products, including salt. I can't be certain that the current product is the same, but on the package I have here ("Vegan Vegetable Boullion No Salt Added"), salt is not listed as an ingredient at all. The nutritional analysis lists a serving as 1/2 cube, sodium of 130mg (5%). We use very little added salt in our house, and really like these.
280mg
msg is not listed in the ingredients. however it does it contain "yeast extract", which it one of the ingredients msg can be hidden as. but i urge you to do your own research, you can start by searching google for "hidden sources of msg" http://www.truthinlabeling.org/hiddensources.html
I buy these in bulk. I am vegan and on a low sodium eating plan and I use these to flavor any vegetables and rice I eat. I store them in my pantry / laundry area which is a covered porch that has been fully enclosed but does not have HVAC access. I live in SC so in the winter this room gets chilly (30-48F) and in the summer it is quite hot and moist (80-100F). Depending on the temperature, the cubes feel completely different when I take them out of the pantry regardless of how long I have had them in there. They are soft and sticky in the summer and often stick to the wrapper and then they are hard and quite solid in the winter. I don't think you need to worry about it and suspect they are just fine.
Yes. And on the back of the package they describe how they are.
One serving is 2.5 tablespoons which, according to Consumer Lab, amounts to 0.95 mcg/gram or 0.95 ppm of cadmium. The upper limit is 0.3 mcg/gram (0.3 ppm). This is over 3 times the limit. One serving is 14 grams, not 26 pounds. The amount cadmium ingested is weight dependent so children's exposure could be much higher.
Yes, exactly. Each bag has resealable zipper as well.
Yes, you can bake with it and it's great. It has a real chocolate taste. I make cookies with it and cakes as well. I also make hot chocolate with it and use it in my smoothie daily. Great product!
I do not think so. What I do, is to transfer it to a mason jar and it keeps fresh for couple of months.
No, it does not, it is completely 100% organic raw cacao, it makes great hot chocolate!
Using a "hydraulic press to extract the oils" doesn't really completely answer the question for me. From my reading, alkalizing (aka "dutch process") is applied to reduce acidity (and in turn it reduces the polyphenols). I sent an email to company this morning, asking directly if the product is alkalized or non-alkalized. Will post their response back. UPDATE from the company: Thanks for contacting us and for your question about our Cacao. Our Cacao Powder is not processed at all. It is not alkalized and not treated with any chemicals. Our cacao is organic, non-GMO, raw, vegan, gluten free, soy free, corn free and completely additive free... it is 100% raw cacao! Navitas Naturals organic Cacao is picked and then immediately starts a natural (nothing is added to the beans during the entire process) fermentation in the pod for about 48 hours (never exposed to temperatures over 115 degrees). Once extracted from the pod-like fruit, purified water is used to cleanse the beans. The whole beans are then also peeled and cold-pressed to form a paste, the bean's oil is extracted (cacao butter), and our nutrient-dense cacao powder is formed... and that is all of the processing involved with our Cacao superfoods! I have included a link to a short documentary (staring our CEO!) on Navitas Naturals Cacao. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8zsmfnkUZU I hope this is helpful. Please feel free to contact us with any further questions and take care. Here are links to the sign-up page for the latest edition of our newsletter plus check out the free Smoothment videos for further inspiration: http://www.navitasnaturals.com/newsletter/index.html http://smoothment.navitasnaturals.com Best regards, Arthur
NO
About 2 years if resealed and properly stored. I keep mine in a drawer and the bag (if opened correctly) can be resealed. If you store it in sunlight, it'll go bad quickly. As well if you store it a container that lets a lot of oxygen in, it wont keep as long either. My cacao doesn't even last more than a couple of months so this isn't really a problem for me, but my husband and I drink warm cacao every morning and usually add it to our smoothies for its added nutritional content and vitamins. Its also a great source of magnesium which most diets are really lacking in. Hope I answered your question well enough. Oh and nestle's cocoa lasts about 6 months shelf life and has zero nutritional benefits. You can also use this in many, many recipes! I'm working on a cookbook series that will include how to use this, in the next few months! If you want more health fact information you can subscribe to my newsletter at www.bestfood4life.com. If you have any additional questions you'd like to ask me personally you can contact me directly there as well. Enjoy your cacao powder!!
Perhaps with a blender. But for all general purposes, a spoon and a cold glass of milk will get you nowhere. What i would suggest is making a syrup out of it, add what sugar you want (if any) and go from there. A bit more involved, not sure if you want to take it that far, but worth it.
The package says it is made in Italy.
I think it is better. Give it a try.
Yes, it is a super fine grind.
Hi, I've used it for a week in a regular coffee maker and it's good.
The French press works best with a coarsely ground coffee. The Lavazza is ground very fine, for use in an espresso machine. If you use the Lavazza in your French press you will end up with a lot of grounds in the coffee.
No, I do not taste any chocolate, however it is a good espresso coffee.
The difference is in the roasting, Crema e Gusto is more mild and with gentle acidity.
I doubt it since even some of the espresso machines don't have much cremma either and since an espresso grind is much finer than what should be used in a percolater there could be a large amount of grinds in the coffee.
No, it isn't. I believe Lavazza produces an organic coffee, however.
I don't know what an isla moka is but I do know that you can't use it in a french press coffee maker because it is too finely ground. I have an espresso machine and it works great.
Coconut oil in general consists of about 65% MCTs, but only about 15% is that which is found in products marked as MCT oil. Hope that helps! As Lois stated, this coconut oil does have the flavor of coconut. It is good for baking and cooking certain foods. However, if you don't want the full coconut flavor, try a refined, organic oil....most of the same benefits but no taste or smell.
The jars are BPA free. It is stated as such on the label.
It contains no trans fats, so I believe that means no hydrogenation. The label gives the following nutrition levels per serving (1 tbsp.): calories 130; total fat 14g/22% (which includes 13g/63% saturated fat, -0- trans fat, less than 0.5 g polyunsaturated fat, and less than 1 g monounsaturated fat; contains ZERO cholesterol, sodium, carbohydrates and protein. Label says "organic, unrefined, cold-pressed, extra-virgin coconut oil." No refrigeration required. Solid at room temp.. melts at 76 degrees. (So when you use it as a body lotion, it liquefies immediately, just as it does in the frying pan! Hope this answers your questions. I love the stuff. If you need more info, the Nutiva toll-free number is 800-993-4367.
I'm sorry but I actually can't answer that. I haven't bought anything smaller than a gallon in a long time. I know that a while back, it was on their website that they were making some changes to packaging, some being glass containers i believe. It definitely should be noted but i would suggest asking nutiva what that size comes in. Also, even though i'd rather glass too,it's just as awesome in the plastic. Hope that helps!
This tahini is a bit thick, but not as thick as peanut butter. Like the consistency of a good honey that is not warm but chilled.
Yes. And it is the best among all I tried.
Toasted, I think, has more flavor, so raw would be milder. Some might call it boring. The black sesame seed makes good hummus, too, and it's got a much stronger flavor, sort of like the toasted.
There should be a date printed on them...
yes! Uncle Lee's Organic Green Tea is my favorite Green Tea!
Yes.
Yes, this organic green tea contains caffeine, but green tea contains a lot less caffeine than black tea.
Yes there is a staple on both ends.
EGCG Epigallocatechin Gallate. Found source that said most green teas have around 100 mg. per 8oz cup. One source I found (amazing-green-tea.com) reported that Uncle Lee's Green Tea contained about 76.7 mg per cup/bag. Loose Tea contains higher level reported. Do not the validity of any of this but lots of info out there on this. Bing it! To me Uncle Lee's Green organic tea has the best taste of any green tea I have tried. Love it.
SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener contains only two ingredients: stevia leaf extract and inulin, a soluble vegetable fiber. Inulin is a naturally occurring prebiotic that nourishes the body's good intestinal flora, supporting good digestive health and immune function. INULINS are a group of naturally occurring polysaccharides produced by many types of plants,[1] industrially most often extracted from chicory.[2] The inulins belong to a class of dietary fibers known as fructans. Inulin is used by some plants as a means of storing energy and is typically found in roots or rhizomes. Most plants that synthesize and store inulin do not store other forms of carbohydrate such as starch.
I am not sure if you are referring to the flavored ones, but I get the plain stevia and in that case it would just be the natural sweetness.
Think the liquid one is the purest....others have ingredients that end in -ose, which should be avoided. I do use truvia though I prefer the drops.
I used to get acid reflux and I found that a small amount of baking soda (maybe half a teaspoon) in water did wonders. That's because the baking soda is fairly alkaline. I've been on an anti-yeast diet for over a year and I almost never experience reflux any more (just when I go off the diet for a while, especially if I eat processed foods).
They are not filled with processing dust - it appears to be leaves to me.
My box doesn't have a Panda Bear on it, but it is UNCLE LEE'S TEA - LEGENDS OF CHINA; 100% Organic White Tea; 100 Tea Bags, individually wrapped. I've written all this because I want to make sure that we are describing the same product. If yes, this is what it says on my box: HIGH IN ANTIOXIDANTS; LOW IN CAFFEINE.
it is just a pale yellow and a very mild even after letting it sit. I do not taste any grassiness to it and not much smell. I really like it, my friend not so much. I have the bag and never had any leaf floating. I do not like any thing mixed with it but some flavor it. hope this helps some
Yes! It's perfect in recipes. The powder is more finely grained than others I've tried so it blends better.
I like to use a heaping teaspoon with 12 oz . . . but then add to taste. Make sure the water is near boiling and you get the best result. Enjoy.
no, not that I know of, but since I always make mochas with it the milk lightens the effect of the caffine for me.
Not sure! And I don't do my coffee extremely strong so that would affect the number of cups one would yield.
I ordered two jars long ago and still have one unopened..as far as I can see, there's no expiration date on it. It does have a consumer information number you might call for more information..1-800-990-90-39. That's the number printed on my bottle. It doesn't look like a regular number???
I ordered Case of 12 from java cabana today. It was$3.60something a jar.
To my knowledge it is non GMO and is the best Italy has to offer. Once you've tried this you won't want anything else to drink. My son is very picky and his Italian friends turned him onto this many years ago and he won't drink anything else. The instant is pure with no fillers added - just coffee.
I have been making it in an aeropress for the last two years. Two scoops of coffee and fill the water up to the 4-shot line...perfect day starter.
As far as I can tell, regular Bustelo is espresso, Supreme is not. I buy the regular, it's my favorite coffee. Use a plain old drip coffee maker. Just remember to give a little tamp down, very fine grind, tends to float a bit.
Interesting story about the founder of Cafe Bustelo - from Spain, went to Cuba where he married and they both worked in the coffee industry, then moved to Puerto Rico then moved to New York and started the company, I believe the coffee is now roasted and packaged in Miami and that the term "Cuban coffee" may be because in NY they produced the coffee in the Cuban barrio - don't know why it would be considered a Puerto Rican coffee - would be interested to know.
Hello I use a "Pampered Chef" potatoe chip bag clip. They make one about the same width as the brick. Doesn't have to be Pampered Chef, my wife got the same style at Target. They just snap closed and "Bob's ur uncle"
I would be asking the manufacture, for most accurate information.
Well the bricks are vacuumed air tight so there's no air to have it go stale id say about a year or two
Honestly wouldnt know because Ive never bought the can
I use a 1/4 cup for a 12 cup drip coffee maker.
As far as I know they have only sequenced the coffee bean and haven't reached the point of modification which, if and when they do, then would have to be approved to enter food chain. However, that doesn't mean that the beans in Cafe Bustelo haven't been sprayed or treated - it doesn't list as organic beans, so chances are they have had pesticides used, some countries are still allowing some pretty dangerous chemicals. - I believe their parent company is Smucker's, Smuckers has donated to stop GMO labeling in CA - hope this helps you decide if you want to try their coffee, - but I've found it true that when in doubt - don't.
I haven't; sorry. But I will be curious to read what others say.
there are ten in the 4 oz. box
No they aren't, they are set in individual holders in the box.
Milk Chocolate (sugar, whole milk powder, cocoa butter, cocoa mass, emulsifier: soya lecithin, flavouring: natural vanilla), plain chocolate (cocoa mass, sugar, cocoa butter, emulsifier: soya lecithin, flavouring: natural vanilla), invert sugar syrup, Jameson Irish Whiskey (5%), sweetened condensed milk (milk, sugar) Milk chocolate contains: 32% cocoa solids minimum, 20% milk solids minimum Plain chocolate contains: 58% cocoa solids minimum Contains: Milk, soya May contain traces of nuts and gluten Manufactured in a plant that processes nuts and tree nuts
No where on the actual box does it say it's made from Jameson. The one with out the Jameson bottle is the actual box you get in the mail. Although it does taste like jameson
Raw light-brown coarse sugar that has been steam-cleaned, made from the first crystallization of cane juice and retaining some molasses
I don't see why it wouldn't be...it's a bit of a larger grain than your refined sugar, so I would think it would be better, in fact. The only benefit I could see is it is the raw product, not the bleached, refined product...but though think the larger grain would prove more efficient in exfoliating in a sugar scrub. Also, just fyi, but cutting a grapefruit in half, using half of the grapefruit and sprinkling or dipping the grapefruit in the sugar, you can use it to scrub your tub/sink and all the grime just comes off and rinses away...and its all natural...leaves a nice scent behind as well. :)
I use turbinado sugar in any recipe that calls for granulated sugar, have never used it lieu of brown sugar. Have used brown sugar and turbinado together and it worked very well.
I would imagine it is on the package. I use it because it is not refined white sugar.
Yes, it is the same yeast, just marketed under a different name.
I had never thought about gluten in the yeast. We actually add gluten to our bread for better texture. I looked on the package and the ingredients are lilted as: yeast, sorbitan, monostearate, & ascorbic acid.
If you look on Fleischmann's web site, it says that instant, rapid rise and bread machine yeast are all the same thing in different packaging.
Yes, it does have sorbitan monostearate.
1. add about one liter of water to the primary fermenter 2. add bentonite and mix thoroughly 3. add juice and mix 4. add water to juice bag to get the last of he juice out (may have to do this 2x 5 add water to within one nch of top of primary fermenter and mix throughly 6. sprinkle yeast package on top of the mixture 7. put top on primary fermenter and put airlock on top and fill airlock with stabilizer mixture half way. 8. wait approx 7-10 days and check to make sure the reading is 1.01 or less 9. if 1.01 or less, transfer wine to secondary fermenter leaving the sludge behind put airlock on top 10. wait 7-0 days and make sure the reading is 0.998 or lower. 11. degas the wine by stirring it violently ( usually about 5 minutes) 12. take 1/2 cup of water and add stabilizer. mix thoroughly and add to wine. 13. mix stabilizer mixture int the wine and stir for 2 minutes. 14. add #5 to the wine and mix, stir for about 2 minutes 15 wait 15-30 minuted and add #6 and stir for about 2 minuted put airlock on top 16 wait approx one week for wine to clear 17 best results is to filter the wine into another container leaving sludge behind and bottle 18 let botttes stand upright for about 3 days and then store on their side
It depends on the amount of waste during the racking stages. It's "about" 5.5 gallons.
This is not an "all in one" kit. There are several other things you will need, and a couple things that will make things easier for you. This kit contains: instructions, grape juice, bentonite, stabilizer, clarifier, corks, labels. This basically consists of all the ingredients. You will also need a fermenter (could be a carboy or 6gal bucket style), airlock, sanitizer, hydrometer, siphon, bottles, and corker. You will have to transfer the 6 gallons between containers several times, so a second 6gal bucket or carboy is needed. At some point you're going to want to bottle it, which will require about 30 x 750ml bottles and a corker. Unless you want to just put a straw in it... All the additional supplies will likely run you a bit of additional money, but they're all reusable. Once you have them you just buy the wine kits to make another batch. So, the kit is just the ingredients and none of the hardware.
This particular item is about 16.1 gallon. You add enough water to make a 6 gallon batch. if you only have a 3 gallon carboy, use 8.5 gallon must, add water to the carboy(give allowance for frothing during fermentation) and add 1/2 of the yeast and other additives during the following steps. Be sure to refrigerate your remaining must. I would find it difficult to have only 1 carboy, where do you plan to transfer it to for the secondary fermentation(which you do after discarding the lees). So your option is get another carboy(and you have at least a week to think about after you start your primary fermentation) or better still get another carboy to start fermentation on the remaining batch. A better option is to get 2 six gallon carboys, this way you can brew your wine confidently with less chance of spoilage of a remaining must.
The 17.5 has concentrated juice. The 55 pound is straight juice and no water needed. Better quality.
It is dry
I never noticed a bad smell. As for the taste it tasted good from day one. Did they follow the directions to the tea. Did they sterilize the carboy. I don't know what else to say.
It is 20 Brix
I've used these kits before. Their instructions are pretty well right on. The only risk is that bacteria could be introduced in the carboy. I usually bottle after my reading are within the recommended area and then maybe a couple of days later to bottle. On the good side, sediment will drop to the bottom. After bottling we drinks one bottle, record our findings. then cellar the rest. After one month anther bottle and so on. We always keep 2 bottles ""hidden" for 1 or 2 years to see the difference in aging.
well
Yes it contains all the ingredients that you need. You need to supply the equipment. Just follow the directions and it will make great wine. I would recommend making a 5 gallon batch instead of 6 gallons for a wine with more body.
Mine was same color once mixed with water it looked much better. Hope you have better luck mine did not taste good.
It is the easiest label to get off. Just soak in water and it will fall off. I just soak a few bottles at a time in a bucket. I usually leave them for a couple of hours while I do something else but it doesn't even take that long to soak.
If you follow the instructions you will make 24 or 25 750ml bottles.....obviously......add more water and you will get a thinner wine but more of it and conversely....cut back on the water and you will get a more robust wine but fewer bottles. good luck; gary
I believe they carry it in " Reseve du chateu" brand
Easy...Make certain all sugar is fermented out by using hydrometer to obtain S.G. (if 1.00 or below you should be fine, although I usually end at about .995) Clarify if wine is not clear, and add campden and Potassium sorbate according to directions then make simple syrup with sugar and bottled water, add and taste, repeating until you are at desired sweetness...Bottle (age) and enjoy...
I've done the Rosso and was very pleased with it, as I have been with all the Vino Italiano Reds. In general I tend to prefer them to the more expensive brands.
Yes this kit is enough for 6 gal.I would not make it to 5 gal, it throws of the balance of flavors that it was formulated for. I added a can of frozen white grape juice at the beginning for a little more body. Mine has been in the bottle for a couple of months and continues to get better.Just dont rush it. When i first started making wine i wanted tom get it done fast, but have learned not to be in a hurry.The directions are just a guidline as far as time.You should rely on the hydrometer readings and take your time degassing, it usually takes me 3 or 4 days to totally degas using a brake bleeder .I start with drill stirring and then use the bleeder.I also rack an extra time before bottling,makes it easier and you won't have to deal with the sediment when bottling. .If you have questions on degassing or other questions, i.m glad to help.There is tons of info on line about wine making,This has been one our favorite wine.Good luck.
I do not know what kind of preservatives are in that juice. I use the concentrate and have to add enough water to make 6 gallons of juice and then the yeast.
Bottles are not included. Also need all of the wine making equipment (Primary fermenter, secondary fermenter (carboy), siphon, hydrometer, etc. Kit includes the must or juice, yeast, clarifying agents, stabilizer, labels, and shrink capsules.
My experience has been the best results are to let it bulk age, in the carboy about 30 days, then bottle it. Most whites and fruit wines are best consumed early. And drink before a year or so. It is only the heavy reds that better with age. Even some of those say drinkable now but better with some age. Good Luck
The corks are about 1 1/2" long and seem to be a #8 in size. Can be pretty tough to install with my plastic plunger. But I do lightly steam them, so there is some swelling.
Your hydrometer reading will be a little higher when starting the kit. (etc. directions for a Barolo say it should start out around 1.080 and 1.090 and ours started out as 1.104) Throughout the process though, your readings should level out and ours always fall somewhere in-between what the directions say. Just make sure you're not off a drastic amount. The starting hydrometer reading is off because of the lessened amount of water (making 5 gal. instead of 6) We have made many of these kits and always make them to 5 gal. All of them have been very good with high alcohol content. Some of them we add a little oak in the primary fermentation and some we didn't add any oak. Both ways are yummy, just depends on the kind of taste you want in the end. Hope this info helps.
depending on where you live, I would look at a wine starter kit on Midwest supply.com or Amazon. This gives you all the things you need to make wine. Hoe much wine are you planning on making. If you are only going to make a few kits here and there, these beginner kits will be good enough. If you plan on making kits on a regular basis, I would upgrade the kit to include a floor corker. I also prefer the glass carboys to plastic, but they are also much heavier especially when full of wine. I really found everything I needed and the best prices at Midwest supply.com. They allow you to upgrade items in the kits and often give you a better deal than buying individually. I think I spent about $350. That will get you started. I make fruit wine from fresh fruit and have made about 30 of the vino italiano kits. I bought more carboys and fermentation buckets so I could do multiple wines at a time. Hope this helps
Hi, I use a hydrometer for measuring three things. The temp, alcohol content and the sugar content. I have used a refractometer in the past but not for wine. The one you would want to use is the Specific Gravity Refractometer for measuring alcohol. I feel they are however more expensive than an hydrometer plus this does all three necessary measurements. Hope this helps. Phil
It does not come with sanitizer or equipment. If you want to see all that it comes with, please check my video on YouTube. I make the kit from start to finish and show every step. Search for Sicilian Prince Vino Italiano.
Yes, but I would use the entire package of yeast for a 3 gallon batch.
I would not recommend that you make only 1 Gallon at a time using this kit as you only need a new fermentation bucket, that is fairly cheap considering what your planning
yes it is fine I have had them for over a year and they turned out fine I just bought a new yeast package.
5 to 6 gallons depending on which you prefer.....add more water get more wine with slightly less taste less water makes a more robust wine, just less of it.
Most of these kits mean exactly what they say. Four weeks from the time you start until ready to serve. This one, in particular is a four week kit, but requires much more effort and attention than one such as "Orchard Breezin". Two weeks to ferment and two weeks to stabilize, then its a go. Only one additional effort required at the second two week mark.
One would assume that by air a cargo plane would be cold and that would be fine. The destination temperature where it would set shouldn't exceed 90 degrees F. That would be my assumption
The kit comes with yeast and all the perservatives. Double check the box and make sure it did not drop behind the bag of grape juice. You will still need a 6 gallon bucket/jug, a corker, air trap, bottles, The wine kit comes with all ingredients but you still need a wine making kit (supplies) the stuff I mentioned above and some other things.
When it finishes fermenting it is on the dry side but you sweeten to taste before bottling.
Dark red
None of the instructions call for it and I have not seen any supplemental instructions from other users suggesting that it be done.
Nope! But everything else to make a good wine
I bought mine as a gift as well. I think he said around 40 in his case. He gave away a bunch since there was so much. I just checked reviews and someone said they got 25. It will depend on how strong you want to make it. Some people add less water than is directed or they test it and add only as much as needed for the % alcohol they want. I think the recommended gets you 30 bottles.
Yes
Yes The wine kit comes with grape must, wine yeast, bentonite, stabilizer, kieselsol, and chitosan. It also comes with corks, labels, and heat shrink capsules.
You need to buy the wine making kit that has the carboy, corker, fermentor ect. It cost around 170.00 for everything, then buy the wine kits, we get one kit every month since it cost about 2.00 a bottle of the best wine, but make sure you read everything it says for you to do
The Chitosan, which is used to stabilize the wine. I don't know if there is any thing else you can use in its place.
Yes, you have a problem. There should have been a blivot inside the bucket that held the juice. You should also have bags containing instructions, yeast, stabilizer, fining agent and clearing agent. It usually also comes with 30 corks, 30 foil tops and 30 labels. Call Amazon and complain, they will usually send you another one free.
you should have got a nice plastic bucket like me
I don't pay attention to how many weeks it says it takes. I just ferment the kits until fermentation is done. In my opinion, judging fermentation by time-frame, rather than fermentation activity, seems pointless. Stopping fermentation on any juice too early will result in a sweeter, less alcoholic wine.
Here is an excerpt from http://www.asianfoodgrocer.com/miso.html "How Long does Miso Last? Miso is an extremely stable food product. It should be refrigerated after opening, but it doesn't have to be kept cold while sealed. And even if you leave your miso in the pantry instead of the fridge, it won't spoil- refrigeration simply makes it last longer. The secret to miso's longevity is the fact that it's fermented. Fermentation is a fancy word for spoiled. Because the ingredients have already been `spoiled', they won't expire anymore. The only thing that miso will do is dry out. And again, dried out miso isn't bad for you, it just won't taste as good as it's supposed to. So if you want your miso to taste the way it should then keep it in the fridge, but at the same time, the stuff isn't going to rot any time soon, regardless of where you store it." Also, read through this article http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=6190769
Certified organic Aged & Fermented Rice & Soybeans Eden Foods Non-GMO Quality Kosher Parve Eden Shiro Miso is pure food, koji fermentation, ages of accumulated wisdom, and solely traditional foods making techniques. It is very mellow and the sweetest of all misos, made of USA family farm organic, Non-GMO soybeans and rice. It is fermented for two months and is our lowest salt/sodium miso. Suggested Use Shiro Miso is especially well suited for summer dishes: soup, salad dressing, dip, sauce, marinades, and noodles. Other Ingredients Organic rice, whole hulled organic soybeans, water, sea salt, koji aspergillus oryzae Warnings Refrigerate after opening. Supplement Facts Serving Size: 1 Tablespoon (17 g) Servings Per Container: 20 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 30 Calories from Fat 5 Total Fat .5 g 1% Saturated Fat 0 g 0% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 330 mg 14% Potassium 15 mg 0% Total Carbohydrate 6 g 2% Dietary Fiber &lt;1 g 2% Sugars 4 g Protein 1 g 2% Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 0% Riboflavin (B2) 2%
According to their website, one tablespoon has 330 mg sodium. I now get miso at Sprouts.
Sorry I don't know the answer. I'm now using another brand, from Sprouts.
13 8oz cups, about 104oz once mixed. 128oz equals 1 gallon.
Me too...Now $55.00. Check out Bob's...It's not organic but very comparable with taste.
I don't know, how much milk it makes.....I use 3/4 cup when making yogurt. I mix that into two quarts of fat free milk for one batch of yogurt.....I get about 2.5 batches of yogurt out of one pack of powdered milk.
My package says Wisconsin.
No. This milk is non-fat. Toddlers need fat for brain function, I would only use this for making treats, like chocolate milk. You can try stonyfield or organic valley fresh milk 2% or whole milk plus a serving of yobaby or yotoddler daily. Your pediatrician may recommend staying on a toddler formula instead of or in addition to milk so call your doctor first. Calcium and protiein daily, with exercise will help your daughter grow to her full height potential that she is supposed to be.
The dry milk we have, has a 7 month shelf life. We actually put it in the freezer and take it out, one bag at a time. Hope that helps.
No, but it sounds like a good idea. U can vary the thickness by adding more powder with less water. Mix well before adding to the potatoes or Mac and cheese. Be patient. It can take a few minutes to dissolve.
It's corn free. organicvalley.com says it is gluten free.
I suggest the person call Organic Valley: 888-444-6455. I don't know because I haven't bought it recently.
The last two batches I received have exp. date 03/14
Miso has an indefinite shelf life and will never spoil. I've kept mine in the refrigerator for almost a year and it's still good. This packaging is nice with the inner pouch plus the outer zip lock bag. The active nutrients in Miso will dissipate with heat, so always add miso paste after cooking or heating is finished and never reheat miso. The enzymes in miso aid in digestion. Ancient shogun warriors were fed hacho miso for strength and endurance, and the Emperor of Japan is said to enjoy hacho miso every day. Enjoy!
I don't know if it's GMO or not. But hacho miso is usually considered to be the highest quality miso.
This is the only information I have on the product. If it does not address your question, you may need to call the manufacturer for further information. Description Resealable Package Aged & Fermented Soybeans Eden Foods Organic Quality Kosher Parve OCIA Certified Eden Certified Organic Misos are made using whole foods, a natural koji fermentation process, traditional techniques and craftsmanship. EDEN Organic Hacho Miso is made from USA family farm grown organic soybeans and is aged for 3 years. Considered Japan's finest culinary treasure and heartiest miso. Its rich full-bodied flavor, deep chocolate color and mild salt taste make Eden Organic Hacho Miso ideal for winter dishes. Enjoy in soups, casseroles, sauces, noodles, & stewed vegetables. Suggested Use Basic Miso Soup 2-3" piece Eden Wakame leaf or 1 tsp Eden Wakame Flakes 4 cups water 1 small onion, thinly sliced/diced 1 carrot, diced 1 1/2-2 Tbsp Eden Organic Hacho Miso, dissolved in 2 Tbsp water or soup broth 2 green onions, finely sliced Optional ingredients: tofu, dried tofu, shiitake, greens, daikon, lotus, turnip, leeks, noodles, etc. Rinse wakame, soak in cold water to cover 5 min. and dice, or add flakes directly, no soaking required. Bring water to a boil. Add onions and wakame. Simmer 3 min. Add carrots and simmer 5 min. Reduce flame to very low. Add miso and simmer 2 min. Do not boil. Garnish with green onions. Other Ingredients Whole organic soybeans, water, sea salt, organic toasted barley flour, koji (aspergillus oryzae) Warnings Refrigerate after opening Supplement Facts Serving Size: 1 Tablespoon (17 g) Servings Per Container: 20 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 40 Calories from Fat 15 Total Fat 1.5 g 2% Saturated Fat .2 g 0% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 680 mg 28% Potassium 180 mg 5% Total Carbohydrate 4 g 2% Dietary Fiber &lt;1 g 2% Sugars 0 g Protein 3 g 6% Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 4% Calcium 2% Iron 4% Riboflavin B2 8%
No
I don't know for sure. I always order the 96 count.
No I can't I bought it got someone else.
Not that I am aware
It says "dark roast coffee extra bold"
I'm trying to calculate the same thing. Let's see.....the side of the container states that 1/3 of a cup is 230 calories after it's baked. So, with most Belgian Waffle makers using 1 cup per waffle (I've been watching review videos all morning of waffle makers, so I know most use 1 cup) I'm going to say that with only 1 waffle, you've got 690 calories after it's baked. :O If 1/3 of a cup baked is 230 calories, multiply that by 3 to get a full cup, a full cup of prepared mix makes one waffle......you've got a 690 calorie waffle. Holy cow!
Personally I believe it is. In my opinion it has a unique taste that is only found in the Golden Malted brand, especially when making Belgium Waffles.
we use a dry cup measure. scoop a cup of flour and poke it with a knife or fork to let air escape and then level off top with a knife. 1 cup dry flour mix
1-2 days
I purchased mine a few months ago and the expiration is Feb 2015. I'm already on my last can and as a matter of fact I'm eating a waffle as I write this answer. This mix is really good and I highly recommend you try it.
we have a belgian waffle maker and it makes 4-5 waffles per recipe, and about 3 recipes per can
There are about 5 and one half batches in a 33 ounce can. Each batch makes about 6 waffles for me. So I would say in the vicinity of about 30 to 35 waffles. You do not want your batter to be thick. The waffles are much lighter if the batter is a bit on the thin side.
Yes, you can! This is my favorite waffle mix but I never thought of other uses so I searched the web - if you go to http://www.goldenmalted.com/images/recipe-book.pdf there's a recipe for fried chicken using the mix! Thanks to you, I'm going to try it myself! THANK YOU FOR ASKING THE QUESTION!!!
Yes it is halal the alcohol percentage is pretty low and you only use a teaspoon in baking the whole bottle contains 0.5% alcohol
Yes, it is. Source: my GF wife who purchased this for herself.
No, fronteir's alcohol free vanilla does not have sugar. Many other brands do though.
On the front sticker above FRONTIER it does say all natural and it is printed on the green part of the label. Also on the right of VANILLA there is a Fair Trade certification mark. Jesus' Blessings and Peace
Please see the article at www.colavita.com/authenticity.htm to answer all questions about this fantastic olive oil.
yes, all olive oil thickens in the refrigerator. Just warm it back up and it will thin right back out
Sorry I don't have a clue....all I know is my wife loves the stuff.....
Sorry I have no idea
Resealable Package Aged & Fermented Non-GMO Quality Kosher Parve OCIA Certified Organic Eden Certified Organic Misos are made using whole foods, a natural koji fermentation process, traditional techniques and craftsmanship. Eden Organic Mugi Miso is made from USA family farm grown barley and soybeans, aged for 18 months. To be enjoyed year round in soups, stews, sauces, gravies, vegetable dishes, spreads, and noodle dishes. Suggested Use Refrigerate after opening Basic Miso Soup 2-3'' piece Eden Wakame leaf or 1 tsp. Eden Wakame Flakes 4 cups water 1 small onion, thinly sliced/diced 1 carrot, diced 1 1/2-2 Tbsp. Eden Organic Mugi Miso, dissolved in 2 Tbsp. water or soup broth 2 green onions, finely sliced Optional Ingredients: tofu, dried tofu, shiitake, greens, daikon, lotus, turnip, leeks, noodles, etc. Rinse wakame, soak in cold water to cover 5 min. and dice, or add flakes directly, no soaking required. Bring water to a boil. Add onions and wakame. Simmer 3 min. Add carrots and simmer 5 min. Reduce flame to very low. Add miso and simmer 2 min. Do not boil. Garnish with green onions. Other Ingredients Organic barley, organic whole soybeans, water, sea salt, koji (aspergillus oryzae) Supplement Facts Serving Size: 1 Tablespoon (17 g) Servings per container: 20 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 25 Calories from Fat 5 Total Fat .5 g 1% Saturated Fat 0 g 0% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 640 mg 27% Potassium 60 mg 2% Total Carbohydrate 4 g 1% Dietary Fiber &lt;1 g 2% Sugars 1 g Protein 2 g 4% Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 2% Riboflavin B2
I have used and continue to use several types of Organic Miso. It is a very good probiotic. My favorite is Hacho Miso, but all of them have been really good and beneficial. I use approximately 1 heaping teaspoonful dissolved in a cup of hot distilled water. Only one teaspoonful because of the high salt content. And I don't boil water with Miso in it because that "kills" the beneficial living enzymes and destroys many of the health benefits. I normally prepare some rice noodles to combine with it, and always put some homemade ghee with it. One container of Miso usually lasts me a couple of months. I have Miso soup 2 to 4 times a week.
Yes, it does contain active cultures.
yes, you do, and the product is great. It is a wonder to cook with and does not burn in the skillet. It is also good to use as a face cream, believe it or not. It is a great buy.
I have it in my hand now and yes it is.
The opposite is true. Cold Pressed is by far better for your skin. Google around (although it might be tough to find this info). I recently bought Nature's Way and they sent me Expeller Pressed coconut oil for some reason. It didn't soak into my skin at all, made my eyes red and kinda hurt (if I put it under near my eyes) and it left an oily feeling ALL day long. I researched through google and the amazon comments section and found out that expeller pressed does that to you. So long answer short, USE COLD PRESSED FOR COOKING AND FOR SKIN.
The right kind of saturated fat is fine. Extra virgin coconut oil is the right kind. It goes directly to energy and warmth, not to fat. Great in winter. If you tend to feel chilly, you'll notice the difference.
Will someone answer the question, is it wet milled?
I love this product and use it as a daily moisturizer for my entire body, including lightly on my face (I usually have oily and acne prone skin and this does not make it worse)....you should research the benefits of coconut oil to answer your questions, unless you are asking how good this particular oil is. I have done TONS of research on coconut oil and this organic, extra virgin, cold pressed Nutiva brand is AMAZING. If you get it in the 54oz twin pack, auto shipped it's also the cheapest one out of all of the jugs (yes, I spent literally HOURS going over price!! lol) I hope this helps at least somewhat. :)
In searching for ROVCO myself, I believe the company has discontinued their "raw" CO, as stated on various websites I searched.
It says that it is packaged in a facility that also bottles peanut oil.
I like them both. The coconut oil I use when I fry eggs or scramble them. They come out non greasy and taste better. I use it for cooking fish and also for making french toast. Also I use it for my hair and skin. A little dabs to condition hair, and later wash it out makes it real soft. It adds good nutrients to my hair. It makes my skin soft when too dry. It hydrates quicker then oil. It is a good product. Evoo is great for food dishes and also healthy. I use that alot too. I just started using the coconut oil, was impressed by how the oil sucks into the food quickly without leaving an oily taste. It doesnt burn the food. The nice part is I put a small amount on my hands and areas that are dry and it goes on oily but hydrates the skin quicker then creams and skin feels soft. So i use them both.
Yes, it works pretty well for me, I do it occasionally.
"Ingredients: 100%Whole Grain Irish Oats" All of the oats are grown in Counties Kildare and Meath. McCann's web site is worth a look http://www.mccanns.ie/IrishOats.html God bless Erik
It doesn't say, so I would say no. Their # is: 18669586287.
30 minutes but it serves me several days with reheating. It is my favorite.
It depends on who you ask. Oats do not contain gluten, but can be cross contaminated with gluten. Advise you consult the manufacture.
I have never used the quick and easy type.
I don't know about the cardboard, but I love the Metal!
It is the cardboard box that contains the cans; it has nothing to do with the cans. P.S. I just looked and the price is the same.
Zero (according to the nutrition panel) if you do not add any salt while cooking. =)
Steel cut (Irish) oats are healthier as they are not overprocessed and take longer to digest than rolled oats.
If the hazelnut oil smells ransid...it has expired
December 2014. Sickening sweet, and the jars/lids wont take much knocking about. This buy was a mistake.
Eating it. LOL! When my wife was getting down to the bottom of the container she used a small spatula. It was flexible enough to get what a spoon or snack item couldn't.
Yes, you are exactly right. Thanks for bringing that to our attention.
I checked one of my cans. There are no animal products listed in the ingredients, however it does mention that they are produced in a facility that has fish and shellfish. As a vegan myself, this doesn't bother me, but for a person with fish or shellfish allergies, I might be concerned.
No they are a product of Thailand.
Not as crunchy as the nut, but not soft either. They really taste great. The wasabi is sort of melded onto the nut.
No, unfortunately, the bottle and the grinder are not reuseable.
Hey Josette. If it's the same as other food and supplements, it means best sell by. I use a lot of this particular product, but bought three at a time, they last awhile. I've used it well past the date and it's just fine.
Hi Josette. I have not had a problem with the garlic tasting the same when I open it and the bottom of the jar. It is so good. Before purchasing it from Amazon, I was running from store to store and no one carried it and I was frantic because it is so good. I hope this answers your question.
I'd say no, because it has wheat in it and it doesn't say its gluen free on the box, but I'm not a gluten expert.
You got me. No idea. I'm going to eat it anyway, though, because it's better than the alternative! All we can do is our best. My kids are HUGE cereal eaters (it's what's for breakfast!), and I'm pleased they will eat THIS type of cereal over junk cereal. Disappointing labeling, though. Agreed.
It's all right here in this link. I just googled the name of the cereal and got this hit. Simple. http://www.vitacost.com/natures-path-organic-flax-plus-cereal-red-berry-crunch-10-5-oz-1
North Dakota
Yes it is
yes you do!!
Each jar weighs 26 ozs.
I did not refrigerate the flax seed, but kept (keep) it in a dark, dry cupboard. The expiration dates on the ones I purchased (maybe 2 years ago?) are Aug. 2015. Hope this helps!
They have a safety seal. I purchased this product, and 2 of 4 containers in the package were open. There is no way to receive a refund either. Buy at your own risk
It has been a long time since I got this product. So, I don't know if it is grass fed or not. I used it in cold liquids,but it did not actually dissolve in them, but I liked it well enough that way. I was doing a very low carb. diet at the time, which caused some health issues even while I lost weight. I'm doing something different now that has helped me a lot so far. It may be that not dissolving the gelatin might have contributed to my developing allergy symptoms to gelatin. Mostly I believe it was the low carb. diet that was responsible. Great Lakes is supposed to be a very good brand of gelatin.
It can. It is powdered gelatin derived from beef-but has no flavor on its own. Use as you would use Knox.
Although I don't know of any Tiramisu recipes that call for gelatin, this gelatin definitely works as any other gelatin, with the same proportions. You may have to look up how much to use, however, because most recipes call for pre-measured packets.
Yes, it is gluten free.
Hello Dan, I am surprised myself that I never checked origin of material to produce this gelatin which printed on the package only "NOW FOODS" as Distributer. I looked their web site but I couldn't find very clear answer. Regarding of consciousness I sent mail to the company. They responded promptly. But i am still not sure Why they couldn't specified of "local maker"- whoever it is,they could make anything in same building their Factory without let us know of. "MADE IN USA"doesn't mean 100% safe that we should always keep in our mind too. You might have now more information than mine.if so,please share information to other consumers! NOW FOODS Beef Gelatin Powder #6509 Manufacturer # 733739065094 Here's copy of their reply ; -----------Begin forwarded message: From : ProductInfo &lt;productinfo@nowfoods.com&gt; Date : September 6, 2013, 6:42:21 PDT Subject : RE: Beef Gelatin source Hello, We purchase this from a local manufacturer and confirm the quality in our facility. Produced and purified in Illinois, USA plant from components (cow hides) manufactured in the USA, Brazil, Argentina or Mexico. See our website for information on our Quality efforts under Elements of Quality. http://www.nowfoods.com/Quality/ Thank you for your inquiry, NOW Product Information Group From: contact_form@sitemail.nowfoods.com [mailto:contact_form@sitemail.nowfoods.com] Sent: Thursday, September 05, 2013 9:41 PM To: ProductInfo Subject: Contact Form from nowfoods.com
Hi Christopher... it's a bit bigger than a ten pound bag of flour. Perhaps something like 11 inches high and six inches wide, and it is stuffed with nuts. And they are just beautiful, big kernels. Hope this helps.
Yes, they are raw. You don't need to cook them, they are great eaten raw. They are at their best eaten raw after overnight soaking in water.
Yes, skins are still on.
Out of the shell...
Officially I can NOT say.......but I buy them for the woodpeckers and the Jays............and mysteriously I get volunteer peanut plants in various planters and in the lawn...........you decide?
Not to my knowledge. I use them to feed the squirrels, birds, etc.
While I have not put mine in a freezer, I understand that you can do that. You should really ask a grower directly, R.O. has a web site and a phone number and they will answer your question.
Looking at their website they have a recipe using these peanuts. It is quite lengthy. The characteristics of boiled peanuts are different from those processed by any other method. The kernels have a firm, slightly gelatinous texture, are moist yet crunchy, with a mild nutty flavor. The seed coats are gray in color with prominent veins. Boiled peanuts may be served as they are, as a party or between meal snack, used to add flavor and crunch to salads, casseroles, poultry stuffing or other prepared dishes. They also are an excellent ingredient replacement for water chestnuts. Boiled Peanuts (Using Royal Oak Peanuts Dried Raw Shelled Peanuts) Put 1 pound raw shelled peanuts in a 3 quart crock pot. Fill pot with water. Allow peanuts to soak 8 hours or overnight. Peanuts will absorb a lot of the water making it necessary to add water until the pot if filled. Add salt to taste*. Cook peanuts on low for 8 hours and then on high for 1-1/2 hours or medium for 4 1/2 hours. Drain. *(Try 4 to 5 tablespoons of salt; taste toward end of cooking time. Add more salt if taste dictates and allow to cook for about 1 hour more.)
I don't know. Label doesn't say and I do not know when peanuts ripen. But they tasted quite good.
I can jam, and I would NOT EVER DEVIATE from tested recipes. Safety is my top priority. I know people do deviate, and that's why I got peach jam that exploded in my cupboard from a friend. Use Pomona's Pectin for setting jam with less or no sugar. I use it all the time, it's great.
Yes it dissolves in water much better than apple pectin, which is why I chose this product over apple pectin products. And this works much better than psyllium husk.
NOW used to make Apple Pectin, but I stopped being able to find it. I decided to try the Apple Fiber and quite honestly I get the same results. There is probably some technical difference, but I believe it is very similar. Maybe they just had it labeled incorrectly to begin with and someone made them change it. I always wished I still had the apple pectin bag when I first got the apple fiber to see if the ingredients were really different.
It is not labeled as such. It has been a while since I ordered it since I had gotten a double pack, so things may have changed. My experience is that NOW Foods has not traditionally been known for non GMO products. I just had a hard time finding this product made by anyone, so I got it because I had good luck with it.
Yes if a blender is used to mix it in.
This is organic, a very good product!
Yes. I've done it for months. With a fork scrape off some curds off the top, about a 1/2 cup or more. (It takes a couple of days to get it going well.) Put them in the bottom of a clean quart jar and add freshly milked, warm milk over it. Keep at room temperature for 24 hrs. It has really improved our health.
I didn't use an electric yogurt maker. I just use a jar with the yogourmet and half and half covered with an unfolded napkin held in place with a rubber band. I set it on a counter the kitchen in a warm place and it makes beautiful rich yogurt in about 24 hours + or - depending on the temperature of the house at the time. As I'm the only one who eats it, I don't bother with the electric machine when a jar works well.
Goats' milk, sheep milk, yak milk...
I've seen it at many Whole Foods stores and it's never in the refrigerated section. Ti does not need refrigeration, although I wouldn't expose it to heat. It should definitely work. Give it a try. I remember having some mixed results from it, some batches were pretty good, some were pretty bad... Hope this helps! :)
The short answer is yes, but I have have successfully used this product well past the expiration date with good results.
I apologize as this was a gift I am unaware of the duration.
I put mine in a quart canning jar with cover and leave at room temperature for 24 hours
I'm not sure as I purchased this as a gift for a friend.
If I'm making a new batch, I usually make about a cup or a cup and a half first and then put it it in a larger jar, probably about a pint or pint and a half and make the next batch. Then I just add more milk or half and half to that batch in the larger jar as I need it, changing containers for a new clean one every other time, usually. I eat my kefir as yogurt, not as a smoothie type drink, so like it thicker and "spoonable". In the summer months, I will make a larger amount sometimes and add fresh fruit to it and put it in the blender if I want smoothies. Hope this helps. I have found that making a small thick batch first is helpful instead of making a large one the first time. Just experiment until you find the amount and consistency that you like best.
You need to find a specific recipe to use almond or coconut milk. I never had any luck with the yogurt thickening if I used something other than cow's milk, and I just haven't tried again lately. The cultures should work, but you have to add a lot of other things to the mix, again to thicken the yogurt.
completely raw
Nothing is wrong. That is just where they were shelled.
Brazil nut trees are found in the Amazon rain forest areas of South America where they grow to 160 feet tall. Boliva is the leading exporter providing about 50%, Brazil 40%, & Peru 10% according to recent info.
I use half and put the other half in a Tupperware container and use within 3-4 days.
They were bad new make my face super big had go to doctor Had to throw them out
Yes, they are fully cooked and easy to slice. I dice mine for American Potato Salad.
There is a label we put in the outside of the packaging. It is also on the actual container. Does that help answer your question? Please let me know if I can help further
I am not Jewish but attended a Passover as an invited guest. This was where I first tasted Osem used in preparation for some of the Passover foods. It is occasionally available in our grocery store along with other acceptable Jewish foods.
Absolutely! Really adds great taste to soups!
It usually comes to me in a box big enough for at least 12 cans. I guess those packing airbags weigh quite a bit. Whatever the size of the shipping box, this is EXCELLENT tasting coffee.
I purchase the French Market Coffee without chickory (it's sold in a red can), and its ground coffee, not whole bean. I doubt this is whole bean with chickory.
The coffee in the red can is stronger almost the double.
Well, the ingredient is 100% gelatin, but I suspect you don't actually want the ingredients, you want to know what the gelatin is made from. It's pig and beef skin, as well as bones and connective tissue of those and other animals, like chicken and fish. The collagen is rendered from animal parts, and turned into gelatin via hydrolysis.
Everyone responds differently to products like this, you would have to try it for yourself. In order to know if it works for you you would have to take it for several months ~ allowing your nails to grow out after you've started taking the gelatin. It's worth a try, but I do know it is less expensive at some grocery markets and super stores.
Unflavored gelatine has no flavor of its own and contains no sugar
This gelatin works well for nails, it is also great for your joints.
Have no idea, contact the company.
What is halal?
Absolutely indefinite if not stored in a humid place. I took a box overseas once, came back after 3 years and kept it 2 more beside that for thickening gravies and fruit pies. Expiration dates are merely indicators of guaranteed freshness, but many items can be used beyond the usage dates. It is a sadness that nowadays everyone interprets these dates as "throw away by" dates.
I'm sure that it is gluton free. It contains no grain. It's made from a root
Arrowroot is a powdery starch that is gluten free and easy to digest. You could whisk a couple of teaspoons into your pudding. Although arrowroot is neutral in taste, I feel it leaves a slightly gritty texture. Personally, if I were you I would just eat this batch of tapioca as it is...runny...and, next time, don't forget to add the vanilla during the cooking stage. Bon appetite! :)
I used to just leave it in the box with the lid closed and it was fine. Now that I get more boxes at a time I empty them into a sealed plastic container. This is for convenience only though.
March 30, 2016
nope :) Possibly a box was damaged in shipping. I was very pleased with the 6 pack I bought and had delivered and now that I'm reminded of tapioca, I think I'll make some up.
Elliott If you will go to our storefront type in Tapioca it should come up on the page. I show that on the packaging it is good for Puddings. I hope this answers you question. Mark B
MSG is a flavor enhancer and despite what people think, there has never been one case of a person having a reaction outside of placebo. People with MSG problems will have the same symptoms if you just tell them there is MSG in something regardless of actual MSG content.
I don't know (sorry) but I'd surely like to buy some. How about it, Amazon??
Yes. You have to add the liquid ingredients. Vinegar, water, and oil.
We use one of the electric stick mixers to blend vinegar, water, and dressing mix. Then while it's running add the oil slowly. Hope this helps.
Instead of just shaking the cruet I've been mixing it with an electric stick and it seems to stay well mixed.
Yes we ship to the UK. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do to help you with this purchase. Nanci
Yes, zesty has a little more garlic and stronger spices.
One cruet of dressing.
This is not marked Gluten Free. Besides sugar, salt, dried onions, etc., and spices, it has sodium citrate, xanthum gum, maltodextrin (from corn), natural flavor, guargum, and citric acid. I have no idea what natural flavor is if it is something other than the spices and dried peppers, carrots, etc. I do know that my friend who has celiac disease ate it, but that was the old formula that didn't stay thick. Hope this helps.
I don't know
i buy it in the large oval canister and i only poke a small hole about the size of a dime in the foil under the lid. i save my empty water bottles, line up the hole i made in canister and pour required amount into the bottle, no spill or no need for funnel. next i just fill with fresh milk replace cap and shake on my way out the door. clear bottle lets u see any unmixed portions but occasional shake is easy enough in the bottle.
Yes, we do :)
I'm not sure I know what you're talking about. I do not see gluten or flour listed in the ingredients. Ingredients nonfat milk, sugar, maltodextrin, cocoa (processed with alkali), lactose, and less than 2% of dicalcium phosphate, magnesium hydroxide, sodium ascorbate (vitamin c), soy lecithin, carrageenan, natural and artificial flavor, ferric orthophosphate (iron source), cornstarch, alpha tocopheryl acetate (vitamin e), niacinamide, salt, copper gluconate, zinc oxide, calcium pantothenate (pantothenic acid), manganese sulfate, vitamin a palmitate, pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin b6), thiamine mononitrate (vitamin b1), biotin, vitamin k1 (phytonadione), folic acid, vitamin d3 (cholecalciferol), vitamin b12 (cyanocobalamin).
I think they say there's no reduction in caffeine compared with regular instant coffees, just a reduction in acid. I notice no difference in caffeine myself..."feels" the same as regular, just no stomach issues.
I have ordered Kava several times and it has been a 3 pack every time. Really better for my Mom's acid reflux.
The company that owns Kava (Smuckers) does not list any decaf version of Kava. Amazon does offer a brewed coffee that is low-acid & decaf: Puroast Coffee House Blend Decaf Coffee.
1-800-742-6729
I don't use a full teaspoon for me I use about 1/2 or less to answer your Q I don't know
Because everything on line costs more and Walmart does NOT sell Kava. Went looking for it today.
No
Dear Adam: It is better than any other 'instant' I've ever had, especially after drinking brewed. I've been drinking Kava for 20+ years. I've 'gerd', with no problems with Kava. FYI: I believe Amazon now carries 'real' acid-reduced coffee -- both regular and decaf -- although I've never tried it. If you do, please let me know! Sincerely, Phyllis Gruber
Probably the least acid of the products available. I can drink it all day without acid trouble;. regular coffee is very hard on me. Best read the label on the jar on Amazon and compare it to other offerings.
The date on my purchase was 1 1/2 yrs out... I made the purchase around mid-2013. The exp. date on mine is Jan. 2015
The Dream Whip powder is primarily for making a whipped cream topping. It can be used with pudding and cake mixes to make a very moist, light cake (instructions on box).
No
At most grocery. Stores or order on line like I did.
I've used powdered milk and it set perfectly. I've never used soy or rice milk, so I can't if they would work the same.
I would say, about a cup.
on the can- total carbohydrate- 3g 1%
Mine was a pack of six.
I suppose it is a matter of taste; I prefer the taste of the natural unsweetened to that of the special dark. I add my own artificial sweetener to avoid sugar. Try a can of both and see which you prefer before you order a large quantity, then place an order for the one you prefer.
No it is not sweetened. You would have to add sugar to whatever you use it in. It only provides the chocolate flavor.
The container states the ingredients as "cocoa, cocoa processed with alkali" so, to my knowledge, it is dairy free.
10 C per tbsp, 0 fats, 0 chol, 55 my sodium, 3 gros carbs, 1 gym fiber, 0 sugar, 1 gym protein. This is for baking, not drinking.
You could, but don't expect it to be sweet like Nestles Quik, because it is raw, unprocessed cocoa. I like the lack of sweetness, and I do add it to smoothies with almond milk, banana, whey powder, but that's a very personal taste.
Sorry it does say it is a blend but doesn't give a ratio
There are 2 processes for making cocoa, 'natural' and 'dutched' . . . with dutched most of the natural acid has been removed from the cocoa so usually it would be used in recipes being leavened with baking powder rather than baking soda. Dutched cocoa is much darker than natural. Best thing is to google it - there's lots of good info on the web - try this site for a start: http://joythebaker.com/2013/10/baking-101-natural-vs-dutch-processed-cocoa-powder/
6
salt,sugar,flavor(hydrolysed soy protein,salt)hydrolysed soy protein, contains 2% or less of silicon dioxide(anticaking agent) beef fat, natural flavor (autolyzed yeast extract,salt,sugar, whey powder {from milk}, lactic acid) spice, onion powder, dehydrated cooked beef, caramel color, dried beef stock, disodium inosinate and disodium guanylate, autolysed yeast, flavoring
The jar doesn't say, but I've read elsewhere that generally 1 cube equals 1 teaspoon (and when you mash it up that seems about right.) One cube makes one cup of broth (but a little goes a long way. I use only 2 cubes in a big pot of beans.) ~Rebekah
I have vacuumed packed them and put them in my bug-out bags. I have had them in now for two years and do not want to open them for at least another two years. They are great in soups and make a great vegetable beef soup.
"Best by June 2014"
That is a mistake. Special Dark is a separate product with different taste altogether (I think they add sodium as well as a darker roast). The natural unsweetened is the original cocoa that everyone likes.
I haven't tried it with this cocoa, but I have tried old cocoa before. It depends on how it was stored. If it is stored in a warm environment, it probably will have lost some of its flavor. If stored unopened in a cool dry environment it will probably be just fine. FYI, mostly these "best if used by dates" have to do with the strength of the flavor; a lot of flavorful volatile compounds will disappear even from a sealed contain over time, however, some things (NOT Cocoa powder, which has its oils removed as part of its processing) do have oil in them, which does go rancid over time.
Yes this is powdered and non sweet cocoa for cooking.
6 cans with 8 ounces per can. Thus, a total of 48 ounces of cocoa goodness.
As far as I know the natural unsweetened is not dutched. I suggest that you visit this site for info on dutching: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_process_chocolate
I have never seen an allergen warning on any Hershey's Cocoa.
I used to mix it with trader joes cocoa to give my brownies and cupcakes a rich dark chocolate taste. It's pretty good. Trader Joes changed their cocoa formula so it's so light now that I just had to buy another brand entirely. This cocoa is too expensive for a bakery but it's great for home use.
Yes, it is dairy free. This is just one ingredient- unsweetened cocoa powder ground from cocoa beans. It is used for baking and it is very bitter. If you are making hot chocolate with it, you will need to add some sort of milk and sweetener to it.
Indeed you can...I mix the cocoa wit a bit of sugar, so that the cocoa doesn't clump and add warm milk also it doesn't clump then mix in cold milk..really delicious as I like dark chocolate best.
Rebecca, Some time ago I did purchase the Hersheys cocoa from Amazon. From what I remember the expiration date was later than what was available in a local store. Dennis
It is a steel alloy material. It is not aluminum.
I don't see an expiration date on the can. I am keeping it in the refrigerator.
If the system says no then you will have to buy it somewhere else that ships to Canada.
I contacted the company at one time to ask about that, and if I recall correctly, they said 12-18 months in pantry before being opened, and then about 6 months after opening.
There is no difference. My previous purchase of this product cost $23.97 for a pack of 3. Now the price by this vendor, which was originally supplied directly from Amazon is now $40.99. It has almost doubled. What a shame! I originally started to use it to make cat food for my Mr. Pumpkin before he died of lymphoma. Now I use it along with omega 3 oil capsules to keep a feral colony of cats on an increased fat diet for the winter. They love the oil and are all doing so well on it! Hope this helps!
I have not tried the dev, but this Lavazza decaf makes great iced coffee. I have also used their Rossa for iced and it's not as good. I have a grinder and an espresso machine too, but to make things easy (here in the desert) I just dump some of the decaf into some water and let it sit out overnight. Then strain, add milk and a sugar-free syrup and I'm set for several days. It's my go-to for iced coffee.
It is a fairly fine grind, so I would give it a try. It is very good coffee.
It mostly will depend on your machine and your methods. With a good machine and making sure the coffee is well pressed it makes a "crema" that I consider nice. Frankly I don't really care about the bubbles on top. The fact is that it is really good even made with a tipical stove top italian coffe maker. Which is what I generally use, even if I have an expresso machine.
I have no idea
Medium to dark, they roast the beans longer to decaffinate them.
From seattlecoffeegear.com: "Lavazza uses a modern process of decaffeination with carbon dioxide that does not diminish the flavor and aroma of the roasted coffee beans, a potential downfall of the Swiss water process. The use of carbon dioxide and pure water also avoids the use of potentially harmful substances in the decaffeination process."
No, not an instant but very good coffee!
ABSOLUTELY! I use it in 2 coffee makers, an electric Gevalia drip and a Mr. Coffee drip. Also have used with a Melita filter pouring hot water over it into a cup. All have be great. Enjoy.
I purchased mine around March, 2011 and they all had an expiration date of June 30, 2012. I still have part of a can left, and I really can't tell the difference in quality despite it being "expired" for 4 months now. It's hard to say what the date will be, but I haven't yet received anything from Amazon that was going to expire within 6 months.
Yes, this coffee is good for a moka style coffee maker. I used it in a Bialetti for a couple of years before buying an espresso machine, and i like it quite a lot.
Milder mocha flavor with very little caffeine jitters compared to some other coffees I've tried. Very nice coffee with excellent cream and flavor.
I would say it's a medium strength but rich flavor.
I use the Bialetti every day without any problem but have never used the Cuisinart.
I second this question.
I tried and was not bad! I really love using this coffee with machine, but I also use it when I have sleepy day - just add the coffee to cup and fill with hot water and drink. It is little bit finely minced, so you could have coffee granules in your mouth, but I do not care ;) I just love the taste.
I think it is a problem with the grind. I have been using this coffee for a while now and the last 2 cases I have ordered have been very un-even in the grind...some of it is too coarse and there has been a lot of "dust" that is just way too fine to pass through the filter properly (tamped or not)
I use a mini electric egg beater (or milk frother) they sell on Amazon.
i am very sorry that i don't have the answer. but i do use SACO powdered milk and i do love that one. the now milk got way too expensive for me. thank you!
I'm not sure how (wheat?) gluten could ever make its way into milk powder, but it is certainly not listed as an ingredient. The only ingredient listed is "Non-Fat Dry Milk Powder". Below is the URL for this product on the manufacturer's web site in case it is of any help to you. http://www.nowfoods.com/Foods/Real-Food/Products/M004002.htm
It's not your imagination. Been drinking PG Tips for decades (I used to carry it back from Europe in pre-internet ordering days). It is definitely not what it used to be. I've tried several boxes on the assumption I must have gotten a bad batch, but three bad boxes in a row, several months apart, and have sadly come to the conclusion that they changed the blend. Sadness! I'm abandoning the brand.
That's what I expected when I ordered. It actually arrived as 3 packages of 160 each, still totaling 480.
Not much!
Usually in about a year or so. I got my order at the beginning of this month. "Best before" date is July 2015 but tea is good for a couple years if stored in a dark, dry place...
We are based in the UK and all of our orders ship with Royal Mail Airmail and are normally delivered within 7-18 working days of shipment. It is a non tracked service. Orders are generally despatched within 2 days of being placed. So you need to factor in up to 20 working days from placing the order, to the receipt of your goods. Amazon quote a time frame based on a ground shipping service, so the delivery estimate generated by Amazon is slightly inaccurate.
Hello, Standard shipping to California takes between 10-12 days however it may take longer as it depends on how quickly they sort out the parcels at the parcel sort centre and customs. We hope we've helped you out. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
I don't recall but it tastes fresh.
The box I just received has an expiration date of 11/2015.
Yes - Shipping is free to the USA. Enjoy your tea!
There are no shipping costs, and no additional customs or postage charges will be incurred if you order this product through us.
Personally, I could detect no bitter taste.
There is no difference...this is an amazing brand of erytherol granules highly recommend it!
You are correct. It should read 100% pure. Thank you. netMart
I have not tried erythritol only xyltlitol. However, I don't expect any sugar alternative to have the same properties as sugar. You might want to ask in Google whether erythritol is good for baking cookies and see what responses you get.
Truvia is a blend of stevia and erythritol so the flavors are very similar. Truvia has the stevia "bite" in the aftertaste, but it is far less than straight stevia. Both are excellent tasting sweeteners.
Yes--you get 3 16oz bags.
It's granulated - very fine - and works great in my tea or coffee (desolves well), which is my main use of this product.
Yes it is. To be sure I googled it as you could have and it says: Erythritol - 1lb Bag | NOW Foods www.nowfoods.com/Erythritol-1-lb.htm NOW Foods Erythritol - 1 lb. ... Erythritol is a naturally-occurring sugar alcohol derived from a corn source and is naturally ... Pure Erythritol Crystalline Powder (Non-GMO).
I don't know for sure, but pretty sure it's not as it is recommended for Paleo recipes.
Each box contains 80 tea bags so entire backage is 480 tea bags.
Sorry, but i did not know that it was. Lived in England and now back in the US and unaware that it stains more than other teas.
I've never tried "London Cuppa," - actually I've never even heard of it! Where is is available, I wonder? I live in New York, NY. But I find that it compares favorably with Yorkshire Gold and PG Tips. Personally, I think that PG Tips has a "rough" taste, unlike Tetley's British Blend which is both strong and smooth. Also Tetley's is much less expensive!
Very well liked one of the top selling tea. Once you try this you won't use any other.
Comes with 6 box, every box has 80 bags. Thank you.
they do have a long shelf life....I've never had any trouble in that respect.....
According to Bing about 40mg. This is by far the best tea I have ever tasted. Makes delicious ice tea too. I am a tea drinker, raise on my grandmothers and mothers tea. They are both gone now, but I enjoy my cuppa and have wonderful memories of them.
Nothing has changed in the last batch I received. Same wonderful, delicious tea as always. csk
I contacted company in Arizona. Reply was that they only use organic stevia and only source is China. I do not care to use products from China however this particular product seems to be a good one.
Stevia is very stable at high temperatures and is a good sugar substitute for baking. I use it all the time and no one can tell. Go to their website for a conversion chart.
I received my order on 3/30/2015. The date on the bottle is 12/2016
You might want to contact the individual seller to make sure. I would guess the picture is the correct item and it is organic. Since it is fulfilled by Amazon, if they send the non organic one, they would make it right.
No; it only contains 'organic stevia leaf extract'
12/15 is the expiration date on the container. By using only 1/80th of a teaspoon at a time makes it last long depending on how much you use each time. This is the purest, unadulterated version of Stevia that my naturopathic doctor recommends. Love it!!
Pure stevea period.
No, and it was very hard to get the right amount....that's why I switched to liquid stevia extract.
Sorry, but I have no idea. Indeed, I had to look up "non-GMO certified" to learn what it meant! It might be helpful to e-mail genetic-id.com at info@genetic-id.com and see whether they have the answer. At cornucopia.org, it states that "Chia Goodness is verified GMO-free by the Non-GMO Project." Hope this helps. Stay healthy!
Allergy Alert: Raw Goodness is packaged in a facility that also handles milk, eggs, fish, tree nuts, peanuts, wheat and soybeans.
Yes, they are raw.
I was told they use the steam method. Short of going to the processing factory ourselves these days we have to take a company at their word. These worked fine for our use though of making almond milk. We soaked them 8hrs and changed the water mid way through.
I've never made flour out of them, DH grinds them pretty small to put in pancakes.
No. They must be labeled organic to be organic...the term "natural" really doesn't mean anything.
Honestly, I'm no expert but I've always kept tightly sealed bags in the freezer -- almonds, walnuts, pecans, pine nuts, etc. However, we don't eat raw nuts very much. I usually slow roast for snacking or use in baked goods.
No
Yes!! Do not buy these nuts. They also add some kind of oil without noting it on the label. Save your money
No salt--natural, raw.
I am not the seller, I am the buyer.
It appears to be illegal for companies to sell in large quantities in the US without pasteurizing...http://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=dailytip&dbid=324 I just read up on this myself. I'm interested in the answer, as well...
Sorry, I do not know.
that depends on how many you are making. I got three 5 pound bag to do about 200 bags and to have some left over to put into a basket.
The wedding was in Sept. 2013. I still have some left and they are still very good. I wouldn't worry about a few months.
There are 500-600 nuts per 5 pound bag.
I didn't look at the expiration date for mine, but I imagine it would be fine if you kept them in a cool dry place. Call them and ask for the expiration date?
The product was fine. It is not a Kosher product to the best of my knowledge.
Lightly but evenly salted.
These used to be $3.99 a lb 20 years ago. My guess is inflation. Not sure about S&H. I wish sellers would read questions and answer them.
Hello. Turkish pistachios are much more flavorful than California pistachios. They are also smaller. I don't think that they are salted, but I'm not positive. I can say that I would highly recommend Turkish over any other pistachios. I order 10 lbs of Turkish all the time. Please give them a try, you wont be disappointed.
Yea they are
These are shelled. I recommend that you divide them up and store in separate bags since they are raw.
They do not seem to have been processed at all. We soak them in a bowl of water for a day then run them through a dehydrator overnight. No funny flavors, just pure almond goodness.
Best to store them in zip lock or in container with good fitting lid. Store in cool, dry place.
Quality is good but costco has a better price
Agreed! I was very disappointed with this purchase
yes...unfortunately
the ones i get from Amazon are steamed , blanched or pasteurized and are allowed to be labeled raw-pure raw is illegal to be sold unless purchased directly from farms -see Sunfood or Bremmer Foods being sold directly from the farm in Calif -Almonds from abroad can be sold totally pure raw and health food stores and some whole food super markets carry them
Vietnam..as stated on bag.
I soak them in sea salt water for 24 hours, rinse them in a collander, put them on a pan with holes in bottom then put in a low temp oven (mine only goes as low as 170 degrees--better if 150 or so) for about 10 hours. Check them after about 6 hours to determine pace of dehydration. This is the pan I use http://www.amazon.com/Calphalon-Nonstick-Pizza-Pan-16-Inch/dp/B008BULEZG/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1398389482&sr=8-8&keywords=pizza+pan
Vietnam
Hi there! We'll refund you 50% of shipping charges! please send us an email once you've placed your order and we'll issue the partial refund.
Yes; they are! Not only that but they are perhaps the highest quality and best tasting prunes that you can buy and.. The profits go to charity as well&#128512;
Yes they are dried, but moist and delicious and pitted
Sorry you don't like them this fresh. That's why they're so moist. We're all conditioned to expect the store bought variety that's treated with preservatives. That's to extend shelf life. Fine if you like it. I preferred to get used to these beauties. My only suggestion would be to dry them in the oven on a cookie sheet at about 200 degrees. Check them every 10 minutes until they reach your desired level of dryness. Good luck!
If it doesn't say raw on the package i would doubt that it is.
They are absolutely pitted...and consistently great.
They are gluten free. This is stated affirmatively on the front of the package. They are also peanut tree-nut free. With regard to wheat at the processing plant, you would have to contact the manufacturer to be certain. However given the nature of the process, I would find that unlikely. Moreover, the fact that it's an organic product and that Newman's bothered to be very specific about other allergy-related concerns might imply that if other allergens were potentially present, they, too, would at least be mentioned. Hope that helps.
I'm not sure if it's just this edition (repeated as people may like the 2008 edition) or if this is old stock but I ordered this exact item last year for Christmas and everyone loved it. We were trying each one to the point of overload. It's been a while now so I don't remember if the packaging matched this or not. Basically I guess I'm saying that the coffee was a good variety (most of them) and everyone enjoyed them, but I couldn't tell you what the expiration date is/was. The current one is cheaper and here: http://www.amazon.com/Coffee-Masters-Twelve-Coffees-Christmas/dp/B009LEI1UM/ref=pd_sim_gro_9
I did not see one on my package but it did not seem altogether fresh.
The $3.44 price is for the 12 pack of Coffee Masters The Twelve Coffees of Christmas. I just bought 8 of them for $27.52 and saved the free shipping too! Enjoy them. They are great!
merry Chistmas! Look at the product description,they are all listed. Got for my wife last December she loved every one of the flavors. I also did. ENJOY
I don't really remember it was last year. I do remember we enjoyed it though.
Mostly to serve Sushi. Some people cook on them (like salmon) but I don't. I've also crushed them for use like regular salt.
No this is strictly for displaying and serving....
Not sure but they work very well.
Yes absolutely glass they come also in plastic I have seen them but these are glass!
We ordered the 12.6 fl. oz glass decanter of Still Water, 24 Bottles per case.
I don't understand your question
Bottle with lid on is 8 3/4 inches tall. It's about 6 3/4 inches in diameter.
No
No, teeccino is brewed
I use Teeccino in a Cuisinart regular drip coffee maker, but I don't know why you couldn't use it in a Keurig machine. As long as you have the cups to put the grounds in. I've used Teeccino for 3 years and no longer have any desire to drink coffee.
To look at the coffee - pre-brewed - it is definitely a blend of a lot of different ingredients - so spooning out a tablespoon is the same mix. It does not appear to separate - and come well blended. My sweetheart - the coffee drinker - says it is a really good substitute in terms of flavor. It will not go through the single cup maker of one of my friends. He has an empty 1 cup serving container and when he puts the blend in that - it overflows.
A total of 150 popsicles. 15 bags of ten
3oz. It's 1.2" wide X 10" long X 3/8 " thick
Yes
My 11 year old loves them (in moderation).
Unfortunately, we are not capable of doing that
calories 45 sodium 25mg potassium 15mg sugars 11g
Yes, they contain Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 1, and Red 40.
i assume not. if you want organic:
I don't think so. It doesn't say.
The contaier says "USDA Organic" with an expiration date. Then there is a bar code label that says it contains shelled walnuts, halves and pieces new crop 1lb New. The origin of the walnuts is not stated.
Raw products have no added ingredients which is one reason why they are so desirable and healthy
About 2 cups 0r so :)
It would be hard to say whether or not these walnuts are processed in the vicinity of soy or wheat products unless there is some way to inspect and verify.
I am not a farmer I buy from farmers.
It lists sugar, fruit juices from concentrate, 52%, including 37% peach, 15% lemon; acidifying citric acid, flavourings, colourings; elderberry juice from concentrate, lutein (tagete extract). No preservatives. I hope that helps.
We usually use it for flavoring in tea. The longest we've had it in the fridge was around 4 months and it was as fresh tasting as the day we opened it.
A very slight tint
I use about a tablespoon or 2 for 32 oz, and the flavor is fairly strong
Yes...it worked well and it took very little time to get the right mix for me.
Yes it has sugar
I actually did an on-line search and could not find any website adversiting this product that offered a calorie count. Will check bottle when I get home tonight!
I keep it in the kitchen cupboard till opened. Then I keep it in the fridge.
I use 1 packet to 8 oz water and for me, that serves up a good cup of coffee.
One single serving makes approx. 8-12 ounces, perhaps more, depending on how mild or strong you prefer your coffee.
I do not know, but it would be the same as a 6 - 8 oz. cup of regular Folgers coffee I think. We do not notice a difference. It is so much easier than having a coffee machine on the counter, which a limited for me. There is Decaff too.
The bottom of each box is labeled with a "Best if used by" date. The box I am curently (June 2014) using has a best if used by date of March 2015.
Correct
We've been using these for over ten years. I guess one bag is good for about 8 ounces. Adding anymore water than that will make the coffee too weak.
I don't know - I don't have a Keurig, I make single servings in the microwave!
Yes. they are Thompson raisins. The raisins are packed for Newmans by National Raisin Company located in California. You can go to their website if you want to know more.
Neither sugar nor oil are on the ingredients list, and according to the company web site, "The dried fruit line is 100% organic and contains no sulfites."
Located on bottom of container.
The label states gluten, peanut and tree nut free. You could contact newmansownorganics.com and ask your question.
Regular
For a whole bottle of base: cut up 6-8 lbs of napa cabbage and/or bok choy in 1"-1" crosscuts only. I like to add 1-2 small bunches of green onions crosscut to "-". Soak in salt brine overnight at least, (1+ cup salt in enough water to cover with a plate to keep it all submerged). Pour out brine and rinse well once (or twice for a little less salt). Using a colander drain well. Pour in kimchee base and mix well (no diluting). Lightly press into large jars, getting most air out. Cap and refrigerate. Wait at least 2 days before eating. Will last months if it doesn't freeze in the back of your refrigerator.
My wife buys this all the time at the local asian markets, however you might want to try H-Mart Online. http://www.hmart.com/
No
Yes
Here is what the label says. Water salt garlic mandarin orange sugar glucose fructose syrup from corn L-glutamate vinegar red pepper apple. Pickled veggies. Bonito stock. Squid extract. Hydrolyzed soy protein. Dried bonito. Citric acid. Ginger. Tangle. Xanthan gum. Disodium succinate. Paprika color. Hope this helps
Raw honey has an indefinite shelf life. I've seen that fact listed in many sources, but here's one for your assurance: http://www.honey.com/faq/ Here's another source positing the same answer, and you may research the shelf life of any food product here: http://www.stilltasty.com/fooditems/index/17413
Plastic.
Sugar Land, TX, USA
The website says it is never heated above 110F so it sounds like it's not unpasteurized, but also not heated as high as regular (non-raw) honey which is I think around 145F.
Code 1. Countries are Mexico, Brazil and Uruguay
It is a Carmel like color
No, not at all. The one and only ingredient in this is organic raw honey. Personally, I think the reference just indicates the typical light "butterscotchy" taste that most true honey has.
Dear Customer, We clicked on the link Amazon sent with your complaint. We fail to see anywhere in the listing that it claims to be vegan. It does not state it in the title, the details, nor the product description. Perhaps Amazon sent the wrong link? While this product is listed by many sellers and on multiple listing for example one pack, two pack, etc. our company has never listed it as vegan. Our recommendation is to find the actual incorrect listing and notify Amazon themselves. It may be that Amazon has already made the correction, without seeing what you are referring to we can't be sure. Sincerely, HealthHelp
What I do is mix organic ground black pepper in a ratio of nine parts turmeric to one part pepper. I put the mixture in 000 capsules--something to do while watching TV:). I take two in the morning and two at supper. It is my understanding that the pepper contains a compound called piperine that makes the curcumin more bioavailable. This is what is missing from most of the curcumin/turmeric supplements on the market. I have no idea if your method would work, nor have I ever heard of it being done that way.
90 mg per tablespoon, so it should be about 30 mg's for a tsp.
Turmeric can be used in both hot or cold dishes and drinks, tastey and so good for you. If you should stain linens or clothes, immediately wash in cool water and soap. Sun dry and the stain will be pinkish, wash again and the stain will be gone. And I do eat a lot of Indian dishes, so speak from experience. Regarding stains on containers or counters , wash as suggested above and leave in the sun(on window sill, etc.)as turmeric is photosensitive. Rugs, well I'd use a sun lamp, causciously .
I think you are off base on this. Turmeric is ground from a root. It is not dissolved with any chemical.
I am not sure if it is or not. The container does not state whether it is.
It's turmeric powder
Right now we are having a special on single jar. Normal price is $18.99 for single jar
I'm not at home right now. I didn't use the bottle I received as the seal was broken when I opened the bottle. My account was credited. I probably don't have it anymore.
Indus Organics spices are packed in dedicated gluten and nut free facilities. Machines are dedicated to organic spices
I'm not sure what Golden Milk is but I have mixed it with Almond Milk before and it was decent.
This product is made from ginger roots with now free flowing agents or additives. It is 100% organic ginger.
If you are taking ginger as a nutritional supplement you will be better off with capsules... lots of choices available. If you are using powder for ginger tea or in cooking there is not real max/min... just apply to taste. For ginger tea I boil a small pan of filtered water, when the water is at a rolling boil then drop the heat to a simmer. Use 1/2-to 1 teaspoon full sprinkled in the water and let boil for about ten minutes. Be careful when you first put the ginger powder in the water as it will foam up quickly. If that happens remove the pan from the heat before it boils over. When it dies down you can replace on the hot burner but watch it. If you put another measure of ginger powder in the brew you will have the same foaming reaction until it starts to assimilate in the water. Ginger powder should only be used when raw organic ginger is not available. Raw ginger makes much better tea than the powder.
according to the adv on amazon 100% USDA Certified Organic by CCOF Salt free; no MSG; no fillers, no additives, no preservatives; non-irradiated, no ETO, processed in Allergan free plant Made from organic ginger roots that are grown in India, Packed in food grade BPA FREE PET material jar No GMO, no chemical pesticide, no checmical fertilizer, no sulphite Features sharp aroma and unique taste, grown in biodiverse environment using sustainable organic methods
One pound arrived here when I ordered it. Can't say why it's worded the way it is. One pound. You get one pound.
It's in a plastic jar.
My container was sealed the same way other spice brands are sealed (with cardboard and glue).
Label says only "Marketed and Distributed by Spicy World of USA 10421 SW Plaza Dr. Houston, TX 77074. Ph. 713 661 2972." Can get just as inexpensively at their website jivaorganicfoods dot com and they may have your answer there.
I transferred this to a glass, air tight container for long term storage, instead of leaving in the plastic "jar" it came in. So unfortunately, I don't have the container any longer. However, their website states that it's "native to Sri Lanka and Southern India". You may want to contact them directly for more information. Their website is indusorganics.com. I hope you find the information you're looking for. This true cinnamon is definitely worth the additional cost and then some. &#128077; &#128079;
It's plastic and says on the bottom: #1 PET which is supposedly safe - not BPA.
My container says July 2016, which was purchased this past November, 2013.
The label says 100% Certified Organic Ceylon Cinnamon (C. Zeylanicum) (It also has the USDA Certified Organic symbol)
The indgredients list is: Water, soybeans, rice, salt, ethyl alcohol. Soy bean paste is basically fermented, ground soybeans, preserved with salt. The rice is probably rice flour, to give the miso a paste consistency.
No mention of same on the package.
I stored it in refrigerator.
No. As specified in the description, it is a product of Japan.
It contains NO MSG.
Shirley, I do not have the package anymore to look at. I know it is not organic but i do not know if it is clearly vegan.
You are correct. There are 6 of the (pictured) bags and each bag has 10 little squares in it. Love them!!!!
put then in a fridge and they should last for years. Go ahead get them just keep cool so they don't melt.
I'm sorry. I ate them all and didn't count. Doesn't it say on yhe item description? They were so good.
12
This IS listed on the label ..."partially hydrogenated soybean and cottonseed oil..." I think these cookies are delicious and my wife treats her horses with them too!
Twelve cookie sandwiches.
Cute idea! Each of the 24 packs has 2 shortsbreadsads inside
Mine expired about 6 months after I received the shortbread. Obviously the shortbread was eaten in less than a month!
My most recently Amazon purchased box says: Best Before End Jul 2014
Each pack of two is 1.4 oz
Plaid wrapping. 2 in one and 12 packages in a box. You got me to double check and now I am eating them. lol
These come in two weights, 28.4g and 40g. The packages are identical in both weights, you have to read it. If world market sells a 24 pack of 2 40 gram cookies for less I would say buy them there. My wife bought some at a box store locally for about $12, but they were 28.4 gram cookies.
Almost all extracts contain alcohol. They do not put it in for their benefit, as it obviously costs more than water! The reason that almost all extracts use alcohol is that some flavors simply don't dissolve in water, so if you soak vanilla beans in just water, you are not getting some of the many flavor compounds out of the beans. Same with cooking, alcohol dissolves some flavors that water alone will not, so many recipes call for a little alcohol to 'carry' the flavors.
I have a definite preference for this brand. There is absolutely a difference in taste. Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla is the most common, as Madagascar produces most of the world's supply of vanilla. The "bourbon" in "Bourbon Vanilla" is not the name of the alcohol used to make it. Bourbon vanilla is the name for all vanilla grown in Madagascar and other islands in the Indian Ocean, including Comoros and Runion. Runion was formerly known as the le Bourbon, and it is the name of that island that gave Bourbon Vanilla its name. Bourbon vanilla beans come from the orchid V. planifolia. Bourbon vanilla beans have a high vanillin content and a very strong, clear and creamy vanilla flavor.
No, vanilla extract doesn't go bad -- it's got alcohol in it. It lasts like a bottle of whiskey would.
Baking with vanilla extract does not affect the flavor of the vanilla because the product being baked never comes to a boil. When cooking a product on top of the stove which requires boiling you must always add the vanilla AFTER the boiling is finished and you remove the pan from the stove. Vanilla FLAVOR (which does not actually contain vanilla) smells great due to chemical additives used in manufacturing the product.
I love this vanilla. It has a bite to it by itself, but when you add it to whatever you need, it gives an excellent flavor. I have started making my own vanilla because of cost, but this is the best you can buy for the money that I have found.
It is packaged in plastic.
I use both extract and paste for different items I am cooking. Both products have an amazing taste which in the final product taste similar to me. I've kept both products for up to 1-1/2 years with no discernible change in quality. I do store them in dark bottles in a dark cabinet away from heat and sunlight. I tend to use the paste only where I would normally use a vanilla bean, such as ice creams, puddings, custards, vanilla sugar (foods that I would like to see the actual vanilla bean seeds). I use the extract more in cookies, cakes, pancakes/waffles, hot chocolate, etc. If you can, get both. If you can only get one go for the extract.
Yes.
I think we just poured it into an old smaller vanilla bottle. It wasn't a good pouring bottle itself. You did get me thinking and I found these at the 4oz size that might fit the bill. http://www.amazon.com/Vestil-BTL-RC-4-Polyethylene-Dispensing-Removable/dp/B00B51367M/ref=sr_1_5?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1431707702&sr=1-5&keywords=dropper+bottle I made about 4qts of vanilla last year a bought these boston bottles to give away. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003FXH2LY/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
I just received a box in July of 2014 and the expiration date is June of 2015. I haven't ordered for over 2 years because I still have some left. The wafers in the older order is just now starting to get soft and the juice is dark. But for personal communion, I still use them.
When I receive my order from Amazon I check the shelf life. Thanks
I believe they are
3 to 6 months depending on the manufacturing date and what the manufacturer ships to the warehouse. We've had cartons turn up with as little as 8 weeks life on them. Because this is a perishable product, it is best stored in the refridgerator and we recommend that you plan on consuming the full product within 8 weeks. If you get a box with a longer use by date on it then treat it like you just won the lottery. But plan on getting at least 8 weeks life out of each box.
I'm not sure. I wasn't there when they made it. Either way, it tasted good.
It should be fine. I ordered 2 and used the second almost 6 months after the first and the cream was just as good.
We ship it cold with gel packs. And we mail all orders no later than Tuesday so your order will not sit in post office over weekend.
I bought several jars for a tea. Did not need more than a jar so had 2 left.We used one close to expiration date and the other a month later.All were delicious.We did have the 3rd jar go bad after refrigerating it over a week but that is to be expected.
No
I have not put it in the freezer but have had it in the fridge for up to two weeks and it tasted fine, after that it sours.
I order 8 at a time. I keep them in the frig. It will last as long as butter will last. I am waiting for my new order to come in but I do believe it has an expiration date of about six months to a year. I never have it for that long because my sister and I love it so much.
Hello Emma. Clotted Cream should be refrigerated all the time. And we will ship it with ice packs.
I think it says 7 days.
They are both delisous but have different labels ?
7 grams per 2 Tbsp serving. Does not taste overly sweet.
85
The ingredients list doesn't include any nut but peanuts, and there is no "may contain..." warning on the label. Nor is there one of those "processed on equipment that..." labels.
No stirring required.
Yes, no stir. Great taste. Unlike Nutella (hazelnut) much lower in sugar.
no stir ever. Just dip in your knife & you'll come up with perfect smooth peanut butter to enjoy.
This is from the label: Peanuts, evaporated cane juice, cocoa, cocoa butter, palm fruit oil, vanilla, lecithin (from sunflowers), salt. No trans fats, No cholesterol, No hydrogenated oil, No high fructose corn syrup. I hope this help. It is delicious.
I use it for making malts and it does not require extra sugars...just ice cream, milk, and the powder.
Maybe sort of. Google's tag says "Barry Farm Foods is an organic farm and cannery" but they don't seem to claim this on their website. They're a bit disingenuous about the ingredients, which are "extract of wheat flour and malt barley, whole milk solids, salt, sodium bicarbonate." Hmm. However, I suspect that this is as good as it's going to get for malted milk powder. You can try the plain malt, but it's underwhelming. Let us know if you find anything better!
NutritionFacts Serving size: 1/4 cup Amount per serving Calories 151 Calories from fat 7 % Daily Value * Total Fat 0.7g 1% Saturated Fat 0.2g 1% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 4mg 0% Total Carbohydrate 31.7g 11% Dietary Fiber 2.9g 12% Protein 4.2g Percent values are based on a 2,000 calorie per day diet. Your daily values may differ. Additional Information 4.6% of calories from Fat 84.2% from Carbohydrates 11.2% from Protein
Mine says extract of wheat flour and malt barley, whole milk solids, salt, sodium bicarbonate.
No idea, but it tastes good.
We carry a Barley Malt Powder with the ingredients as: Barley malt flour. However, this product is different from the Malted Milk Powder. And is normally used in baking. You can find information about these products on our website.
YES, I just started using my own starter from my previous batch of yogurt. The previous batch was made with a starter packets, two (2) packets of 5g of yogurt starter, making two (2) quarts. My new batch I used 3-4 Tablespoons of previous batch, which is probably way too much. It did come out wonderful, a little thick, just add some milk if it is too thick. I have read and you only really need "...2-3 teaspoons of commercial or homemade yogurt..." I just get carried away. I make at least two (2) batches a week, so yummy--add raspberries for a topping. I use 2 bags of frozen raspberries place in a pot, adding some water, maybe a 1/2 cup and add about 1/2 cup of sugar.
1 gram of sugar per 1/4 pouch starter, or 4 g per pouch, which makes 5 to 6 cups yogurt. That's a drop in the bucket (or container) compared to the natural lactose (milk sugar) in yogurt (12g per 6 oz plain unsweetened yogurt; about 7g for Greek yogurt). But way less than the added sugars in most commercial sweetened yogurts (which can go upwards of 30g total sugars). I've been a diabetes nutrition specialist for 25 years. People with diabetes don't need to treat sugars (naturally occurring or added) as poison; there's no way you can completely eliminate them and that's not even desirable. The point of dietary management of diabetes is to keep carbohydrates (sugars and starches) to a reasonable level that's spread throughout the day, and balance it with the insulin still naturally produced in one's pancreas or the insulin injected from the outside. Yogurt is a great way to get probiotics and calcium; let your husband enjoy it!
I have not tried it - but my vegetarian daughter says you can use it successfully on Almond Milk.
The description is deceiving. The 1 oz box contains three 10g packs. Each pack is divided into two 5g half packs. Each half pack makes 1 quart of yogurt.
This is the product recommended in the book, "Breaking the viscous cycle" she claims after a 24 hour ferment there is 700 billion cu's per cup. Pretty sure it just depends on how long you "cook" it. I do 24 hours.
Lyo-San Inc. 500 Aeroparc, C.P. 598, Lachute, Qc, Canada, J8H 4G4
Have used this product for many years. When bought locally it was and still is always on the co-op shelf, not refrigerated as stated on the box. Once I began ordering it through Amazon mine too travels long distances by who knows what means --- air, truck, postal delivery car? Never has a batch failed so I'd say no to "certain temperature".
When I was diagnosed with SIBO I was told it had to run for 24 hours in order for me to be able to eat it. At that point it only has trace amounts of lactose.
Nope, just packets of powdered starter
We never tried coconut water. We always use whole milk and follow the instruction of the yogurt starter and the yogurt machine. Reduce fat milk will make the yogurt not as firm. I hope this helps!
All German coffee is ground fine.
Yes, that is correct.
No in the Kronung Coffee the decaffeinated is in the red bag - this was confusing for us at the beginning but trust me - you will love this coffee! My husband and I were given our first bag of Kronung by our son in law who is military and has traveled all over the world, he said this was the best coffee he had ever had and we so agree, that was 5 years ago and we have become very spoiled! Hope this helps and enjoy!
Yes the products website says it is free of all those things
This product does not contain sodium.
NO - you have to use at least twice as much of the Ener-G Baking soda. Remember it is Calcium Carbonate mostly and some Magnesium Carbonate and not Sodium Bicarbonate that you are using. (This makes it less reactive in your recipes). There is so little sodium in it that it doesn't matter. Regular Baking soda has 150 mg of sodium per 1/8 teaspoon and this stuff says it has zero. I find sometimes I have to use a little more than twice as much to work as well. I also use the Baking Powder made by this company and have to use twice as much.
6months
60% DV
The label lists only two ingredients: calcium carbonate and magnesium carbonate. It does not say anything about aluminum; however, there is no mention of "inert ingredients" or any other substance in the product.
The label lists only calcium carbonate and magnesium carbonate as ingredients, and the "Nutrition Facts" part of the label says 0 mg potassium (as well as 0 mg sodium).
I don't know if this will work on soda substitute, but for regular soda you would it by putting a few drops of vinegar or lemon juice onto a little amount (1/4 teaspoon) of baking soda. The baking soda should bubble vigorously. You could try that. If you do bake with it make sure you use at least double the amount called for in your recipe.
In the cappuccino there are 8 milk capsules and 8 espresso capsules per box. So in a pack of three boxes there are a total of 48 capsules but that comes out to 24 cappuccino's.
Yes also available in decaf
Not at all . Heats up immediately& brews quicker than the average 1 cup maker.
I love this Cappuccino. The foam is contained in part one of the process. The milk comes out of the Dolce Gusto full of air (whipped). the second container the coffee is infused into the whipped milk. don't stir the mixture just sip. If you really like the foamy part of the cappuccino mixture try Nescafe Cafe Menu Cappuccino. this is a product available on Amazon.com shipped from the UK. I have not found it anywhere in the USA. But it is great although a little sweet as it contains sugar which the Dolce Gusto Cappuccino does not.
Honestly I have never tried, but I just compared the K-cups to these capsules and they are shaped different. So it will not fit. I don't know what shape the Peet's capsules are. But these Dolce Gusto capsules are curved at the bottom. Hope this helps.
Really makes a great cappuccino with very little effort. There are 8 cups per box as this is a two part beverage (one milk pod and one espresso pod). I am able to purchase them locally at a few markets. Approximately $1.24 per serving when I purchase locally for $9.99 per box.
There is an Espresso Set with 30 Capsules and 5 Different Espresso.
Yes they have a date on each box as I recall. Mine never lasted long enough to worry about date I enjoyed them so much.
We had a Keurig previously then went to the Bosch Tassimo, and then discovered the Nescafe' while in Europe this summer. We think the Nescafe' Dolce Gusto coffees, cappuccino,and latte macchiato beats both our previous coffee makers in taste by far. Great coffee!! Enjoy!!
No you can't
Found this list at http://www.glutenfreepalace.com/Gluten-Free-Snack-Pack-Pretzels-p/g940.htm Ingredients: Corn starch, potato starch, palm oil, sugar, sea salt, carboxymethyl cellulose, soy lecithin, sodium bicarbonate, yeast, sodium phosphate, citric acid, sodium hydroxide.
Serving Size 33 pretzels (30 grams) for sticks, 120 calories per serving. Calories from fat 30. They don't have this info on Glutino's web page but vitacost does at http://www.vitacost.com/glutino-gluten-free-pretzel-sticks-family-size
According to the 400 g (14.1 oz.) package there is 3.5 g of Total Fat per serving (30 g or approx. 24 pretzels) composed of 1.5 g Saturated Fat with no Trans Fat. 120 calories per serving with 30 calories from fat.
NO
Dude...they are cheese balls...you don't eat them if your looking to watch your weight / health.
We served at our Bible school in like 4 oz. cups i think their were around 40 to 50 servings this way.maybe a little more I was not one of the servers all week one one night I also kept one for us at home which i bought 2 of them they got stale before we could eat all of them had to throw about half a container out .
Sorry, can't help as I bought as a last minute gift to a friend who loves cheese balls. I had it sent directly to my friend. I have seen them much cheaper at local stores. But for a friend that lives out of state I didn't mind.
white chocolate, milk, dark, extra dark, vanilla The 50 count bag is the best value 50 for $13.89 Savor one a day with your coffee. That's my favorite anyway.
Nope
If you keep then at normal room temperature, they will not melt
Olive juice, water, salt, vinegar and sodium bisuifide is the listed ingredients
Think it says so on bottle. But product not the best for Martina's. 1888 is the best!
Only one :-/
445
Hi, This is Gary at GOURMET by Click!. I have not seen the 25oz bottle in person and it has not been made available to me. I am sorry that I do not have a better answer for you. It is an awesome product and we appreciate your business. Thanks again, Gary
Per 2 tbsp serving: 70 cal, .46 g fat, 0 saturated fat, 560 mg sodium, 17 g carbs
Yes--this has a sweet taste----it is a sweet/sour dressing----really really good--great with fruit or chicken on a salad...Hope this helps!
I find this dressing is overpriced on Amazon. I can purchase it at King Soopers (Kroger)!for 4.79 a bottle. At that price it is well worth it and delicious.
I recall one bottle being less than $5.00. The high price you quoted is because of shipping. Looks like buying 3 bottles may get it shipped for a more efficient shipping cost. This is a heavy product.
one kilo 2.2 pounds.
1 kg
The bag indicates that you should use 8 cups of broth for 4 cups of rice. So the ratio of liquid to dry ingredients is two to one. Note that most recipes include 14-28 ounces of canned tomato...
There is no plastic in these cans. They are straight metal with no lining. So any contaminant from plastic will be absent.
Yes, this product is still free of guar gum. It only contains organic coconut extract and water. Not at all sweet. There are 12 grams of sugar in the entire can, but it's naturally occurring and doesn't make it taste sweet.
Yes, it will. Just take the cream off the top of 2 cans of coconut milk once they're cold. Keep the coconut water for smoothies or to drink. Whip the coconut cream til it's like whipped cream. That's it!
Yes, it works great with coffee and protein shakes and cocoa.
Good question, but you'll probably have to contact the manufacturer to find out. I can't imagine they would go to all the other trouble to keep it pure (like BPA free lining) and then add contaminated tap water. But assumptions are what get us into trouble.
I buy this brand because the only ingredient is coconut. There are no "fraken-foods" ingredients such as guar gums, carragean, etc. In addition, the cans are bpa free. Organic means no pesticides. If you have non organic without artifical ingredients you should be in pretty good shape.
i totally gave you the wrong answer. I thought this was Native Forest Coconut Milk. No idea if this is Kosher, I gave it away after buying it. I didn't like it. Sticking with my Native Forest. Sorry for the bad info.
I have bought two cases in the last few months and was VERY disappointed in it. It was watery and no matter how long I refrigerated it, the coconut cream/fat would not separate from the water liquid. I tried blending it, too, and that just made it even worse. I wouldn't recommend it for yogurt. I would try Thai Kitchen or Native Forest brands.
I agree. Thai Kitchen or Native Forest are better choices (although Thai Kitchen isn't a 'healthy' brand per se). I buy Whole Foods brand (organic) by the case from one of their local stores. Much cheaper and better than Natural Value.
This brand has no fillers, no guar gum, no bpa in the can lining etc. It is the best coconut milk on the market. It's an extract because you're not getting the coconut meat but the milk.
GMO stands for genetically modified organism. They are plants and animals created through the gene splicing techniques of biotechnology. This experimental technology is considered not safe in most developed countries. Research is finding more and more critical concerns over GMO's affect on our environment and especially in organisms consuming them. Unfortunately, the USA approves them based on studies done by the very companies who profit from the production and sales of GMOs. A good place to get started learning more about GMOs is nongmoproject(dot)org.
I haven't made arepas, but this masa makes wonderful, flavorful corn tortillas. It's my understanding that it can also be used to make papusas and arepas.
I made the BEST homemade tacos with this on a camping trip. Their texture is such that I'm sure they would make terrific tamales or enchiladas. I used a tortilla press/ 1 1/2 cups masa to 1 cup hot water and kneaded like a dough until it was smooth and fairly elastic. Having tried other masas, this one has a nutty, full flavor to it. Other brands are rather tasteless in my opinion. Try it! I don't think I'll ever buy another brand.
Unfortunately they can't claim non-gmo because the risk of seed contamination from someone else's fields (cross winds or something). I called them and was told they do not use GMO seeds or any gmo ingredients. It isn't enough for me, which is why I don't buy this anymore.
I'm not sure.. My understanding is that they use non-GMO seed, but can't guarantee that other seed particles may not contaminate their crop from wind transference, etc. However, since it's so vague, I feel wary about the quality and have decided not to purchase it again. I would absolutely change my mind if they could label it as "organic and GMO free."
I think one of them offers Amazon Prime free shipping and one does not.
Terri, I was wondering this myself before purchasing. This is the answer they give on their website regarding GMOs. Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment.
Yes, but you got to make the masa extra soft because the golden masa harina has a tendency to get a bit tough when cooked.
I stir it with a knife to the bottom and get it nice and creamy when I use it the first time - then store it in the refrigerator. No more stirring is needed.
The yellow top is all natural and is thinner. The red top has sugar and is thicker more like peanut butter. I like the texture of the red and the taste of the yellow. We eat both interchangably. The taste is not that different. The yellow top probably tastes a little better if you dont mind the texture.
The sodium content is 120 mg, 5 %.
Sept. 2015. The items I get from Amazon usually have an excellent sell-by date.
I do not know. You may have to check the product website. All I know is it is good!
March 2014
i suppose for a short while, but of course you need to refrig before serving!
It is not compatible. It is vented at the top and has a pull out spout at the bottom.
2 kegs and both are the same size--this is excellent rootbeer and our boy scout group loved it.
There is a pressure release valve on the top that allows the liquid to come out of the tap at the bottom. You might be able to remove that and reuse it, but I'm not sure that it would work.
About 1'6" feet tall and maybe 8" wide if I remember correctly.
I stored one in the fridge for a couple of months and it was fine. It didn't appear to be refillable to me.
It is resealable, although it will go flat fairly quickly if there is a lot of air space.
9.75" just measured the one at my desk.
No it has a vent you open in the top, And a little plastic tap that you turn to open and close built in. It works pretty well.
http://bpafreecannedfood.wordpress.com/bpa-free-canned-food-brands/ Native Forest (Edward & Sons) Updated on April 10, 2012 I've heard all of Native Forest Brand`s canned foods are BPA free. I guess they (all bloggers out there) meant most of them are BPA Free! Anyway, thank you, Native Forest for listing all your BPA free products for me! "Thank you for contacting Edward & Sons Trading Company with your question about BPA and metal cans. Please know that food safety is as important to us as it is to you and your family. Metal food and beverage cans have a thin coating on the interior of the can surface, which protects from corrosion of the can and contamination of contents by dissolved metals (UK FSA, 2002). Our research indicates that BPA is currently present in most linings of tin cans, jar lids, and other types of packaging. Some consumers fear that BPA injestion may disrupt normal hormone functions and FDA has specified a very low level of permissible BPA migration. Please be assured that only reputable packaging manufacturers who comply with all government standards supply our cans. However, some customers have told us that government standards are not sufficient to calm their fears. For an informative and unbiased review of the issue, please see: http://stats.org/stories/2008/why_journ_failing_plastics_may6_08.html We at Edward & Sons are mindful of customer concerns and continually work to advance packaging improvements. We direct our packing facilities to select cans with no detectable levels of BPA. While some packaging suppliers offer what they describe as BPA-free cans, we perform independent tests to validate their claims. As of 12/31/2011, all of our can linings have been tested by a licensed, domestic third party laboratory for Bisphenol A (BPA) using a High-Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) method. The following cans showed "no BPA detected" when tested via HPLC Method. The limit of detection (LOD) for BPA with this analysis is 0.2 parts per million (ppm). Organic Coconut Milk (Classic and Light) Organic Pineapple (all varieties) Organic Tropical Fruits (Mango, Papaya Chunks and Tropical Fruit Salad) Organic Mandarin Oranges Organic Peaches Organic Asian Pears Organic Mangosteen Organic Rambutan Organic Peach & Apricot Medley Organic Grapefruit Segments Organic Bamboo Shoots Organic Baby Corn Green Asparagus Cuts & Tips Organic Hearts of Palm Natural Artichoke Hearts The list above is derived from independent BPA testing of cans selected at random from our inventory. We are reporting accurate and specific test results and do not make any additional warrants or claims, except our pledge that all products comply with applicable FDA regulations. Packaging evaluation and improvement is a work in progress and we sincerely appreciate your patience and support.
I've seen this a few times. I believe it's because they do not add any sodium nitrite, which is used in many prepared and frozen foods to keep them from darkening. The cheap brands of coconut milk in Asian stores DO contain sodium nitrite. I used to buy them, but got headaches from it. I am a faithful and loyal Native Forest user now.
I ordered this recently and didn't separate at all. I was looking for another brand to try tonight and noticed that the nutritional value on my can is different than the label in the picture! My product is only100 calories and 10g fat per 1/4 serving. No wonder it didn't separate!
Thailand
25mg (reported on the label)
So far, none of our shipments have had any dented cans.
No. Not the same
About a week. Stir before each use.
I spoon into to coffee straight. Even the thicker part is (if not well shaken when warm) is delicious in coffee or hot chocolate. For even a better cup of coffee, I take the hand held blender and whip it together. It makes a nice frothy top. Then if you are still adventurous, I would add a bit of cocoa (unsweetened) and blend that in for a mocha. Yummy
If you really want to improve your memory, you should be taking VCO (virgin coconut oil. Here's the one I use: http://goo.gl/IzFDEG . I like it because it's organic and it's high quality. There's a doctor that used it for her husband who had Alzheimer's and her husband had a profound improvement in a short period of time just by taking it regularly. Consistency is the key. You can also read this book that features in detail the many health benefits of VCO: http://goo.gl/sxQi3Q . I hope this helps.
this is from Mother Jones: Valley Fresh White Chicken in Water Organic 0.19 Less than Limit http://www.motherjones.com/environment/2010/08/bpa-in-canned-foods
260 mg per serving; 2.5 servings per can.
Yes. That is the information I have read to date
Almost 3 years. I ordered Dec 1, 2014 and the Best By date is Sept 2017.
It appears gluten free. Ingredients are "organic chicken breast meat with rib meat, water, sea salt". Can also says "Raised with no antibiotics, no artificial ingredients, fed 100% organic grain, 98% fat free, no preservatives, made with sea salt". We are very happy with this product. The 'best buy' date on our case is Sept 2016. Hope this helped.
Yes, they are.
According to ingredients on the can, organic evaporated cane juice. They do make a product with artificial sweetener but I don't like the taste nearly as well (much sweeter).
Yes. It took me a while to find it on their site. They don't seem proud of it. I'll have to rethink my choice of beverage.
40. Two servings per can.
You need a can opener.
Don't think so
The can says it has 2 servings and the protein amount per serving is 10g, so 20g per can.
The product I bought was tuna in water. They also pack it in oil for those who want oil. Each is labeled plainly. If you're concerned about the veracity of their labels, don't be.
This is packed in Water, not in oil. I hope this was helpful.
I Don.t Know Where It Is Caught.I Hope It's Caught Around The USA
I have these and they are the same as I have always gotten. They are wonderful. I have never had a problem with Lacey's or Amazon. If you look on the bottom, there is freshness date. If you have never had these before, they have a different taste because of the almond on the chocolate. We will always buy these cookies. They are hard to come by and pretty soon you will not be able to get them because of the warm weather. I know as I tried, I was happy to be able to get them from Amazon.
Yes. But they need to be frozen in bags with a thin layer of saran or was over each layer. Don't put more than two layers in a bag and then gently put the bags in a plastic container. This is so you can take out what you want to eat each time without opening the whole thing each time. These are marvelous cookies but they are fragile. That is why it is important to put just a few in each baggie using the wax paper to layer in between each one. Hope this helps.
Sorry I dont but if you zoom in on the picture on Amazon you should be able to see the ingredients and from what I remember there's not much in them. Just Dark Chocolate, nuts etc. or google the question I'm sure you can get a quick answer. Their also sold at Bed Bath & beyond and I've even seen them at Ross stores. Their so DELICIOUS! Goodluck
I think they would be OK if they are airtight. Mine have been fine on the shelf as long as they are unopened, so I haven't frozen them. They get sticky if left exposed to the air.
The shipping charge varies based on quantity, for example one box will cost about $60 in shipping for Expedited mail and Between $35-40 for standard shipping. Of course the set price will be based on the location in England you are in. Feel free to contact us at suzybnf@gmail.com for any further questions
Lacey' makes almond dark chocolate, macadamia milk chocolate and coconut dark chocolate. Don't have a box on hand right one to check ingredients, but from memory, primarily nuts, chocolate, sugar. I try not to look at the calories. They are very rich. Well worth the calories. I've been trying hard not to buy my usual 4 boxes but thinking how delicious they are, I'm off to the store tomorrow morning. Enjoy.
no idea. but don't order them online! I tried twice and they get all smashed up! Costco sells them from time to time.
I have used this as a replacement for the ball freezer jam. Not sure if that helps. It works well yet is not as simple as the Ball. The bonus is there is no preservative.
It has a little packet that you mix with water to make the calcium water.
From my experience, and what I've read online, it's shelf life is indefinite as long as you don't get it wet.
Nelly, it's made with pure citrus pectin and is activated by the calcium powder. I love it because you use very little sugar or sweetener to make your jams and jellies. You taste the fruit not a lot of sugar. This is a great product. Hope this helps. Anita
There are no recipes for ice cream or sorbets on the directions in the package. you can make freezer jam, but you must add the pectin to boiling water and dissolve completely in a blender or food processor before adding to fruit. It might work for sorbet therefore, or for ice creams that are based on a cooked custard. You might try instant clear jel instead as it doesn't require heat to thicken. I haven't tried it myself, so I can't guarantee results. If it works please let us know-great idea!
Yes this is vegan! It is a great to try!
Yes, Joye. On the directions page it says: "Kosher manufactured. Vegan. Gluten-free". I really love using it. This was the first year I switched from SURE-JELL LIGHT. I use a fraction of the sugar now. All 170 jars of jam were made with POMONA's PECTIN last summer.
We can we just have never had a customer want to. I am not sure what the shipping costs would be or even how to figure them without an address so I could get you an estimate for that. Thank you Juicers and Juicing
The dealer who is selling for $1.93 on Amazon is charging $4.99 shipping. So, it looks like a better deal but it might not be. If you were buying 6 of them at $6.92 that would be $41.52. It does cost more to ship 6 separately than together most times, so we can give a break on selling quantities, and that is why buying 6 together you can actually save almost $4 by buying the larger quantity. You have to look at the shipping costs also in order to see if you are getting a better deal or not. Sellers are really not trying to rip off customers. They are usually trying to give you the convenience of in home shopping and make a little income also. Personally, with the price of transportation right now, I would much rather put my gas money into paying someone to deliver it to my door rather than go from store to store to store, trying to find what I want.
Liquid Pectin uses sugar - and a LOT of it - as the active ingredient for creating a jell consistency. Pomona uses Calcium. I have not tried converting it from a chemical standpoint to any older recipes, but have created new recipes by bridging the gap between an older recipe that I really like the flavor of so that the important elements are echoed in the Pomona jam. I got the pomona book, and just started using their recipes as a jumping off point. I like that their stuff does take a lot less sugar, so that I get more of the actual fruit flavor. Hubs is diabetic, so he's happy that he can afford to eat jam a bit now, too. Get a box of the pectin and there is a general guideline sheet inside that may help you do an acceptable conversion for your recipe. I will say that recipes I have which call for liquid pectin can take up to 3 weeks to actually set, but with Pomona you pretty much know within an hour. I've never had a failure, and I'm gearing up for Christmas now, with more than 14 cases done this year alone.
It is clear with no dyes. I have to mark it so it doesn't get used to make coffee. I think it does gave artificial flavors. I make it with 1 teaspoon of pure stevia so it's naturally sweet with 0 calories.
It is colorless, so I would say there is not dye in it.
I have called them on this and they said they didn't have enough sales so they discontinued the packets and the containers that were pre-mixed. I was not happy.
I've used Fabreeze and Zero Odor and I will always vote on Zero odor working better. There really isn't a scent that it leaves behind, it just knocks odors out. I've used it in trash cans and diaper pales for years. I've used it in litter boxes and other areas where my cats would lay down regularly. It really breaks down the odor molecules. I left you a long message on your other question about what to do about sour laundry/mildew odor. I've used this around the bottom of the toilets in my home after cleaning to eliminate urine odors. I have 2 boys and if you have boys, then you know the toilet needs constant attention. It eliminates the urine odor quickly. I've used it on the spinning brush under my vacuum cleaner and steam vac as well. I've used the 4oz, 8oz and 16oz over the years and I've been happy with this product. I wish Bed Bath and Beyond still sold it in my area, but I buy it on Amazon now.
Yes
i really do not know but i should think so. try i on an underneath part or someplace where no one would notice.
I am not sure. Definitely worth a try. Don't remember how much a small bottle costs but it might be worth it. If you do purchase the product, be sure to follow directions. (Wrapping in plastic)
I'm not definite about cigarette smoke (I've never tried it), but i DO know it got disgusting fish oil supplement smell instantly out of my clothes as well as my friend's dog bed odor and her son's foot smell out of the room :-)....so.... I guess your chances are good!!!
I'd say about 7 inches in length and about 5 inches wide....it's a nice size for decorating!! I was able to use both small and medium sized candies...good luck & have fun!!
The package came properly secured. The house was together as shipped.
don't know. I used mine right away but they appeared to be wrapped up tightly and everything sealed.
what is included in the kit?
Yes.
I have purchased two jars so far on two separate occasions and both had air tight seals of the older type (IMHO) which has the paper over foil like the old jars of instant coffee once had. As long as the seals aren't broken and the lids are on tight, you should be able to store them for quite awhile. I wouldn't feel a need to repackage them if I wanted to store them for future use.
Salt, sugar,corn starch,mono sodium,glutamate, beef fat,hydrolyzed corn protein, powered cooked chicken, yeast extract (barley) chicken fat, natural flavor, maltodextrin, silicon dioxide (prevents caking) dehydrated parsley, disodium inordinate, citruc acid, yellow 5, yellow 6, annatto(color)
It is a dry powder which keeps well. I have used it for years and think it is very good. It gives a nice chicken flavor to soups or beans or whatever you would use chicken broth for.
There are 250 teaspoons, which makes 250 cups of bouillon. The size is industrial size. If you don't make soups or foods that need stock of some sort on a regular basis (like, every day), then you don't need something this size. It is huge.
serving size 1 tsp Sodium content 870 mg
I would say "no" since it doesn't indicate it on the jar. In looking up "gluten free" it states under "no" barley prevents it from being gluten free (Barley and malt, which is usually made from barley, malt syrup, malt extract, malt flavoring and malt vinegar.). The jar shows "yeast extract (barley)" under ingredients. Also, the jar shows "maltodextrin" which could fall under (1) malt and (2) Dextrin, (can be made from wheat) This is the best I can do.
It has been awhile since I purchased this. This is a large container. Not sure how many "cups" of powder, but it's generally measured out in teaspoons or tablespoons because it is concentrated. It will last a long time.
I Use A Teaspoon To Every Cup.. But Start Smaller For Less Flavor.. ..U Can Always Add More For More Flavor.. A Must iItem 4 Every Cook.
I ordered one last year and it was stolen From my porch. Please think of me when you taste it's yummy goodness.
Yes
SOME people in my family would eat the whole 454 g in one sitting! However, the package says that it serves 4.
Yes, it can be heated in the microwave but remove the wrapping and container and place it on a microwaveable plate.
We ship out the day after the order is placed however it depends where you live the east coast is 2 business days and the west coast is 5 business days after shipping
According to their website it contains Almonds. They do however do an alcohol free/nut free Christmas pudding. I don't know if it would be available in the States. You could try their website
Can't be definite, but it tends to be standard practice over here in England, their website has precise details of all their products.
They do not heat seal, I actually use a small stapler on them. They are meant to be filled and the top flap hung over side of cup while the rest is in the water. They are about 2.5" x 5" unsealed. When you fold and close about 2.5" x 3"
100
Because the sleeve extends on one side, it is possible to turn that longer side down and tuck it into the sack, creating a closed envelope of tea.
Yes, there are 3 boxes with 16 pods each. Most of the "regular" Baronet flavors come 18 to a box, so this is more expensive per serving. I think it's worth it.
Yes, each is individually foil wrapped.
I don't know. However, if the Melitta machine uses the round paper pods, I think you're ok because the pods are fairly standard. I do know that the Baronet coffee pods are the round paper kind. Good luck.
From the manufacturer's website: Bundaberg Brewed Drinks :: Brewing Bundaberg Ginger Beer :: Ingredients Carbonated water, cane sugar, ginger root, natural flavours, acid (citric acid), yeast, preservatives (202, 211), antioxidant (ascorbic acid).
4 wonderful bottles!
Thank you for the question mate. Ginger Ale and Ginger Beer are very different. Bundaberg Ginger Beer has a delicious and crisp taste. It even has little pieces of ginger in it. It definitely has a Kangaroo Kick. :) APCTeam
I don't think so from my knowledge all beer has some alcohol at least 2 %
The main cost is shipping.
Not sure, they look likes the ones you buy in a jar at the grocery store. All gone, so no longer have the box.
Not individually wrapped when I bought them, two years ago, but the package was sealed up in celophane well.
When I ordered: I purchased the one that was "without sugar crust" and it arrived as Dark Chocolate. (I LOVE Dark Chocolate.)
The 7.1oz box had 16 chocolates in it (does not stay that way long), there is a 3.5oz "small" box that has 8 chocolates in it. There is also a counter display available with 50 chocolates. These are my girlfriends favorite cherries so I have bought all combinations.
Hello Cara, This product does not include a scoop however the serving size on the label is three tablespoons.
Any questions about products, I always contact the manufacture's customer service for info.and to insure accuracy.
Hi. I bought them on 4/21/13 & they say guaranteed fresh until 10/22.
150 calories. and i checked, the serving size does say only 1 serving per 1 oz bag. (i know some can be sneaky like that)
No. The expiration date was the next month from the date I received it. I ate everything fast before the expiration date. The Cheetos were not fresh.
Amanda , I actually didn't a e the bags as I sent them to a friend as a gift. I'm 99% sure that they are just the snack size bags. Hope this helps.
its a very large, odd sized box?
Susan: if i remember correctly, ther were about 10-12 brownies in the half gallon bucket. Plenty for a family. Susan, do not order too far in advance since they get stale pretty quickly. Plan to use shortly after purchase. hope this is helpful, Lee Jensen
I wish I could answer that question for you. It was a gift, but I did not get any complaints from the couple and they are hefty eaters (LOL). So I shall assume the amount was sufficient. :)
Ask all your brownie- stew Leonard questions to stew Leonard customer service- google the number and call them
Only on the top.
60
@angel_boy, I believe it's a pond. It was definitely worth the price. I ordered more than once.
I don't remember the the exact dimension of the brownies but I remember that they were individually wrapped and about the size of little Debbie brownies.
why would you throw them out rather than return them???... amazon guarantees you get what you pay for..and fishy cachews are not acceptable. I bought the cashew pieces to eat raw and they are very good..in smell and taste.
All nuts have oil. Oil gets rancid so I freeze all nuts in airtight containers and only put out a few ounces to be stored in fridge. This way, you won't even need to be concerned with shelf life or expiration dates as nuts, especially if they're vacuum-packed, will stay fresh in the freezer indefinitely. But to specifically answer your question, I would say shelf life of unopened nuts could be anywhere from 1 month to 6 months, depending on how fresh they were when packaged and what temperature room they were stored.
I thought they were but how do we really know?
Yes. They have a funky smell.
Yes
Yes, they are. That way you can use them for sauces for spaghetti or vegetarian dishes. Recipes are found at www.drmcdougall.com
I Don't think so, but not sure.
They are 100% pure cashews...no additives
Nope-the nuts that I received were raw and unsalted. Hope this helps!
i would ask the manufacturer of the nuts. most places I'm sure keep the nuts in different machines but you don't want to take any chances with a peanut allergy.
These do taste the same as Royal Dansk. I've had both and I can't tell the difference.
. . . on the two blue tins there is a snowman holding a wreath on the lid and on the red tins, a snowflake on top. On the sides of both are snowflakes and snowmen repeated. Hope this helps . . .
the big tin is 101/2 inches round. I hope that helps
I grind it up with a mortar and add it after i pour my tea in a cup.
probably not...this wonderful rock sugar softly compliments the delicate flavors of tea. coffee, good coffee, is so complex in flavor that the gentle sweetness is overpowered. it could be used but why waste it?
No, I asked a salesperson and it is still German and made of beets.
I agree completely with K.P. but because I only use mine for company it lasts a very long time. As long as it is stored air tight you'll have no problem! Enjoy!
The sweetness more subtle. I use less of Rock Sugar than I do of Sugar in the Raw when sweetening a beverage.
Some pieces are brown, some are golden. It is brown by color, not by taste. It is not cane sugar soaked in nasty molasses syrup. No offense to anyone, but I personally hate that type of "brown sugar". This one is beet sugar. I like it and will be buying more.
I vacuum pack mine in small portions and buy it by 5lbs... Sugar keeps forever so long as it remains dry, however, humid conditions will turn it into a brick. PS: love this sugar in my tea.
same is the regular one ;)
That's not good! I will weigh my sugar and see what the actual weight is. Would ask the manufacturer...
Your best bet is to google for the information which is what I did. Teavana does not have it on their website.
Mine is not big either. It's a little more than half the pan. And it's not a "fluffy" kind of bread, that's why I use it for toasts. It's small but tasty ;) They make a note about the ratio of water depending the altitude where you live, but I don't know if that would make a difference on the size of the loaf.
I'm not sure what the actual glycemic index is but the mix includes natural evaporated cane juice, inulin, molasses and honey. Hope that helps. You can email the manufacturer info@pamelasproducts.com to get a clear answer.
It might be difficult with a hand mixer, but I assume it would work if it had a strong motor! This dough is very soft-- not dense and stringy like wheat dough. Doubt quote me on that, though :)
Sorghum Flour, Tapioca Flour, Sweet Rice Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Organic Natural Evaporated Cane Sugar, Inulin, White Rice Flour, Millet Flour, Honey and Molasses; Rice Bran, Sea Salt, Xanthan Gum. You have to add your own yeast . . .
If the bread won't be eaten right away I freeze it.
My wife says she gets about 5 loaves using her breadmaker.
Carbs: 28 grams Protein: 1 gram
I do not make bread loaves from it. I make pizza crust. By adding Italian seasonings it makes great pizza crusts
5.0
I'm sorry Philip, I read the bag wrong. it makes 3.5 loves. It is very good bread Jo-Anne
Katie, if there was any alcohol it was not enough to notice. The taste of the cake and not all fruit was why I purchase this item. If you enjoy the cake taste with complements of nuts/ fruit, the this is the fruit cake for you .... ENJOY w/a cup of coffee or tea. James
The cake does contain eggs.
I don't think so.
Iodine from kelp, dicalcium phosphate, vegetable cellulose, vegetable stearic acid, silica vegetable magnesium stearate. No gluten, yeast, wheat, milk, milk derivatives, lactose, soy, egg, corn, grapefruit, fish, sweetener, sugar, starch, preservatives, artificial color, or sodium.
I have no idea and yes, certain kelp that is collected can have traces of arsenic. I'm taking my chances, I admit it. Supposedly Norwegian Sea kelp is the best.
Typical aspirin size. Not too big.
I have no idea
This will not raise your red blood cell count. I too suffer from anemia and my red blood cell count was critically low at 6. I started drinking organic unsulphured black strap molasses and it brought my RBC back up slowly along with eating lots of romaine and reducing my dairy / calcium intake. I juiced romaine leafs and drank the juice
No I don't think so.
Savia and OkF are both aloe Vera drink, Savia has lower sugar, lower calories than OKF. They both have the same amount of Aloe Vera pulp.
I don't know, I've never ordered it. However, once you've selected this item for pricing, if you roll your cursor (from your mouse) over the views at the left of the screen, you can read the ingredients on the back of the bottle.
Not 'vulgar greed'----different vendors catering to a different customer geographic. Also, when shipping these chocolates in the summer months, extra care must be taken to ensure that they arrive intact and whole (not melted); therefore, insulated [ice packs] packaging must accompany these orders. Now does it make sense? I hope that this answer will suffice.
There is an expiration date, but it depends on the product. Newer batches expire later than older ones (naturally), but typically they last quite a while when wrapped and stored in a cool, dry place. Mine lasted a whole year before looking like they were getting old, but by then I was on the last orange, and it didn't last for much longer after. ;)
I have no idea. I used to find them in the stores at Christmas only. Then where my husband worked at one time they sold them in the company store. I just find them so delicious and unique in the way that it splits apart when you bang it on the counter before unwrapping. I used to get them in a raspberry flavor, too, but haven't found them lately. Don't hesitate to try them because they really are GREAT!
Sorry, we do not do that option.
We ship the chocolates in an insulated package with ice packs.
Beware title-may vary is RIGHT. Mine came in a flimsy white box. Oranges thrown in with only the inside plastic insert around them, which, if you have bought before, you know are just used for a 'window' inside the box shown and NOT for protection. Only good part of MY order was I received a 'free' extra ball (not mentioned on site listing but on white container - SURPRISE!).
Please contact the manufacturer Ferrera Candy Co directly at 708-366-0500. They will be able to provide you with stores that carry them locally.
Sadly this item was discontinued by the manufacturer and is no longer in production. As we are not the manufacturer we have no control over this decision and like you, wish they would be produced again. We apologize for any inconvenience this had caused.
We do ship internationally. All international orders must be placed on line and typically take 6-10 business days for delivery depending on the customs.
I think that's for a case.
From Kerrygold's website: The vast majority of an Irish cow's diet is from rich, natural grass which grows abundantly in Ireland. Ireland's location on the edge of the Atlantic Ocean gives it a temperate climate, not too hot and not too cold and with regular rainfall which is the perfect weather for growing grass. Approximately 2/3 of the land in Ireland is used for farming and agriculture and 80% of this land is used to grow grass. This grass gives the Irish countryside its green colour and is the basis for the description of Ireland as the Emerald Isle. This abundant supply of natural fresh grass is also what makes the Irish dairy industry and Irish dairy products unique. Irish dairy cows graze on fresh grass in pastures all day long for up to 312 days a year. In fact, Irish cows graze outdoors on grass for longer than almost every country in the world.
igourmet has a dedicated commitment to ensuring the safe, efficient delivery of our food products. To this end, we are constantly researching, developing and improving our FreshWave packaging system. During the summer months, we use an air tight, fully insulated, temperature retaining packaging system that keeps its contents cool for as many as 48 hours in ambient temperatures of up to 90 degrees Fahrenheit or 24 hours in temperatures up to 105 degrees. Through the use of the FreshWave packaging system, igourmet.com can absolutely guarantee that the food products you receive from us are in the same fresh condition as when they left our facility. The FreshWave system combines a reusable, seamless, molded cooler chest with a non-toxic refrigerant gel pack and strategically placed chips of dry ice. Your perishable foods are temperature controlled within the confines of the cooler, which itself is encased in an outer cardboard shipper. To further contain temperature escalation, we fill the remaining areas with void fill to minimize the amount of air circulating within the system. As an added bonus, you get to keep the cooler and the refrigerant gel packs to use for your next picnic or road trip. In the winter months, we may utilize a less robust system for the cooler states.
Hi -nooo take it back. I get it from ralphs it should taste like regualr butter. they may have put in cooler with fish and absorbed the oders
I have frozen it for 3 months and found no difference.
I am sorry, but that is a glitch on Amazon that we have been trying to have corrected for quite some time but it's unfortunately still an issue. The product should also not be listed as having free shipping. We can ship anywhere in the United States but shipping charges would apply. You can contact us directly at 877-446-8763. best regards, Margaret igourmet
I am sorry, but there is an error with this listing on Amazon, and we have been trying to have it corrected with them for quite some time now. It does not have free shipping, and we can ship anywhere in the United States. You can contact us directly at 877-446-8763, but shipping charges would apply. Best regards, Margaret, igourmet
We would not have information on which stores carry the items we carry. Shipping needs to be overnight for butter to ensure it arrives in perfect condition. The shipping will not increase if you order more than one. It is per order. Best regards, Margaret igourmet
Sorry, we do ship to North Dakota, we are experience some issues. This is being worked on and we are hoping to have everything back to normal shortly. Thank you.
I'm sorry but no we don't ship to Canada. Thank you.
http://kerrygoldusa.com/faq/#qa7 all your questions have been asked and answered on their faq. hope this helps.
They used to have the picture of the ingredient label, but the full ingredients are as follows: "Juice and Puree from Whole Organic Vegetables(Organic Tomatoes; Organic Carrots; Organic Celery; Organic Broccoli; Organic Kale; Organic Collard Greens; Organic Beets; Organic Parsley; Organic Lettuce; Organic Spinach; Organic Watercress); Organic Lemon Juice; Organic Jalapeno; Organic Garlic; Organic Cayenne Pepper; Pure Salt (No Additives)."
I have the regular super veggie, I don't know what the low sodium is. Sodium...100mg, Potassium...620mg.
Lakewood has one on their site, here: http://www.lakewoodjuices.com/product_detail/id-40/
Glass. It is very well packed.
Glass.
Yes I'm pretty sure they wash it, but not pasteurizing the vegetables makes sure they are not exposed to radiation and thus lessening they're nutritional value
It says on the bottle that it is GMO free so I have to believe that!
Hello Jacqui, You would have to check shipping costs once you initiate the checkout process to see if it is possible to ship outside of the USA.
Drink 2 to 4 ounces twice daily. You can drink it plain, over ice, or mix 1 part Pure Aloe with 2 to 4 parts cold fruit juice. You can also freeze it to make ice cubes. Must be refrigerated once opened.
Each bottle has a shelf life of one year to 18 months.
It appears that it is a Florida grown product. The label says USDA organic and Florida Organic Growers and consumers. Also says Certified by Quality Certification Services Florida Growers and Consumers. USDA organic Product. you might check there website www.lakewoodjuices.com
No it does not need to be refrigerated. If you notice, in grocery stores, they don't refrigerate them.
Yep. Nothing but cranberry in there. I mix one bottle of this with 4C water & 1.5C sugar, but I like it strong. Lakewood does make a cranberry cocktail (or some such) that's sweetened with juice from other fruits, but this one's straight-up cranberry.
I bought it because it has no added sugar. Cranberry juice may have healthful benefits.
The juice that I bought always had a good expiration date.
This link provides complete nutritional information: http://www.lakewoodjuices.com/product_detail/id-33/
yes, cold pressed, not from concentrate = best i've found!! :)
Mine was over a year from it's purchase date.
Lakewood is one of the best juice companies on the market today. Lakewood sells pure juices not from concentrate, no added sugar and no preservatives. From Lakewood's website, "Our juices are a delicious natural source of anti-oxidants, phytochemical nutrients, dietary fiber, vitamins and minerals. Lakewood takes pride in producing a line of fresh-pressed 100% pure organic and premium juices, with no additives or artificial ingredients of any kind." However, that doesn't mean there is no sugar in the juice? Juice has tons of sugar! And if you drink too much juice, that may not be so healthy, even if it's the premium highest quality juices. Get a Vitamix and make your own fruit smoothies from the complete fruit minus the pits and stem, but a Vitamix will pulverize the stem and pits, too. There's nothing tastier than a fresh fruit smoothie with lots of ice added to keep it really cold. But if you want excellent quality juice, Lakewood is high on the list. But Lakewood juices are pasteurized, which means heated to kill germs. There is another product, Evolution Juices, which makes juices that are not only organic, not from concentrate, no preservative, no sugar added, but they're also not pasteurized (never heated). But you'll pay even more for Evolution brand. Or make the juice yourself in a Vitamix or other similar quality blender.
Pasteurization is a heating process to kill germs. But it also affects the natural "alive" quality of food/juice. If you go to Lakewood's Website you'll see that their juices are all pasteurized. Of the commercially produced juices that come in glass bottles from large manufacturers, Lakewood does make the best. However, if you want fresh juice that has not been altered in any way, then go to Whole Foods, and you can find plenty. Whole Foods now prepares their own juices. These non-pasteurized juices even if refrigerated, will go bad in a very short time. They're delicious, expensive, best quality, but they go bad fast. You can buy one of the high quality juicers or blenders (Vitamix), and make your own juice. They're the best. I think the Vitamix is a great tool for juicing since you don't throw away the fiber. "Yes, all Lakewood Juices are pasteurized. Our juices do not contain preservatives. Therefore, juices that have been opened and refrigerated should be consumed within 7 to 10 days."
Yes
Glass! And this juice tastes amazing!
Yes, it is. On the bottle in my fridge, I see the K-PARVE symbol just to the right of 32 FL. OZ.
The jar reads, "Florida organic growers and consumers"
According to the labeling is USA grown
I have some that are now a year old and still good. However, I keep the packages in a sealed plastic container.
For your edification and enlightenment: http://waynesword.palomar.edu/plapr99.htm#food Sir: The logical answer is, "No."
It is in a plastic jar.
The package says: Stakich, Inc. Bloomfield Hills, MI. Product of USA. "The bee hives are kept in unsprayed fields allowing honey bees to collect only the finest nectar from wild flowers." That's all I got! Hope it helps :)
It is off white, it is light tan just like the it looks in the picture. This is really delicious and all the good stuff has not been filtered out. It is thick not like the little bear honey we find in the stores. I will definitely buy again when I run out.
I store mine in the kitchen cupboard and have had no issues with it. I don't think you can avoid it the longer you keep it. It doesn't hurt it and if it does crystallize just put some in a dish in a bowl of hot water and let it melt. It will go back to original consistency.
I don't have the jar in front of me but with 16 oz to the pound and it being a 5 lb jar, I'd say 80 ozs.
Raw, unprocessed honey is thicker than processed honey.
I am trying to cut down on my sugar intake I use it in my coffee every morning and ice tea and one of my favorite snacks is fresh apple slices and fresh lime juice with homey it usually lasts me one month
Sorry, I cannot answer that question, email Stakich directly. All I can say is that it is the best raw honey you will ever find.
No, it does not.
Not enough to be of concern. About 15g of good sugar if that helps.
It came in a plastic Baggie that was split open. I found mine loose in the shipping box.
i emailed the company and they said it was under Rabbi Herschel Finman, Michigan Kosher Supervisors http://www.mikosup.com/
6 or 7 inches long. (I don't have any right now.)
I think they are from the description but you need to look up the company and what they say.
i emailed the company and they said it was under Rabbi Herschel Finman, Michigan Kosher Supervisors http://www.mikosup.com/
I've only tried opening them with scissors. I like them and so does everyone in the office.
No clue. Not much at all.
Yes it contains both bee pollen and propolis.
According to the Stakich's information posted online it comes from Michigan . . . it is REALLY good , but beware , if you start to use it , you WILL become addicted . . . it is THAT good !
Nothing is i this besides honey. Also, its in its rawest from, meaning unheated and unfiltered.
ITS NOT RUNNY AT ALL ITS SO THICK ,,
No.
Plastic. It would be quite heavy if they were to use glass.
You have to. Otherwise they might die.
It is a food-just a really healthy one. So you can eat it however you like. A half tea spoon should be enough to get the health benefits, but you can put it on toast or other things that need to be a little sweeter if you like that better.
I received it in a plastic bottle (not glass). To my knowledge, the jar did not have a plastic seal wrapped around it, but the lid was tightly screwed on (It required some effort to open the bottle for the first time). The previous comment by Suznie refers to ordering pure royal jelly only NOT honey---my comments refer to the raw honey with raw jelly, bee pollen in it.
I always thought that all honey don't spoil and I haven't refrigerated my jar after opening it about 2 months ago no sign of molding or spoiling still delicious today
My bee pollen arrived unsealed and I promptly returned for a refund.
Yes
My jar says made in USA. It also says 30,000 mg Propolis. 30,000 mg Royal jelly. 30,000 mg bee pollen.
It is normal and ok. I moved the majority of it into a glass mason jar and set it in a pot of hot water to dissolve the crystals. I left a little "as is" for toast. : )
This is sourced in Michigan, USA
Absolutely, I use it almost daily basis - it tastes and feels a lot better. You will never regret about this purchase. This is a good product.
You'll have to go on the Stakich.com website to get an answer to that question. I have visited the website, but I don't remember any details pertaining to that question. You might need to use the "contact us" link.
No Where on the bottle does it say what type of cinnamon is in this product, but you could contact them directly at http://www.stakich.com/
Plastic container
From taste alone - it is evenly infused with cinnamon.
the label on the container does not identify the type of cinnamon.
I emailed the company and was told it was Ceylon.
I called the company and was told the ratio is Honey (40oz) and Cinnamon (1/2oz).
the bonsai stays very small. i have a regular money tree planted in my yard and it is about 10 feet tall right now. i hope this helps you.
Hi Sandra...wish I knew the answer to your question....but I, too, am having trouble with my Money Tree looking a little droopy. I have noticed the very tips of the leaves are turning brown....I purchased this plant in June 2013 and I don't know if I should try repotting and buy some fertilizer for it....the pot measures 5.50" x 4.00" (oval size)...and it does look to be too small. My plant is now 9 months old and has grown to 16".....I'm not sure I have it in the right space....I have it in front of a window that faces South, but the window isn't very bright due to the patio overhang. I know this e-mail hasn't answered your question...but thought I'd let you know that I, too, am wondering what is my next step....good luck, TJ
Home Depot, Lowes, or the merchant selling the tree should be able to give u the best answer.
The pot was about 4 inches deep and six long ways.the plant was braided but 3 stalks were about dead when I got it and couldn't bring them back.I will never buy a plant on line again I would much rather go to a store where I can see it in person.
I didn't repot because instructions stated it should be planted in a smaller pot than tree. I didn't want to risk a bigger pot. Mine is still healthy and sprouting new leaves all the time.
No. All plants need natural light.
Yes so small
I think it depends on what pot it's in. I left mine in the original pot since last year and it's about 14-15 in high.
I don't believe they are certified as kosher. But they only have two basic ingredients, miracle friut powder and corn starch. Hope this helps, im not to informed on the rules for being kosher.
They're similar to regular pills, keep them in a dehumidified area below 75 degrees Fahrenheit
This is all the info I have - http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/1xk0oi/iam_mberry_the_worlds_leading_producer_and/?sort=top
I never tried the old version, but based on reviews it does seem less potent. I was also disappointed that it wasn't splittable. Then again with its weaker ability you really can't split it.
Yes put u will feel the pain of the hotness if that makes sense .
Yes it will but not by much it only last about half hour or so. Highly recommended it thought.
Yes
Not straight vodka... It will be sweet as long as you put citrus in it
Half a tablet about 30 minutes a full tablet about an hour
Depending on the person, generally between 30 minutes and two hours (some traces of the effect sometimes last close to that two hour mark) I generally have it work perfectly for the first 30-45 minutes then it trails off by the one hour mark, though some of my friends have said it lasted longer for them.
Yes, there are 4 boxes of 19.
No, four packs, 19 in each, 76 bags in all.
My expiration date is April, 2014. I do not remember when I bought these, but there are not many left, so the April expiration date is not a problem for me. And I bought the single bags for use in a one cup machine. These seem to go fast at my house. Hope this helps.
Expiration dates probably vary from box to box. You'd have to look at the box you've purchased.
Yes, each is foil wrapped to keep fresh.
I was not able to find an expiration and shelf life. You may try to call the distributor of the product. Catherine
I just looked on the bottle itself: the country of origin is Paraguay. Oh, but the most important issue is the substance is Certified Organic. Hope this helps you.
I would contact company to ask but it's sugar cane and I really can't remember if I made any thing for my sister with this molasses she is on a gf diet
The bottle is made of plastic. The plastic material is pretty hard and tough, not the soft type of plastic. I do not know whether the plastic is food grade / BPA-free, as there is no indication on the bottle label on the type of plastic that the bottle is made of.
Kind of late to respond but yes, it's unsulphered. I bought a small bottle the other day and it says right under the name that it's unsulphered. And it's blackstrap too.
One 5ml serving has 3% of the daily recommended value.
Yes, this is lemon juice with no water added to dilute it! Therefore, it is the same acidity as fresh lemon juice. A sip of it doesn't taste as bright as freshly squeezed and would not be my choice for lemonade, but for any application where heat will be added (such as canning), this product is ideal, convenient, competitively priced, especially for ORGANIC.
I bought mine June 11 2014, and the expiration date is May 2016. Hope this helps :)
Lemon
No idea. but you can contact Lakewood here @ www.lakewoodjuices.com/contact and im sure they can answer that question for you :)
It has no preservatives.. It is pasteurized. They recommend storing in the refrigerator even before opening to prevent discoloration. My juices have been fine kept in the fridge for several weeks.
Read the product description. You will have to decide if you like it, by trying it. For my money, fresh and organic is as good as it gets.
Two tablespoons of Lakewood is equal to one lemon; according to their label. How much water/ice and sugar is up to the individual.
That's not listed on the bottles. sorry, Denese
I have had my Lakewood Organic Fresh Pressed Pure Lemon for about 3 years. This is the best in flavor after trying many other Lemon Juice products. I have only 3 bottles left in my pantry so it is time for me to order more. Even though the unopened lemon juice has turned somewhat brown, the taste remains excellent. As far as the expiration date on your pack of 12, you will need to check that on your bottles. Hope this helps!
The shipping method is how long the package is in transit and does not reflect lead time which can vary. The only option we offer is expidited. I do my best to adjust the lead time to keep the delivery estimates accurate but will always do my best to meet any deadline. I should be able to make sure your order gets out tomorrow which should have them there on Thursday. For future reference, messaging me directly through the "contact seller" link would probably be better for this type of question. Please let me know if you need anything else.
don't see why not --- the turnbull eggs i have purchased were all fresh --- like with any egg you eat raw or slightly cooked you should check for freshness by putting the whole eggs in a dish of water to be sure they sink and not float -- all the Turnbull eggs i have bought have been very fresh --
They are in little egg crates, surrounded by ice packs and in a protective foam box.
I'm sorry I really do not know. But I must say all the chemicals that are put info usda certified food I really don't care. They are made in the USA and they are very good. I've ate them gave them to my family. This is a family farm from Indiana and I trust them for that reason. I hope that helps.
The foods that the quails are fed must be organic and non GMO are far as I can tell because Turnbull Farms's quail eggs do not trigger my migraines. That is the reason why I began purchasing this product from Turnbull Farms.
Ive never made that recipe. I boil them for 5 minutes for hard boiled eggs. If you want the centers set but not hard, perhaps 3 minutes? I imagine you can watch them closely in the oven and decide on the spot.
The eggs ship with an ice pack.
I think these specific ones are for consumption. They do have "One Dozen Turnbull Farms Coturnix Quail Hatching Eggs" for sale too. You should click on their name and it should show you the other options for eggs.
Target sell this in a 6 package as well for $149.99. Amazon sells it for 148.99. Ok so that only one dollar. But as a subscribe and save customer you get 15% off making it $127.40. So that's basically getting one carton free. That's why I chose to go anazi plus I am not running out looking for it. This lasts me one month of feeding @ 7ozs. Now with adding food it will last me longer. It's much easier for me. Hope this helps.
I believe these are good for a year, unopened. After they're opened, they're good for a month.
It's going to vary based on the current stock. It has always been new stock with a long shelf life in our deliveries.
Maybe a month. I started buying this for my daughter when she was 6 months old I believe so I didn't have to keep going out and spending lots on just one or two containers of it at the store and with her being that old it lasted us about a month an a half. I would guess with a newborn possibly a month?
I just received a shipment last week and all 6 expire 9/2015
OptiGrow
my baby is only one mouth over. so i buy first level.
Ship Fed Ex. Thanks
yes
Formula in an unopened can usually doesn't expire for about 2 years from when it was packaged. Once you open it though it is best to use it within about 1 month to 6 weeks time.
'If' I remember correctly it's 50:50 on hot water and potato mix + salt and pepper. Sorry, I no longer have the box. This potato flake mix has added powdered milk and butter added, so it's up to you if you wish to add more or not. I found I didn't need to.
It is one box not pouches.
It is one big box. I use. 1/3 cup for 1 serving.
Pantry
150 calories per service. 310 mg sodium, 240 potassium, 17g carb 1g fiber, 2% clacium 2% iron. These are excellent mashed potatoes. I would highly recommend them.
Box I got a few weeks ago has "Best before 18 Jun 2014" on it. So minimum 8 months.
Received some boxes with best by date out over a year from current date. I personally order about six boxes at a time and go through them in six to eight months and they always taste great. They are dehydrated and sealed really good so I imagine they would last well over a year, probably much longer.
Yes. They do offer a 'homestyle' version on the box also that include added milk and butter. IMHO it doesn't need it.
It contains dry milk. So no, it's not dairy free or vegan.
Two refill bottles a spray bottle a green wash basket and a clear soak bowl.
32 ounces each
Yes it says on the bottle not to dilute it, just pour into spray bottle and use as usual.
Reading from label on bottle, ingredients are: "purified water, natural cleaning agents (derived from plant oils), grapefruit seed extract and lemon-orange extract." This is a WONDERFUL product--works great...washes off completely w/no residue.
I have purchased several jars of honey from this company. It has a very different taste from honey here in the US. I can't give you a 100% sure way, but that would be one. Also, I have used this for healing mainly and it works very well.
This is similar to UMF10+ honey. MGO 400 (methylglyoxal) is equivalent to NPA 12.9 (non-peroxide activity) which would be rated UMF10+ if this was a licensed UMF honey. There's an online conversion calculator for UMF/NPA to MGO ratings at: http://www.umf.org.nz/umf-trademark/methylglyoxal-npa-honey-conversion-calculator To get an MGO honey equivalent to UMF20+ you'd need an MGO rating over 800.
The jars are plastic with a plastic lid. Should not be a problem at an airport.
Yes. It is kind of expensive though.
2 years from the date of purchase!
I couldn't tell any difference from the Honey and other Honey. I didn't repurchase.
This was my first purchase. The texture of the honey and color fit the description from my prior research and it had a certification seal on it. I can't remember if there was a license number and I just recycled the jar.
this honey is an antibiotic
You MF is for medicinal purposes and that means that it's been laboratory tested in New Zealand if it doesn't have the UMF it means that it's more for practical use for the family
Yes.....this is the actual active Manuka Honey from New Zealand.
GMO stands for genetically modified organism. By definition, as things stand right now, organic means also non-GMO
I'm unsure about the corn popper. We just do ours in a pot on the stove. It's not tough to chew, though. It's very light and fluffy. My toddlers love it.
The bag does not say, so I'm guessing no
Gluten is a protein found in wheat, barley and rye. Corn has no gluten so it is always gluten free.
I just bought one 28oz. bag.
A product can only be labeled ORGANIC if is NON-GMO. If you would like more info : http://blogs.usda.gov/2013/05/17/organic-101-can-gmos-be-used-in-organic-products/ Hope it helped.
It is what I would consider normal popcorn, except it is organic.
To be certified organic, my understanding is that things MUST be Non GMO. I have found a better bag sold by amazon that states non GMO, it's cheaper and extremely tasty. Try Farm Market Certified Organic organic popcorn. It's great!
Currently it's all we have.
No it says Notting about aspirin in the ingredients
Sorry it is not eligible for prime shipping at this time. Regards , ItalianFoodImports
The tree is roughly 4-5inches tall, the pot is a smaller round pot. It's not big at all, but it's big enough to look awesome on your desk (in the sun) or in a window.
I had mine in the house when summer time came I had to move mine out side. it started to die. and its still outside . but its still green so far.
I didn't have a bug problem at all
I had mine in my office and it died. Not sure if it was opperator error or if it was the environment
Juniperus communis
I'll be honest--ours died relatively fast both in summer and winter. It lived indoor year round. :(
It looks very similar to the one in the picture, and the pot was a bit darker color.
Like many websites I've read and actual advice included with the tree, it suggests 2-2.5 hours of direct sunlight a day. If you have that tempered glass in your home that isn't direct sunlight. Simply place it outside during your work day and it will be fine. I live in Arizona and its fine even in this heat during the heat...in fact I think it likes the heat.
I don't think so, it is the ficus and sago palm junipers that are harmful to cats.
yes they love sun, just ease it into it- a little each day and do not let it get cold
This is made at an almond only facility in CA. Check out their website too!
It was 1 package of 24 packets. Very good flavor.
Almonds, evaporated cane juice, palm fruit oil, sea salt
it says on the pack that it equals "about a handful". it's 90 calories per packet. hope that helps!
16g is one tbsp which is just a hair under the small packets. The large packets are just a hair under 2 tbsp at 30g. Barney butter has the least amount of ingredients of all the to go packets that I researched. It has a great taste and very handy to have on the go. "Our squeeze packs now come in two sizes: 0.6 oz (15g) and 1.06 oz (30g)." Copied from the BB website.
In the 0.6 oz package. there is 1.5 grams of Sugar
Mine was one box of 24 packets
The expiration date on my product is in 2014. Without knowing the exact manufacturer date of the almond butter i cannot be exact, but I can safely say that you have atleast 9 months on the product minumum.
Total fat - 15g per serving
Almond butter ingredients read: almonds, evaporated cane juice, palm fruit oil, sea salt. I like the smooth rather than the crunchy. It does leave the taste of almonds in your mouth!
Technically you don't have to stir it as you don't really get a pooling of oil on the top similar to the Maranatha no stir. Although I've noticed this with both the Maranatha no stir and pretty much all no-stir almond butter is that as you get to the bottom, the stuff at the bottom is pretty solid. Usually I give all of my almond butter (stir or no stir) a stir as I finish the first quarter or so of the jar just to try and avoid the stuff at the bottom being a little more solid then the rest. Other then that, I love this stuff. It tastes the most like peanut butter and has the closest texture by far. The maranatha no stir is my go to runner up though as it's usually quite a bit cheaper, tastes pretty good and also has a pretty good texture as well.
8 grams per 2 tablespoons
0 mg, 0% cholesterol.
Blanched roasted almonds, evaporated cane juice, palm fruit oil, sea salt are the ingredients listed.
No
Blanched roasted almonds, organic cane sugar, palm fruit oil and sea salt.
Blanched.
evaporated cane juice
I don't recall the exact micrograms, but the recommendation that I was given was 3 or 4 nuts per day would be a generous and ample supply.
Peru, Bolivia
The bag was sealed shut. It does have a zip lock to reseal after initial opening of the bag .
I keep mine in the fridge too. I guess you could try freezing a few and see how they turn out. They keep well in the fridge though.
No, they are not salted, but they are good.
Faith, They are raw, so you do not have to worry about sodium content. Connie
No they are not salted. They don't taste bad at all. Kinda like a sunflower seed.
Yes
It would be different for the precise packages that you are looking it compared to the ones I bought 1 year ago. They did not arrive rancid and I have been storing them in the freezer and they are still good.
Not salted.
I would contact the "Sincerely Nuts" to find out for sure. However, they are marked Kosher and the National Kosher Certification Program has banned since 04/2013 any GMO foods from receiving the K Kosher label to be phased out and completed by 2014.......Hope this bit of info helps. P.S. These are the best dates I have EVER tasted!!!
I received a 2 pound bag
No they are not pitted.
I'm sorry, but I am not sure...I just looked at the package, and was not able to see anything about being unsulfured.
I'm not sure but I think you should just return them,
This brand is WeGotNuts.com. Phone. Toll Free: (855-934-6868) Local: (718) 289-0808. Address. WeGotNuts. com 1542 45th Street Brooklyn, NY 11219. Fax. 718-289-0809.
They do not have any added sugar. They do contain pits that are easily removed.
I just checked my package and a added label on the back says "Two pounds". I've eaten about half of them and I weighed the package and it weighed one pouind three ounces.
they are natural no added sugar
They are still pliable and I use them by cutting them into diced pieces. If you want to stuff them whole, steam them yourself quickly first to put some plumpness back in them. But they are fresh and good.
Yes, and they're delicious!
2 lbs
I just ordered this gambling that whether it was roasted or raw (was hoping for raw). It has "Roasted" printed on the back of the package. I assume this is what you mean by toasted, but either way, it is indeed Roasted.
well i was also confused as well, until i examined the package more closely and yes it does say kyoto, but on the bottom it says trading hawaii from torrence ca so i'm not really sure
well at the top of the package it lists a province in Japan, Koyoto-Yagi "Yagi was a town located in Funai District, Kyoto Prefecture.." this is disgustingly misleading, how the seller highlights "distributed by.." a Hawaiian company. so someone in Hawaii is selling possibly radiation-poisoned, toxic, perhaps lethal Japanese seaweed and these deceptive merchants call it "Hawaiian"
6 sandwich crackers (2 crackers with PB in between X 6)
5G
I do not currently ship Internationally.
I can't say for sure but it sure does taste like it. It says cheddar cheese and cheese culture and real peanut butter. I'm a real picky Eater and have tried others but couldn't stomach them. All I can say is I don't have to force myself to eat them and once I start I want more
We love using Palouse Garbanzos, but I was not sure on the Pesticides issue. After contacting Palouse directly, this was their response: "Thank you for your interest in our Garbanzo Beans. We do use some pesticides on our farm, however we've been certified by the Food Alliance as a sustainable farm and are not allowed to use certain pesticides as part of the certification. If you're interested in more information regarding their certification requirements and to see the list of restricted pesticides, please go to foodalliance.org." ..Hope this helps!
1 pound dry beans will give 2.5 lbs cooked also factor in the fact that you probably get 10 oz of actual beans when you pour off the liquid in the can
Go to the company's website palousebrand.com; scroll down and you will see the non-GMO info. Also, lick on identity preserved and you can see right where your garbanzo's were grown.
I am unable to answer this question, due to lack of the specific knowledge. I would recommend visiting the Palouse Brand website (http://palousebrand.com/), or sending an email to customerservice@palousebrand.com.
yes you can sprout these seeds. You can also plant them. They can be cooked and used in so many different ways. These GMO FREE Garbanzo beans are great.
They would (I have them sprouted: soak for 24hrs; drain; make them moist; Damp, Dark place, as in the oven). But they do not taste as well as soaked after 24 hrs. Asides, this is a great product. My 4th. purchase. (Hope it helped!)
I will soak a few of them in the water and let you know
Dont think so. Desi are rather dark - These are light tan, almost white when dry.
Ingredients  -2 cups drained well-cooked or canned chickpeas, liquid reserved - 1/2 cup tahini (sesame paste), optional, with some of its oil - 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus oil for drizzling - 2 cloves garlic, peeled, or to taste - Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste - 1 tablespoon ground cumin or paprika, or to taste, plus a sprinkling for garnish - Juice of 1 lemon, plus more as needed - Chopped fresh parsley leaves for garnish Preparation 1. Put everything except the parsley in a food processor and begin to process; add the chickpea liquid or water as needed to allow the machine to produce a smooth puree. 2. Taste and adjust the seasoning (I often find I like to add much more lemon juice). Serve, drizzled with the olive oil and sprinkled with a bit more cumin or paprika and some parsley.
Easy! Soak the beans overnight in enough water [I use filtered water, not tap] to cover them by about 5 inches. The beans soak up the water so you can't add too much!! I put the beans in the fridge but you can leave out overnight too - cover the pot. Next day, drain and rinse. Again, add water [filtered] to cover the beans by about 4 inches. If you want, add some salt to the water. Bring to a boil and cook. I cook the Palouse brand for about 45 minutes but others I cook for an hour. You just taste one and if it's right, the beans are done. Empty the water, rinse the beans if you want, and enjoy!
Not at all;).
No, you do not *have* to plant wheat berries. You may do with them as you wish: sprout, cook, grind. And they make as much flour as they make--no more, no less. Best way to measure this is to throw a cupful into your grinder and then either weigh the resultant flour (grams or oz) and make note of this for future reference. Good luck!
Yes. Mine sprout.
Learning to grind your own wheat takes a little trial & error with your recipes. I find hard wheat best for breads, soft is needed for cookies (sometimes I have to sift the soft white to remove everything but the softest) for cakes, pastries. There are many people online with recipes & help if you google "grinding my own flour". Good Luck!
I'm not sure I bought this to grow for my chickens!
I asked this question of the manufacturer myself and it stores nicely in the freezer. That's where I keep mine.
I don't actually know for sure but we have bought from them on several occasions and have been very pleased with our product. It is called "organic & non-gmo" so I think that means no chemicals.
Depends how it's stored. If you seal it in a bucket with Mylar bags and oxygen absorbers it will absolutely last 10 years. I know this for a fact. Some people say it will last 50 years but I can't guarantee it. I can say though that archeologists found wheat in tombs in Egypt, still in tact. That's pretty amazing.
It's whole grain and probably a good place to start. Long term you will probably want to look for a local source in larger quantities.
I make my own flour out of the wheat berries. I have used a bunch of different varieties of wheat berries with the same results. Moisture is the key ingredient to allowing the wheat berries to sprout. If you do not want them to sprout, keep them dry. I am afraid that if you freeze them, they will pick up what is called freezer scent prior to when you mill the berries. My suggestion would be to use a nice sealing moisture barrier bag. This is how I treat my product. Alternately, some people will sprout their wheat berries in an incubater then after a series of days of growth, put them in a dehydrater to remove water. The next step is to mill the dehydrated sprouts. I have not done this operation as it is labor intensive. I have other friends that have and really like the product.
Storage is very important. I store beans & legumes 2 ways: in the cupboard using Snapware containers (I believe that a 17 cup one will hold the 5 lbs of lentils. Then there is the less than glamorous way using a food safe bucket with a gamma lid. I use both methods because I buy 20 lbs of soybeans at a time for soy milk. Beans that I only buy little bits of, and don't use all that often get put into a Ziploc and, after a trip to the freezer, find themselves dumped into the bucket along with the soybeans. I have a smaller canister that I keep soybeans at hand in. As for the jute bag question: not. There is, however a plastic bag inside of the jute bag but once you've opened it, you will really want to put them into something airtight.
From what I can see, they do not bare the USDA's organic label. They are Food Alliance certified. To be certified, they must farm using sustainable ag practices. Some certified farms are organic; some are not. Pardina's grain and legumes are non GMO. That coupled with the Food Alliance certifications makes it close enough in my book. Here's the link to the Food Alliance: foodalliance.org That said, there are farms and businesses that are passing on the USDA organic label because it doesn't mean what we would like it to mean. While I haven't read the organic regulations of late, at one time, they were allowing GMO foods to be labeled organic.
If I remember correctly the lentil were actually inside a plastic bag secured with a twist tie. The bag is quite nice. But I store my bulk items in glass jars after I get them as I have found plastic bags aren't always enough to ward off pests.
Yes!!!!
Yes
as a general rule, its a good idea to wash the lentils and check for anything that shouldn't be there. I do it more out of habit than anything else. I have never found anything but lentils when I wash them thru a colander or strainer. I think you will fine that these lentils are the best around and the company ships them very clean. Good luck on your journey with these lentils. Their delicious and healthy and I also recommend their split peas too. Their both a good value.
Lentils are considered the perfect food, nutritionally speaking. According to nutritiondata.self.com, per 1 cup serving of boiled with no salt: 230 calories, 1 g fat-0 saturated, trans or cholesterol; 4 g sodium, 40 g carbohydrate, 16 g fiber, 4 g sugar, and 18 g protein. Lentils are also chock full of various minerals but you can look those up yourself. Speaking as a vegetarian, this is the perfect staple and can be cooked in so many different ways that, unless you really want to be, you'll never be bored.
I do not have a rice cooker, but would assume so. It may change the texture depending on how long they cook for.
The subscribe and save I ordered was 4 "Famly size" boxs with one bag in each box.
There really are a good amount of crackers here, hard to tell without knowing the size of the bag. Total 44 oz so you would have about 2.5 ounces per bag and I think that should be good. They are light so 2.5 ounces should fill something nicely.
I would send a question to the seller on that one. =)
Ingredients list: organic wheat flour, organic expeller-pressed sunflower oil, salt, organic valley organic cheddar cheese (organic pasteurized milk, cheese culture, salt, enzymes), organic annatto extract for color, yeast, organic paprika, organic cultured whole milk, organic nonfat milk, organic ground celery seed, organic onion powder.
does not work with the 2.0
You just put the coffee in this mesh basket, no filter needed. But you do need the the rest of the Kureg assembly this is just a replacement filter and will not work alone.
I should think so. This is my second keurig and I have the extra adapter that you put the mesh holder in. It would have fit both and I used it in my Mr. Coffee as well. Same idea as the Keurig.
These are the smaller standard size filters. They are the replacement filter for 'Keurig My K-Cup Replacement Coffee Filter Set fits B30 B40 B50 B60 B70 series'
Yes
Nah, they fit just fine. :) They are actually very good quality and have held up pretty well for me.
I've never tried putting a bag of anything into the filter. You could empty the bag into the filter and see what happens when you brew it.
I am not sure and with that answer it would seem as a consumer like you that these things are universal. Does it say U may ret it? I would first go on youtube.com and put in K-cup reuseable filter. You have to have the recepticle to put the filter in. Do you have one. Added expense. I have both and a lot of trouble for that is why you bought the Keurig in the first place wasn't it? Now over complicating things. If you want fav coffee make ahead freeze in small containers and micro and go! Just a thought. Success! I have these and NEVER use, a messy deal. Cheaper to buy K-cups at disc. google disc k-cups. Sandra it's scary to tell address to someone U don't know but you may have one not used and I will send 1 to try. Mrs. Billie Colvin, Oregon (pose this same ? on google first)
I believe the B-130 model is not designed to accept a refillable coffee filter. Hence this Filter is not for you. The B-130 is considered a commercial model so I'm afraid you are stuck with buying expense disposables.
It should, but I have never used a b130, so Im not absolutely sure.
It came in one bag that was not factory sealed. It was sealed with a small piece of clear tape around the bag end. The marshmallows were all okay, but I was not to impressed with the packaging.
2 bags will do it. ( 50 cans = 457 cubic inches , 2 x Cereal Marshmallows, 21 oz = 480 cubic inches )
No but sounds like a good idea
Not sure, mines were stale when I got them.
Unfortunately they were not mailed with any nutritional information, but I venture to say that HFCS and CS are both sugars - the body doesn't know the difference.
On my bag it says: "sugar, modified cornstarch, corn syrup, dextrose, gelatin, sodium hexametaphosphate, artificial color, (red 40 yellow 6 blue 1 yellow 5) artificial flavor, natural flavor"
Look for the 'Show all buying options' and click there. You can get the different sizes.
Likely, yes. I checked on the Lucky Charms ones years ago and they were pork at that time. Since it says these are made by Kraft, I can only venture they are pork, since the other Kraft marshmallows all contain pork gelatin.
Not long, because these are so tasty you eat them all before you get to that point. I am not sure though, as I did actually use them all within a week.
I have no clue.
The mix is perfect the way it is I wouldn't change anything.
Krusteaz Honey Cornbread is pretty good. I used it when I could not get the Penguin brand. The Krusteaz bread is not as sweet, no honey taste and no corn kernels in the mix. I would recommend Krusteaz brand as a good substitute.
Just made a batch last night, 1 large egg, 1/2 cup oil, (I use vegetable) and 3/4 milk.
Egg holds everything together. When you bake other things what do you use? Do you use an egg substitute? I wouldn't think you would want to replace a natural egg with something artificial. Penquin is really delicious, moist and a bit sweet, with pieces of corn. Yum. C.F.
240 mg per serving, which is 1/12 of the pan made from one packet. These are not fat free either, but the best cornbread ever, especially if you add a little vanilla to the mix. Enjoy.
Good morning Betty, I have looked into trying to find this product in other areas of the country and have not found any available. This cornbread is made seasonally beginning in the Fall. If you contact Penguin Foods, perhaps they can alert you as to when they will make it and what stores it will be available for purchase. It is delicious cornbread! We love it too!
7-10 days thrush was completely gone.
I get it from The Natural Online. If you search those 3 words you will get the site.
depends on the seller. ive begun a list for myself so I know who to buy from and who not to. even though klaire labs states in the insert that it can go without being refrigerated, that it just decreases the strength after 3 months --i still dont want to take the chance bc who knows how long it sits on the shelf before being shipped out. PLUS so expensive why take the chance! (ALWAYS TEST PROBIOTICS WHEN THEY COME. GOOGLE HOW TO TEST PROBIOTICS. THE FIRST LINK IS THE ONE I USE WITH SUCCESS) ---sellers I wont buy from are "happy,smart,&cute" and "SHOPnSEND" --they do not shop with any cold pack or ice.i contacted happy and they said its fine and sent copy of klaire labs insert. they could not have been a nicer company to work with BUT I stopped buying from those two (even though product was alive) I only purchase from places that care more for the quality. sellers that DO ship with ice every time and ive had GREAT success with is "bon vivant essentials"---they sell on here quite frequently and seem to be the cheapest so I normally hold out for when they are selling on here with klaire labs bc I know they send with ice hope this helps. will try to update as my list grows. also know you can return if no ice and if test dead!
Kind of but I've been putting it in my daughters milk for over 1 year without complaints.
ERYTHRITOL IS THE PRIMARY INGREDIENT in this sweetener, not stevia. Erythritol is listed before the other ingredient, stevia rebaudiana, which means there's more erythritol than stevia in this sweetener. MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND THE [cleverly written] LABEL - it says "we use only stevia extract with at least 95% pure glycosides" - get that? That means that the stevia extract - the SECONDARY ingredient in this product - contains at least 95% steviol glycoside. IT DOES NOT MEAN that 95% is stevia and the rest is erythritol ... far from it. If the actual amounts of erythritol and stevia were openly disclosed on the label, they'd never sell much of it.
When I ordered, both shipments expiration were over 8 months from arrival. But I stopped giving my baby this formula because it is the worst of all the organic formulas. It has the highest sugar content and it has ingredients in it that can clog your baby's intestinal track.
No, order a bag of them seperately from Amazon.
The case that I ordered didn't expire for over ten months. You shouldn't have an issue. :o). But they also sell the little bottles at Target and BRU.... If you would feel better about seeing the date.
Yes
Yes, it appears it is made under "Xylitol USA Inc." in Aurora, Colorado, and if you do a search on the web for Emerald Forest Xylitol it says that it is one of the few manufacturers in North America.
according to the advertising it is made from non-gmo corn, however I don't see a USDA Organic certified stamp. Please contact manufacturer for further information.
Granulated
5 lbs.
I have used it to make Slim Belly Jelly a recipe in my Trim Healthy Mama book which uses glucomannan as a thickener. But I have not tried it with Sure-Jell. I have not had issues with crystallization. My recipe is a cooked recipe.
The majority of sources state that erythritol is made by fermenting glucose, which is derived from a variety of plants. Corn consists of dextrose, a different type of sugar. While the carbohydrates from corn can be hydrolyzed into glucose, I don't know if that is done in the case of erythritol (I imagine it's a costly process). Taking this into consideration, I would say that erythritol is not made from corn (though I'm not the manufacturer and can't say for certain).
Yes! The company is in Aurora, CO; and the product is produced there.
Birch trees.
xylitol, but I buy from the company now. you have to be careful read all labels. And cross check every thing.
This product is Xylitol made from American tree bark.
Amazon asked me if I would answer this question, although I suspect it was rhetorical. My only guess is that whoever is selling it, assumed it was calorie-free because it is considered an "artificial" sweetener. Maybe someone should tell them...
You could contact the company at xyltolusa.com and ask them. I don't believe birch trees are genetically engineered.
No sweetening added. Here are the ingredients: whole milk, soy lecithin,vitamin C (sodium ascorbate), iron (ferric pyrophosphate), zinc sulfate, vitamin A acetate, vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol)
12 x 1 cup servings = 3 quarts? But I feel like it goes a lot further. I use it to make soups creamy, to make hot chocolate richer etc.
The ones I received best before date is "oct 2014 " . I ordered on Dec 19,2013.
4 cans and each weighs 12.7 oz., I also was confused the first time I bought a (pack of #). If you look at product details section it will list the shipping weight as 3.8 pounds.
It's been a while........I don't have it anymore. So I can't say.
The last ones I bought have an expiration date of Dec, 2013.
I imagine that will vary with each order.
Received 12-15" Sago Palm. Beautiful!!!!!!!!!
The palm is about 6-8 inches. Probably about 8". It was in beautiful condition when it arrived and I'd still healthy.
Semi-grown, like in the photo.
Depends on environmental conditions. I only have to water it once a week. Just keep damp dont keep it too wet or the roots rot.
My palm tree is approx. 13-24" tall.. It DIED about 6mo. after I got it. I kept it and nurtured the bulb AND this spring it started growing again and at present time is looking beautiful.
4.5 inches by 4.5 inches
Christine, I use it on suede as well. For example, I soaked a pair of suede shoes in the rain. Used Bicks 5 on them and brought them back to life [like new]. The shoes were darkened a bit at first, but later returned to their original color. I love this stuff. Threw my Lexol leather treatment away when I found this.
I'm not sure I would use it for that purpose. I believe it's designed for leather boots, brief cases etc. Its more of a conditioner than a cleaner.
MLLeddy had originally recommended #4 for ostrich boots years ago. I've used #5 which has been a tad easier to apply. (I'd gotten #5 for use on a leather couch given a quilted button design.)
I use mine on an Italian leather sofa. I had a large pet stain (ashamed to admit) and this cleaned and conditioned the sofa beautifully. I can't imagine what would be different about the boots. It says on the bottle "condition, clean, polish and preserve all smooth finished leather"
Yes
No they will not make leather shiny. Very nice, non oily A's I use for all my non suede leather shoes, boots, jackets. It will not darken your leather.
The back of the bottle does not have an ingredient list or active agent list so I'm not sure. It does not have a strong smell though like alcohol products normally do.
Those exotics are usually bonded to leather. When you use the word "leather" in your question, that means cow hide. To the extent I can answer, I can only tell you I use it on Anteater boots, which again the exotic is bonded to leather, this product works just as intended. I have never used it on the exotics you describe, however.
I've never tried it on synthetics; good question. However, I really like 'Vinylex' by Lexol for viniyl and plastic [for example, works the best for car interiors, etc.].
berry: citric acid, taurine, glucuronolactone, sodium bicarbonate, sodium citrate, caffeine, acesulfame potassium, natural (mixed) berry flavors, sucralose, niacinamide (b3), calcium d pantothenate (b5), pyridoxine hcl (b6), silicon dioxide, fd&c red #40 & blue #1, folic acid (b9), cyanocobalamin (b12). strawberry: citric acid, taurine, glucuronolactone, sodium bicarbonate, natural and artificial strawberry flavors, sodium citrate, caffeine, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, niacinamide (b3), silicone dioxide, calcium d pantothenate (b5), pyridoxine hcl (b6), fd&c red #40, folic acid (b9), fd&c blue #1, cyanocobalamin (b12). orange: citric acid, taurine, glucuronolactone, sodium bicarbonate, sodium citrate, natural orange flavor, caffeine, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, niacinamide (b3), silicon dioxide, calcium d pantothenate (b5), fd&c yellow #5, pyridoxine hcl (b6), fd&c red #40, folic acid (b9), cyanocobalamin (b12).
80 mg caffeine per 8 fl. oz cup. The product, 140 or 350 pouches, are sold bulk, without a box. All flavors are out of stock right now. Would you like to be notified when restocked?
None
No. 3 lbs ones. Thanks, Alex.
Good Afternoon Bob, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. I am not sure were you read this information from, However our San Francisco Bay Coffee Whole Bean French Roast is not certified organic. If you have any more questions and/or concerns about our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com or our customer service phone at 916-258-8000.
I have no idea. The family-owned company that produces this coffee, Rogers Brothers Coffee, would probably be happy to answer this question.
Hi Mark D. - From the nutrition label on my jar it says: a serving size is 32grams (2 tablespoons) and contains 7g total carbs (2% DV). 3g fiber and 1g sugar. Hope this is helpful to you. Regards, Liza
I THINK it is 16 oz. Cupboard bare for now, so that's the best answer I can give you!
Yes there is oil. It settles at the top I just give it a stir. Very good.
according to the teddie web site (teddie.com), "Peanuts are a whole food that packs a lot of nutrition into just one serving. They are actually legumes (similar to beans, lentils, peas and soybeans), but are categorized with other "nuts" for the purposes of nutrition research and recommended dietary patterns. Peanuts are eaten like nuts as snacks and are included in the U.S. Dietary Guidelines and related dietary guidance represented in the "protein group," along with other types of nuts. Peanuts have more protein than other nuts and as much protein as beans. Peanuts added to the diet provide healthy plant protein that helps reduce blood pressure. as a plat food, peanuts bring added nutrition. Peanuts are a nutrient-dense protein bringing more nutrition than animal foods. Unlike animal foods, peanuts boost fiber in the diet. Peanuts have a number of bioactive components that are unique to plant foods such as phytosterols and resveratrol. These bioactives may prevent disease. Peanuts provide heart-healthy oils to the diet and are low in saturated fat and trans fat. (See more at: http://teddie.com/nut-facts/#sthash.Z7TZDKz7.dpuf)"
They are the intestines from a pig. Sounds gross but it makes for a great sausage!
Not sure what you mean by hand pulled, but they have been cleaned very well both inside and out. There are definitely whiskers on the exterior of the casings, this inno way detracts from their function and usually fall off while cooking. I have used several packages of these with a minimum of problems.
I never see an expiration date on them. They come tightly vac. packed. After opening, salt them down with non-iodized salt, wrap them up and keep them refrigerated. They last for years.
not likely to be consistent in size, but some will be 1&1/2. Make sure you soak them in warm water for at least 30 minutes, They will regain a little elasticity. Don't over stuff.
as long as you soak them properly first I have not had a problem, they get very pliable
The package I have in my freezer says product of the United States, packed in Mexico. This is probilly what entered the US under tariff classification 807, utilizing an American product, but the labor to sort and pack was done in Mexico at a lower labor rate and the Co that imports the finished product back into the US only pays duty on the value of the labor added to the product.
Yes
I really don't know, but each piece is quite long. The package says it is enough to make approx 25 lbs of sausage.
It will make at least 25 pounds, if not more.
Back of package says, product of usa, "but packed" in Mexico. Thanks
190 mg per 22 chips (1 oz)
I think it is a typo.... the other flavors that do not contain milk have it listed. I looked at everyone of their flavors and the only other ones listed that it contains milk are the obvious ones like the Sour Cream & Onion, Cheddar and Sour Cream...etc nice catch though.
Yes. ALL Popchips flavors are Certified Gluten-free.
They are packed very well. I buy these on subscription, so have received probably five cartons so far. Each bag is filled with air and packed well. No crushin' going on! Enjoy!
15-16 depending on flavor
This sounds like a Weightwatcher's question. There are about 18 chips in each bag. That's a 3 Points Plus value and worth every point.
3
They boil them in salt water until they pop
15
Perhaps it depends on which flavor you choose. I have not experienced such problems but I only eat the BBQ flavor. It does seem like the expiration date on these packages is EXTREMELY long.
I assume that you've already tried it by now, but if you haven't already the salt and vinegar chips is what it says I guess. The vinegar taste is strong, but not overly strong. If you had vinegar chips in the past, then I think you would like the popchips version. If you had vinegar chips in the past and didn't like it, I don't think the popchips version is going to change your mind for you.
Hmmm....must be that new math where you drop the decimal point completely out of the equation.
They were very well packaged with very little breakage.
Popchips 6-Flavor Variety Pack, 0.8-Ounce Single Serve Bags (Pack of 24)
Whoa whoa whoaaaa. Lays baked chips are no way a healthy food. They are just less unhealthy than regular oily chips. Either way I can still scarf down half of a family size bag in a day.
they arrived in a large pop chips box, along with my other boxes that month, in a very large box... felt like a russian doll of box-dom!!;-)
Since I am not an nutritionist, all I can tell you what is on the package: each bag has 100 calories, total of 3g of Fat, 0mg Cholesterol, 160mg Sodium, 180mg Potassium, 15g Total Carbohydrate, 1g dietary fiber, 2g sugar and 1g protein
gluten-free snackers of the world, rejoice. did you know that along with being free of cholesterol and saturated fats, all popchips flavors are also gluten-free? and we have the papers to prove it. all you ever wanted to know about the gluten-free certification is here. look for the gluten-free symbol on the back of bags in stores soon. i copied this info from their website
yes they are another bonus!
I believe so.
I choose to roast them, however they taste good raw, right out of the bag.
I don't believe so. I didn't reorder cause they were kinda stale.
As far as I know they are truly raw, but I cannot guarantee it, just being a customer like you.
Hi Zeroid, Darn, I did not keep the bag that they came in. I remember reading it on the package but do not have a clue what it said. It did not upset me...that is about all that I can tell you. John.
You should contact the seller. In my experience, raw nuts are never salted.
I do not recall seeing any claim regarding wheat and/or gluten.
I would say so...the label says per 2 TBS. of product, there is 63 calories, 1 gram is from carbs. One packet contains SIX servings of 2 TBS. each.
no it has Sodium Caseinate which is a milk deriviative
There should be no problem with that. I mix it in my hot coffee, and it works great as a creamer, and adds a bit of sweetness and coconut flavor. Enjoy!
I'm guessing it's about one year. I ordered this about six months ago and the use by date on the package shows Feb 2015.
If you're making it homemade, you can certainly add it to the yogurt after but I'm not sure it would work. here's a link that may help you: http://www.culturesforhealth.com/make-coconut-milk-yogurt-recipe.
For me, it did not actually dissolve in anything, even when left overnight. I believe there are too many solids which is why it is so grainy, and clumpy.
Should be. It is a lot.
It was less icy, more on the creamy side. The vanilla was creamier than the chocolate.
I have no idea. I use non-fat milk so I compared the calories to those listed on commercial non-fat ice cream packages found in the grocery store. The average was 80-90 calories per 1/2 cup serving(if you don't add in any goodies such as mini chocolate chips, cookie crumbles, etc.)
3/4 cup of heavy cream and 1 and 1/4 cup of milk. Here is a link to recipes with additional ingredients. http://www.junketdesserts.com/Junket.IceCreamMix.Recipes.pdf
I bought the 12 pack.
Not that I recall--but maybe if you shake it up!
8 oz
glass bottles
It's a twist off. These are the best!
I'm not certain but my guess is that since the valuation of the US dollar decreased, it gives other currencies greater buying power. Also since the article states that pecans are being exported to China, this serves as a way to "balance" the trade since we import A LOT OF STUFF from that country.
Sorry unable to help you out. They do not supply which orchard they were picked or where they are proccessed.
Yes, raw (and unsalted). We found them quite satisfactory, and we have had the best - from southern NM, in the past.
Yes. I use it for making gluten free bread ... there is a recipe on the sack that is quite good.
Yes, yeast can be used. They have a bread machine recipe on the side of the package and it uses a tablespoon of yeast. Of course, it will never be like wheat bread, but it works for us. It is a little bit "gummy" I think, but is pretty good when toasted and makes a good garlic bread in my toaster oven. Hope this helps. I love the oatmeal cookie recipe on the package and the banana bread recipe on the package turned out okay too.
How do you mean? I use the Perfect Flour blend with my pizza crust recipe and it is delicious. I also use this in my pancake and waffle recipes, and they (both) are phenomenal. Years ago, I began using the Namaste Foods Pancake and Waffle mix, which was the best and tastiest one I'd tried. Used that for several years, then braved my own recipes with the Perfect Flour Blend- I'll never use the package mixes again! In my current experience comparing home-made vs. just add oil and egg, there is a world of difference in taste, texture and appearance. Also, in converting one waffle recipe to gluten free, I found I had to add more flour to get it to cook through.
6/11/12 UPDATE: Regarding corn in xanthan gum: The microorganism that produces xanthan gum is actually fed a glucose solution that is derived from wheat starch. Gluten is found in the protein part of the wheat kernel and no gluten is contained in the solution of glucose. Additionally, after the bacteria eats the glucose, there is no wheat to be found in the outer coating that it produces, which is what makes up xanthan gum. The short answer here is, there is no corn used at all in the making of xanthan gum. From Bob's Red Mill home page. http://blog.bobsredmill.com/gluten-free/guar-gum-vs-xanthan-gum/
we only use it for bread. but I would be careful, read the ingredients for example xanthan gum might not go well in a pie crust. actually I think namast sells a gluten flour specific for crusts and similar (more expensive per oz).
Yes, but it also depends on what you are making. The Namaste website has recipes that you can use as a guide.
The label says "Non-GMO" and "all natural"; no mention of "organic"
Yes! I've even made muffins from a regular recipe and just subbed this one. They turn out great. My fave flour blend yet!
That is correct - one case, or six bags, each 3 pounds (48 ounces) in weight.
The flour is in a cellophane bag inside the paper bag and keeps for a long period of time.
Pure Cane Sugar
thebarecupboard does not ship internationally. Sorry
typically 4 to 5 business days.
Yes we do just go ahead and add it to the cart. Thanks Int.Food Mart
Free!
Like the advertisement says, this coke has real sugar in it, not high fructose corn syrup. Apparently Vons is just cheaper, I don't believe there is any added ingredients to this item.
Yes
From what I've seen, Mexican Coca Cola is made with cane sugar and not high fructose corn syrup. If you have an area Krogers store, they sell these bottles in the international food aisle. Sometimes if you watch for it, you can find Pepsi Throwback at the store, which is also made with cane sugar.
Yes.
The package doesn't list caffeine anywhere.
hello S. Tautkus-- We have F20-1033502-7100 Ghirardelli Premium Hot Cocoa - Double Chocolate which does not have hydrogenated coconut or other palm oils.
i make it with water and yes there are 12 in a box.
It's a box of 12 packets.
Yes. IF you have had it frozen. If not just check for bugs upon opening.
According to the manufacturer's website: INGREDIENTS: Enriched unbleached flour (wheat flour, niacin, reduced iron, thiamin mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid, malted barley flour, may contain enzymes, ascorbic acid), sugar, degermed yellow corn meal, canola or soybean oil, salt, leavening (sodium bicarbonate, sodium acid pyrophosphate), honey powder, xanthan gum.
I would try it, if once your 9 1/2 x 13 is filled enough for it to rise an inch or so, you should be safe, test to see if it is done after recommended time, you may need a few more minutes. Good luck, why mess up two pans when one should do.
No......it is strictly for the oven.............and it is delicious!
No clue...no Costco near us.
No it does not. It can be stored in your pantry until you are ready to cook it. As far as needing to refrigerate after it is cooked, you probably won't have any leftover.
Milk, vegetable oil and an egg. Easy!
Amazon contacted me, I didn't even know there are two labels, sorry I can't help. Try contacting Honeycup.
Probably if they are calling it Honeycup Mustard, I'd know if I tasted it--it's uniquely sharp unlike others on the market. Then again, maybe not because I don't believe they sell it.
typo
Call or write the manufacturer.
yes
I don't know the expiration, but I've had them in my cupboard for a few months and they still taste the same. They're the best instant gravy I've ever had. I used to buy them for a discount at the Hostess Bake Shop outlet, but since no more Hostess, this is one of the few ways I can still purchase.
Shortening powder (partially hydrogenated soybean oil, corn syrup solids, sodium caseinate, mono and diglycerides, sodium citrate, salt, dipotassium phospate, sodium silicoalumnate, soy lecithin), modified corn starch, enriched wheat flour (with niacin, reduced iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, folic acid), salt, spices, carmel color. Contains: milk, soy, wheat
Yes, you sure can. Enjoy!
Non gmo project verified
Mine is oct 14. I ordered at least 6 months ago.
Correct!
Yeah, I love this stuff too. As I recall, the picture did show the crimson but the written description stated Black Jewell. I received the Black when I ordered. Double check the written description, be sure it says black and you should be good to go. FYI, I've had both and like the black best.
Yes, it is delicious and it is black!!!
Just updated labels. Wondered about the difference, also. Same popcorn.
The packaging does not say
Mine did come in a glass bottle. Hope that helps.
I have a TREE OF LIFE'S bottle of BLACKSTRAP MOLASSES in front of me as I type. (It is a few years old.) There is no CERTIFIED NON-GMO label or any NON-GMO statement on the bottle. (I think I read that it does cost a lot of money for food companies to become NON-GMO CERTIFIED with a label; it is possible that some food companies with Non-GMO products have just chosen at this time not to become certified -- due to cash flow for some companies, perhaps.) For the list of the bottle's ingredients, TREE OF LIFE's label reads: "100% PURE BLACKSTRAP MOLASSES." "100% NATURAL" -- "UNSULPHURED" -- "PRESERVATIVE FREE." On the TREE OF LIFE Molasses' label, it states that if you have questions about the company and/or TREE OF LIFE products, you are invited to call their toll--free 800 telephone number in ST. AUGUSTINE FLORIDA: 1 -- 800 -- 223 -- 2910. They will be glad to give you the answer to your NON-GMO question. Also, their website is www.treeoflife.com
The link provided by kit2 below is no longer functioning. I did find their updated statement on their website if you copy the link I've put on here and google it, the company has a FAQ statement that will enable you to get the full testing process question answered satisfactorily. "Our president and founder Bill Carvalho has written an informative document regarding radiation in Wild Planet products." Please see this link for a pdf of this document: Wild Planet Radiation Statement. - See more at: http://www.wildplanetfoods.com/faqs/#sthash.abEx5DXm.dpufon Once you click on it, scroll all the way down to the bottom to see the specific radiation question answered.
I doubt it but can't 'guarantee' it. On the can, the only ingredients listed are tuna and sea salt. I have been eating Wild Planet for quite some time and trust its purity and the honesty of their labeling.
268mg per serving Here's the nutrition label: http://www.wildplanetfoods.com/store/media/catalog/product/s/k/skipjacknutrn.jpg
Absolutely BPA free. Can actually says it, and you can verify by calling Wild Planet customer service at 800.998.9946. I buy several cases each year.
Most likely, but that's just a guess. I only open a can about every 2 weeks or less. This is the best tuna by far in a can.
A pack consists of twelve cans of tuna. Unlike cans of regular tuna in a grocery store the weight is solid tuns as opposed to a lot of water.
Not that I know of. It's extremely rare, if not impossible, for canned tuna to ever be recalled. Bacteria can't be a threat from canned foods. The only time in history that canned tuna fish were ever recalled was many years ago when Chicken of the Sea Chunk Light Tuna was recalled because a few of their tuna cans had leaky seals. The problem was quickly corrected.
Yes, I have had mine over for over a month and it was still good.
It is just another species of tuna, lighter in color.
The "Best Buy" date is stamped on the lid of the can.
Here is what the allergy warning on my bag says: "this product contains wheat, soy, and eggs. Manufactured in a facility that may produce products containing other allergens such as: dairy, corn, peanuts, and tree nuts." I hope this helps!
It's difficult for me to remember but I'll hazard a guess of 10 - 15 per bag . They were individually wrapped which worked out well for us. I recall ordering a box full of them and thus we had more than we needed. Hope that this helpful. The product was well made as far as I could tell.
Yes
Yes and they are tasty!
12. I just counted. Hope it helps.
Should come with 1+ year
A lot! There are 658g of formula. A scoop is 2.6g and makes 2 oz of prepared formula. This means there are 153 oz of formula per container. There 6 containers for a total of about 918 oz to the case. About 120 six- ounce bottles or 100 eight-ounce bottles.
2016.5.1
Not sure for 1 year, but so far 6 lasts us about 1 month for our 2 month old baby.
Yes, it is.
I brought it last month&#65292;the exp date is 2016 Jan.
The Organic version is made without the use of pesticides, genetic engineering, and so on. This might be helpful to you: http://www.organic.org/home/faq
March, 2016
1MAR2016
no difference between them&#65292;just for advertising.
Its threaded
I don't think so. The stand is too big.
Yes
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
Yes, it does. I'm reading it right off the label.
the package says that they are marked in grams
The size of the bag 3.25
Yes. I recieved 3.25 oz bags.
I don't know. I sent them to my grandson. He did say they were really good and that they were fresh.
Packaged in the USA
Maybe it's the MSG...
I think they mean that the beef is 100% beef. Similarly, I presume that the water is 100% water, the sugar 100% water, the corn syrup 100% corn syrup, etc. Apparently, the salt is only 2% salt; I don't know what the other 98% of the salt is; nor do I do I know the constituent percentages of the soybeans, salt, and wheat that comprise the dried soy sauce.
whattt no answer yet ? my fav is to trim all his hair off his body and make ah coat out of it.
It does say sodium nitrates on pkg.
I do not know the caffeine content but I do know this is a great strong coffee. Two mugs in the morning and I stop as it has me going strong. I get this coffee every month because I enjoy it so much.
I would avoid any coffee that has an expiration date. ALWAYS buy your fresh roasted coffee beans with a 'Roasted on' date. Freshly roasted coffee only has a shelf life of about 3 weeks. The beans will off gas as well so the packaging needs to have a one way vent (allows off gasses to escape but prevents oxygen from entering). If you are buying your coffee with an expiration date, you are buying old stale coffee, 100% guaranteed. Do a little research.
No
Whole bean
Not this Coffee. It was kick ass full of flavor and Giddy Up!!
You will get two tins of 12.3 oz each. I have this on subscribe and save because I love it so much.
My order came in 2 tins.
well you go to this site and ask i guess
This is about the same price in our local grocery store. I hate going to the store so if it is about the same price I prefer to just order it online instead of going to the store.
Shipping a single container of cheap coffee is actually somewhat expensive. It would be more economical to purchase this from a grocery store, as they have the luxury of buying these products in bulk.
I would say two months. Easy.
Hi its a plant,two edged leaves that produces Berries also known as Goji berries;; GREAT food for anyone. Denny
Dear friend, Maybe the system went wrong at that moment. Of course, you can order 2 or 4 pounds, and the 2 pounds price is the price of one bag, 4 pounds price is the price of 2 bags, it shouldn't be $ 900. Please try again or contact customer service at Amazon.
Hi; if you see the organic certified logo on the package that means its regestered as such but if no logo it is not. Buy at your own risk A lot of co.s are using "organic' to sell their products.Some are made in Mexico, and China Hope this helps
They are dehydrated.
I use them directly out of the bag. I have never washed them and they are good.
Angelica, My package of Tradition Pure Green Tea Powder lists "Ingredient: Tea Leaves." My understanding is that Matcha tea is Japanese and is powdered Japanese Gyokuro Imperial tea leaves (which I have as leaf tea as well). I have compared the Matcha tea from Teavana (now a subsidiary of Starbucks) with other green tea powders from Taiwan and Korea. All are satisfactory, but the imperial Matcha (ceremonial green tea) from Teavana is the smoothest and most elegant in flavor. I also get regular whole leaf Sencha green tea at my Teavana supplier and it is the Sencha not grown in the shade. Wikipedia has an extensive article on the varieties of Sencha. I hope this helps! Nancy
Yes, about 7.5/serving.
Made in Taiwan. Ingredients: green tea leaves. I was trying to mimick the Starbucks green tea latte (but with way less sugar). This worked for me. This was also the only brand I tried so far
No
once i received notification of your question i reread the leaflet that came with my order...according to the leaflet it is 100% natural...4 calories per serving...0% fat...less than $0.99 per serving...has no food coloring...no msg...no artificial sweeteners and no preservatives. but they make no mention of gmo...sorry...wish i could have been of some help. :)
376 calories 2g fat 0 sugar 6.2 g sodium 66.5 carbs 23g protein
You need to add some stevia if your watching your sugar intake. Or make up some simple syrup to it. (you can make a batch and keep it in the fridge) It's bitter and drinking it straight is not going to taste good.
I'm not sure. But we did switch to a different kind; Vita Life Brand Matcha Green Tea Powder, 10.58oz. - has a less bitter, smoother taste. Not sure about any pesticide problems, though.
No, it isn't.
I can answer you in 7 days . I am out home
Yes
Their official website has nutrition info here: http://enjoylifefoods.com/our-food/chewy-bars/chewy-bars-cocoa-loco/
Its 6 boxes of 5
Brown Rice Flour, Brown Rice Syrup, Rice Starch, Evaporated Can eJuice, Natural Process cocoa Powder, Vegetable Glycerin, Expeller-Pressed Vegetable Oil (Safflower Oil and/or Sunflower Oil), Chocolate Chips (Evaporated Cane Juice, Chocolate Liquor, Non-Dairy Cocoa Butter), Sorghum Flour, Water, Sunflower Seed Butter (Roasted Sunflower Kernel, Evaporated Cane Juice, Salt), Baking Soda, Vanilla, Ground Flaxseed. Vitamins and Minerals: Niacin, (Vitamin B3), Riboflavin (Vitamin B2), Vitamin B6, Thiamin (Vitamin B1), Folate.
They were 110 but at some point went to 120. So it'll be one of those two.
It's very small. Should work.
I live in New York , I leave the palm outside for the summer and bring it in for the winter , grows very slowly , lots if light , water twice month that's it
one palm, four fronds, but I'm not sure if that was the original amount because we've had it for awhile now. As long as the fronds aren't yellow, white or dying, two is just how many yours has, it will get more, I believe over time...
Two of the stalks were spiraled and the other 5 were straight. I think the one they shipped me looks better than the one they have pictured.
Pretty much so. It is held together with a rubber band for shipping purposes. You just take off the rubber band and remove the plastic bag which holds the water/ solution and add water to the ceramic box, place it where it can get some type of sunlight and that's it. I have several and they are placed in my bathroom where the only window is behind the shower curtain. I open up the shower curtain every morning that I can remember. It's been working for well over a year now!! Plant has grown and is in great shape. I hope this has helped.
Not sure. Mine died a week later. It would of been helpful if this product came with "care instructions"
I water mine every day with regular water from a drinking cooler in the office. I tried giving it some 'bamboo food' that I bought off of Amazon but I did not see a difference.
Don't be upset when you see the roots in the "squishy" stuff. It is all good. I filled my pot with little black pebbles I picked up somewhere. I wait until the top pebbles are dry and then water it. That works really well for me. Too much water may cause the leaves to get brown or yellow. It likes indirect sunlight. Sometimes too much light will also cause the stems to discolor. Needs very little attention.
Nope it doesn't come w anything. You have to just buy some little stones.
I opened a can in December 2013 and now I'm not sure I should use the rest of it now in mid-March, even for myself. The powder looks fine but I wonder if it would make me sick. It is an expensive product and I don't want to throw it away.
You can mix it with water or milk. Mixing it with milk will make it thicker. But other than that no issues.
It is for children 1 to 13 years of age, per the website http://www.naturesone.com/pediasmart-dairy/nutrition-facts/
This price is listed on Amazon when the item is purchased.
Hello, We do restock regularly, so please keep an eye out for this to become available again soon. Thank You, Customer Service
No. It doesn't contain DHA.
From the website the mixing instructions would provide 7 8 oz portions. So at one serving a day one can would be one week.
Hi, we have been using Pedia Smart for a year for one of our twins that required a higher calorie formula. Yes, the product is a light brown in color. It does have a stronger smell than other formulas. The company, Nature's One has excellent customer service and you can contact them with any questions, they are amazing people. I mix this formula in an 11 ounce Avent bottle, 7 ounces of water and 3 scoops of formula. I find that if I stir it first and then shake it mixes really well. We love this product!
Yes. the chocolate flavor is much cheaper, 13-14 a can. the beat value is the 6 pack for 85 of vanilla.
Pouches indicates more than one. But when I ordered this a while back it was 1 pouch. hope that helps.
Not sure since I have not tried but I do not see why not? It comes as a powder so it should be easy to work with.
I use it as a herbal extract for the cancer fighting ellagic acid that it contains. I fell it would be excellent and healthy for baking, also.
I don't know. The product is a very nice powder, and I love the flavor it adds to my smoothies and fruit salads. I get a new package every couple of months. I love it!
Two tablespoons contain 60 calories and no fat. Pomegranate is a superfood containing phytonutrients, antioxidants, ellagic acid, tannins and anthocyanins - all strong free radical fighters to help protect against cellular damage. Take this superfood and just skip a slice of bread.
No, the only ingredient is "certified organic pomegranate powder (punica granatum". It is, however, "packaged in a facility that also handles tree nuts".
2 Tbsp = 1 serving. About 15 servings in one package.
Diane, not to familiar with this particular product, what I have listed is the only one I have, so I am not sure if this is the one you are looking for!. Hope I assisted you in answering your question. Thank you. Victoria Savings in Store
The package states 6. The one I bought was less but was smaller bottles. My grandson loves them.
Hi it does not need to be refrigerated, but is much better cold. Each package has the expiration date on them.
Yes
My sister in law does it for her two year old and it works just fine. He loves it! My kids prefer water.
No carageenan on the ingredient list.
I've already used mine, so I can't refer to them. However, I too would order about 3-4 cans at a time and never had an issue with the expiration date approaching in a short amount of time before I could use all of the cans I purchased.
Yes, It recommends 12+ months because they support breastmilk as the primary source of nutrition for any baby under 1yr old.
Last I recall is a few months. Like mine now are June/July, I'm pretty sure. My Wegmans carries Baby's Only now but only the soy and dairy versions, not LactoRelief.
I always keep my distilled water at room temperature and then shake, I've never had an issue of clumping.
I would think you would get new formula. I don't see why you would get sent older formula. I haven't had to order from them in a while and it's actually cheaper to order it directly from the company instead of amazon.
84 fluid ounces according to the can
Nope kids teeth are all white. And have been using this formula for a while.
It does not. You can add DHA. Baby's only makes one to be added or alternatively you can buy some at a health food store. Some people believe the DHA that it is big name brand formula is potentially unsafe due to it being manufactured from algae vs. fish oil.
The ones i received don't expire until 2015
Yes, Delphia, we do ship to Hawaii! How much will it be? Simply put your order together and see what it will be before you enter payment information. That is the best way to discover your shipping charges.
Here I try to answer your question. According my experience you can make 31drinks with this product. It also depends what you like to mix with. Every morning I use one spoon (4g) Matcha powder to make 8oz drink with milk and use a blender to mix them and add a little honey.
My husband researched this & said they are pure .
Very green. For tea, yes. For ice cream, you can find tons of recipes on YouTube.
Yes, it's just the green tea and nothing else.
It is from Taiwan. It's definitely NOT like 100% Japanese Matcha.
Just put 1/3 to 1/2 tea spoon powder mixed with little hot water to melt the powder in a cup then u can add milk and honey. Heat it up. I like to add almond milk since it's slightly sweet already. The more powder you add the rich of the green tea taste. I recommend to try 1/3tsp first and add more as needed
Yes. It's right one for ice cream and cakes.
No, it is just the green tea powder. You will have to add your own sweetener.
Yes they do but it is not for like a year I bought them and loved them and when I get more money I am ordering more
About five inches
According to the bag: roughly 684 worms. Products like this are packaged by weight, not count, so it won't be exact.
Dont buy them it's the cheap version and not sugared... I threw up once I ate these
No, it is not resealable.
All rice is GF unless something with gluten is added.
It is Black when raw, and purple when cooked.;-)
The packaging is different from the "Lotus Foods Forbidden Rice" I purchased. What I purchased was wonderful. I do not know this packaging. The packaging with the Fu Dog is what I would recommend.
When cooked it is a very dark purple color.
Product of China info@lotusfoods.com
I received 12 bags of the rice with this order
It's one 15 oz bag, Damon. Hope this helps!
I don't think so.
It was already ground.
One pack with 12 different flavors..
These are not decaf.
Hi Brett, Unfortunately this item is not available as K-cups.
EACH PACKET MAKES 8 CUPS A FULL POT.
I don't know. I bought mine a long time ago and used it. Hmm, I'm not even sure how to find out. They are usually at least a year away.
Hmm, no clue and I no longer have the box. Maybe you could Google it.
It is neither too heavy nor big. The specs should be on the product page. No more than 12 20 inches would be my guess.
I don't know. But since the quality and freshness was not up to par, I would look elsewhere. Check out "illy" at illyusa.com and coffeeam.com A couple of my favorites.
Not listed on pkg
6 bars per package. And very good when warmed up.
Judging from what the listing states, I assume you get 6 boxes of 6 bars, or a total of 36 bars. That is a very good deal as it is near the normal price for 3 boxes. Sorry I can't be more positive but I can only go on what that listing says. Each one is different and every seller sets their own price and quantity. Good luck.
1 serving is for 1 "mate" (size of a cup of tea) full in its 3/4 size. Then tou can drink almost 1/3 Gallon with 1 serving, using a "bombilla" to drink it. The bombilla acts as both a straw and a sieve. The submerged end is flared, with small holes or slots that allow the brewed liquid in, but block the chunky matter that makes up much of the mixture. to drink it. Also you can drink a Mate a a tea, and only use a same amount (1 teaspoon) for a cup of tea. To better understand, find "mate" in Google.
its all ground up like loose tea leaves
There is a freshness date :-)
No is not
This one is not smoked.
Months
This is a green tea that can be bought loose as I have with this particular package (or bag) and it also comes in teabags as Lipton and/or Louzianne. Smoke? you will get a terrible headache, have you tried smoking Lipton Tea?
As fat as I know there is nothing added to the YM. Any sugar in this product - and I don't recall any - would be natural from the plant.
That all depends on how small your pool is. If it is as small as your mind a 1/4 Tsp. should do it. Haha !
The nutrition facts on the label say 5 calories per serving (1/2 tsp makes 1/2 cup serving). That seems a little light to me, so I mix 3 Tbsp with 4 cups, usually blueberry or carrot juice, which yields a nicely firm result.
The can lists the ingredients as "gelatin" but doesn't tell the source. The company should tell you. Knox Unflavored Gelatine is distributed by Kraft Foods Global, Inc. of Northfield, Il.60093-2753, USA
as far as I know, NO, although, I can't be sure, sorry!!!
they vary from when you buy them but mines does not expire til 2017
This type of gelatin can be used as an additive to add to drinks to strengethem your nails and improve skin.. its pure collagen protein which is essential for bone and joint health as well.. I put some in my protein drink..This is not sweet like " jello" ... but yes you can make your own jello from scratch and add natural sweeteners yourself.. . Here is a link I found. http://www.mamanatural.com/how-to-make-healthy-jello/ They are trying to push the more expensive gelatin in that link but stick to Knox its fine I use it and get great results.. Good luck
worst get great lakes collegan this knox will upset stomach
I got some from a friend that was pretty old - 5 to 10 years old. It was OK. I also learned recently that it is made from the skin of butchered animals. I use it to grow stronger nails. Just remember to melt it in COLD WATER! before trying to mix it into a hot drink.
It is natural gelatin only.............
Because their is no flavoring there is no sweetener at all...no aspartame or sugar.
Yes, instead of salt, they must dust them with crack. I can't seem to get enough! &#128077;
They did not seem to be. Very fresh, raw, sweet taste!
nothing else as far as I know
I don't think it needs it. I put it in the fridge as soon as I got it though. by the way, it is very good. I will buy it again.
I've not tried both, but I have to say that the Volpi was a really good buy. It's not a Parma or a Serrano, but it's a third of the price and, for everyday use, it is really pretty good
get a prosciutto knife, worth every penny, also great for cutting fish.
No
I keep these nuts in a tupperware container so I no longer have the original packaging for the expiration date. However, I have ordered these nuts before and they have been fresh for months when kept in the sealed container.
No they are not
There from USA,CA. And they are unsalted and fresh raw nuts !
I don't know about being pasturized. They are somewhat roasted.
yes
Would average about 3 months 6 months of purchase... I bought them for work so I don't have to buy lunch at work...
Well 50 cartons would come to approximately 80 pounds just the packages alone. Pringles Original Flavored Potato Chips - 32 Individual Packs Snack ...
If your asking about the Pringles ,they stay fresh for at least a month.
Yes! As long as it is to be shipped within the U.S. Thank you for asking! We look forward to working with you.
I was given a choice of having them all individually wrapped or not, for no extra charge! I got all of my individually wrapped and they turned out great!
Thank you for your inquiry. We can do this, yes, however it normally costs a little extra for this service. Since you so politely inquired, we would be happy to include the cookie separation 30/30 service for free with your first purchase. Thanks and we look forward to working with you throughout the customization process.
Yvonne S: Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately our email system was down when this question notification was originally sent. We apologize for the delay in our response. Even though we ask for approx 2 weeks+ advance order for the customization process, we are able sometimes to set the order to a higher priority to get the cookies to you in your requested time frame. Please don't hesitate to send us a direct message or phone us at 206-240-9225 with your special inquiry.
Thank you for your inquiry, Steven N. We basically can make ANY amount of characters fit, however for proper spacing, we believe 50-75 (or less) characters (including spaces) tends to look best. We can adjust font size and use the full space of the fortune, so depends also if you are incorporating any pictures or logos. Thanks! - Jen at Greenfire Fortune Cookies
It's dried and will last a long time if kept in the original bag with all the air removed.
To the best of my knowledge it is organic.
IT is for cooking/making dips/Shaking over Fish and/or Potatoes and other veggies/ IF U like dill, then this is a great buy/great brand/ Much fresher and less $$$$s than you pay for a tiny jar in the spice section of stores/
I don't know if it's imported or from where, but if you go to the Frontier website (type Frontier herbs into the Search box), you can information about their sustainable programs and such. I've been buying Frontier herbs and spices in bulk for a number of years now, and I've always been very pleased with the quality. The dillweed is a bright, dark green, unlike the dillweed I've seen in bottles in grocery stores. The flavor is great, and I use it in all sorts of recipes. I hope this helps!
These are GARBAGE if you are looking for P. Som unwashed! Go with "Food to live".. they take 4-5 days to get to me but well worth it.. Give HIGH remarks.. VERY HIGH.
My "friend" tells me no, not lately...10 yrs. ago, yes -- He says it used to be "re-habit" forming it was so good... Starwest Botanicals occasionally has some so-so product. Kind of a crap shoot. Have you tried kratom? Some people actually prefer it. Just a thought...
VERY WASHED!! I would recommend "Food-To-Live" poppy seeds... best on Amazon and I would HIGHly recomend..
yes it is 100% cocoa.
Yes, it was Frontier brand, sold at Whole Foods store.
Yes the only ingredient is Cocoa
Hello! Thank you for your question. Unfortunately, we are unsure of where the cocoa beans are sourced. We expect that this product has been tested by Frontier Naturals in their independent labs and in third party labs for cadmium and any other harmful materials as all of our suppliers are required to abide by cGMP guidelines, however for more information in regards to your questions, we encourage you to contact Frontier Naturals directly. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. We hope this information is helpful! If we can assist you with anything further, please let us know! Jenna G. Swanson Health Products
yes
Its cocoa powder and thus it's peanut free, unless processed on a machine that does peanuts. If you aren't comfortable call Frontier Co-op Phone: 800-669-3275 7:00a.m.- 6:00p.m. Central Time, Monday - Friday or you can email them, they are very, very prompt at replying. email: customercare@frontiercoop.com
I have a few gluten free recipes that specify Dutch processed and a few that say NOT dutch processed. I just follow thier lead
I am also curious to find unprocessed raw chocolate powder (butter) to make my own chocolate. so far none :(
Yes
The seeds are very clean but I do not know if they are irradiated. I usually put the seeds in a mug and pour boiling water over them to make fennel tea, so the heat would kill any bacteria. I put the fennel in soups and on pizza as well.
Good question. Wish I had looked into that.
It's really not that expensive. If you price them at the grocery store you will see what a good deal this is. Imagine how many seeds you get in a pound; A LOT! I bought these about a year ago and we use them quite often in various recipes and I still have plenty left. It's a very good deal really and I would order again; hope this helps you.
Hey, we are not mind readers here. I don't live in California and have no idea about what you're really talking about. If you were more clear perhaps one of us out-of-staters could help you.
They have an anise flavor and are very small. Fennel seed are used in Italian sausage. They're not poisonous but They are bitter if you chew on them in their raw state.
Yes, gluten free and high quality.
To the best of my knowledge, fennel seeds are gluten free. Check google info on fennel seed.
I use it raw in tuna salad sandwiches and feta salads. I crush the seeds (as they are) with a pestle and throw them in with the mayonnaise, pickles, onions and tuna or the spinach, onions, olives, feta, etc.. Some cooks saut there spices/seeds in a little oil to help 'bloom' the aroma and flavors. This is common in Asian Indian cooking. Fennel seeds are often used in Italian cooking as well. What kind of soup are you pursuing? My suggestion is to U-tube that soup being made. Best wishes.
I just checked this. It says china. I can't believe I didn't research it because I endeavor to never buy anything sourced in china. I guess this one slipped through. I do like the ginger it's a good price but I won't buy it again if its always been sourced in china. Here's a link for all country of origin frontier spices. https://crc.frontiercoop.com/brochures/high/FB_Catalog_Bulk_Products_Origins_Final.pdf
I have bought this twice now, since I use a lot of ginger. It comes in mylar type packaging and is very fresh. I don't know about freezing, but I fill up some spice bottles, then wrap a rubber band around the remaining, put it in a freezer-type baggie with air expelled, and store it in a cool dry pantry, and it loses very little flavor over a 4 to 6 month period.
Sulfites are used as food preservatives and anti-clumping agents. Non-sulfited means that the product does not contain added sulfites, which is important for people with sulfite food sensitivity. It also means that it will clump a little bit.
Package says that it is non- irradiated and non sulfited, but does not give specifics on process. Need to go to Frontiercoop.com for further info.
According to what is stated in the shipping description it says "only shipped within US" so that means it is in the US. Don't know which State.
I put it in airtight container. I froze one bag.
It is not organic. I will work on having this corrected.
I checked on one of the packages, and I don't see a country of origin. I liked the flavor when used as a spice, though. Sorry I couldn't be more help, though I would be interested if someone has the answer.
No
I suspect the fresh form is better but most people will want to purchase the ground form. Easier to use and they will not have to grow it in their back yard. It may not degrade much from being ground and stored because evidently the health benefits remain after cooking. This particular brand is not as processed as some others that I have used -- it is coarser and softer and slightly moist. I have read that carrots and garlic become healthier if you dice them more finely. This may be a nice compromise between the raw root and the finely ground dry powders that I often find. This is my favorite brand so far. I want to start gardening but not waste time on turmeric as long as I can get this brand from Amazon.
I would suggest you contact the customer service group for the the seller. I've spoken with them myself and found them to be quite forthcoming with information. I suspect though that they purchase product from several companies and countries.
I bought it for my daughter-in-law. She grinds it in a magic bullet type blender into a powder. I would think you could put it into capsules.
I do not have this package any more. I know the Frontier Coop has valerian root (cut and sifted) from Bulgaria and powdered from USA. I hope it helps.
yes, you may need a coffee grinder... I encapsulate mine :-)
These are finely diced, dried roots. It's not powdered. I use it to make tea :)
Probably easier to buy the powder which is also available on Amazon.
About 16 teaspoons.
This is a loose leaf tea, but it is finer than the average chai loose leaf. (definitely not powder)
Not at all. You can't really taste the cinnamon. This tea makes a great iced chai too. Better than Starbucks! :-)
It's a pound of tea or 454 grams. A heaping teaspoon weighs 3 grams, so 150 cups of tea or so.
yes, on the bag I received.
No it is not because it contains black tea!
I use an empty 8oz plastic parmesan jar filled with chives on the table (the holes in the lid are large) put the rest in the freezer until needed. I have done this almost a year now, works well for us.
I put mine in a gallon glass jar, and refill the small jar from the gallon jar.
On the package it says Norway, Iowa
This is cassia cinnamon. Cinnamoma burmanii, in fact. Still very good IMO, but if you're looking for actual cinnamon, this isn't it.
Yes
I estimate there are about 100 sticks in the bag. There are 6-7 sticks per ounce. Figuring 16 ounces times 6 sticks per ounce yields 96 sticks. I hope this helps!
yes to the best of my knoledge
It can be grated. I am unsure how difficult or easy it would be to do so in bulk, but if you wanted it powdered it would be fresher if you ground just what you needed.
I froze the bulk of the package, and previous purchase kept for over a year. I keep about 20 in a jar at a time, in my desk, and will split in half lengthwise to add to coffee. It works for me, and seems fresh until all sticks are consumed. Hope this answer helps.
I've had them for about 9 months and they are still good. I use them once in a while and so far I haven't had any problems as far not being potent.
It's really Chinese Cassia cinnamon: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamomum_cassia
These are the real Jelly deal. I have eaten Jelly Belly's for many years - I would know an imposter. These are really good and fresh. I think to carry the Jelly Belly logo - it has to be okayed by the original Jelly Belly.
We keep ours in a clear dispenser that is styled after a gumball machine. In fact, we empty the whole four pounds into the dispenser. It does not seal the air out by any means, and it exposes the beans to light. While in the dispenser, it takes several months for us to consume all the beans. During the course of these months, I have not noticed any change in the color, taste, or texture of the beans. I have never thought they tasted "stale." This suggests to me that they last (at least) several months. Based on my observations, I would not be surprised if they lasted over six months. Of course, individual experiences may vary due to different environments.
If your asking about the buttered popcorn flavor the answer is yes this item has that flavor
there are no Chili Mango flavored included in the 4lb Kirkland assortment
About every flavor I have ever tried is in there and not one tastes bad or weird. They are all sweet and nothing weird. Everything from popcorn to orange, to coffee, chocolate, all the fruits etc. and cinnamon. Definitely nothing nasty. We loved it. And they are real Jelly Belly. Great
I don't remember 100% for sure but I don't think so. I think it had a label that showed which flavors were included but not a guide to mixing them like some of the other samplers and bags do.
No there were not
Hi Diane, I don't recall looking to see how many there were in the bucket, but I think you would have enough with this jar.... there were a TON of jelly beans.
YES IT IS A 4LB CONTAINER.
Yes. It is the same as what Costco sells.
75 for the regular 35 for the light
The nutrition label says 11.8g carbs, 46 calories per 8 oz. serving (2 per bottle). The sweetener is fructose. I can't speak to other tonics as I've only compared them to other ginger beers, against which this product is far superior in flavor. It's much less sweet tasting, not cloying like soda, which is my personal preference, as well as lower in calories. Those are the reasons I buy it and feel it's worth the price. I get 2-3 Moscow Mules out of one bottle. Hope that helps.
I haven't tried it, but my friend Di wasn't crazy about it. Regular Fever Tree tonic DOES NOT contain hight fructose corn syrup so it already contains a lot less calories than the inferior imposters. Try both regular and light, no matter which you choose I can guarantee that you will NEVER drink bad tonic again!
I searched for and purchased a case of Fever-Tree Tonic Water. I had Bert's Gin & Tonic at a P.F Chang's restaurant. It was absolutely the best drink I've had in quite awhile. Made with Bombay Sapphire gin, fresh citrus, star annise alongside a small bottle of Fever-Tree premium tonic water. I didn't know Fever-Tree even made Ginger Beer until I saw the reviews.
20.5 per 100 ml. Approximately 41 per 6.8 oz bottle. Pretty good eh?
One bottle says "sugars 17g" That seems like a lot for such a small bottle. I wonder if it is right. This is not a sugary beverage by any means.
Not sure, It didn't last that long. It goes well with bourbon for bourbon & gingerale. It's quality stuff, wouldn't surprise me if there was an expiration date just for quality control.
They require an opener.
It can be ordered on subscribe and save.
No. It uses pure cane sugar.
The only pork rinds that have MSG are the BBQ kind. These have pork and salt. The Hot and Spicy has Chili Powder and Paprika. See UTZ web link https://www.utzsnacks.com/products/porkrinds.html Most BBQ snack foods have msg and cheetos and funyons, Doritos BBQ chips etc. Its good if you like spicy that the UTZ spicy doesn't have msg.
I only got one tub. I was disappointed. Not only did they seem over priced but they didn't taste very good either. I don't plan to buy these again. You'd probably be better off just going to the local grocery and picking up a bag. I hope this helps.
There are listings for 2 and 4 tubs, but this one is one tub for $15.28.
I have no idea but there is a number you can calll 1-800-FOR-SNAX or email them at www.utzsnacks.com.
they are not a low sodium food
It's for 4 barrels, it comes in a massive box
The only ingredients listed on the 18oz barrel are: pork rinds, salt.
I don't still have the tub and label, but I am almost sure they are not fried in lard. You could google Utz and their web site will most likely inform you. They are really good and I had to make myself back off for a while.
Thomas, I'm going to forward this question to my son, he's the one who actually made the clam chowder
Sorry, not sure. Doesn't it list the size of the can? These are supersized. We usually use one can for a large batch of chowder.
I don't know the facts about them, but I can tell you we returned them due to the taste being horrible.
Sorry, no idea.
Yes, it does contain corn starch. I just checked the label.
Want Baking Powder without added corn starch? It's so easy to make your own baking powder you'll wonder why you ever bought it prepared. How to make it If your recipe calls for... 1 tsp. of baking powder, add instead 1/2 tsp. cream of tartar and 1/4 tsp. baking soda. 1 1/2 tsp. of baking powder, add instead 3/4 tsp. cream of tartar and 3/8 tsp. baking soda (1/4 plus 1/8 tsp.). To make a large batch of baking powder, mix cup starch (arrowroot or tapioca) with cup of baking soda and cup of cream of tartar. The starch is very important! Otherwise you get concrete. Keep in a sealed jar or Tupperware. 1 tsp. mix equals 1 tsp. baking powder.
It appears to be about 2 years. Of course that depends on the one you get.
According to the label, it does not.
Ingredients: sodium acid pyrophosphate, sodium bicarbonate, corn starch, monocalcium phosphate. Gluten free, aluminum free.
Reading from the back of the box...Serving size 15 crackers, Calories 140, Total Fat 5g, Sat Fat 0.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Cholesterol 0mg, Sodium 110mg, Total Carb 20g, Dietary Fiber 2g, Sugars 0g, Protein 3g. Ingredients: brown rice meal, sesame seeds, potato starch, quinoa seeds, safflower oil, flax seeds, amaranth seeds, tamari soy sauce powder (tamari soy sauce soybeans, salt), maltodextrin (corn), salt. Contains SOY.
The box has 2 bags in it with loose pack crackers. The crackers themselves are really good, crunchy and hold up well in the packaging. There are a few that are broken up, but not many. I love them.
It was an oversight on my part to not notice that. I have gotten them at Sam's Club also, so you might compare the two prices.
110 mg in the Original and 90 mg in the rosemary and olive. .
Reading from the label; brown rice flour, sesame seeds, potato starch, quinoa seeds, safflower oil, flax seeds, amaranth seeds, tamari soy sauce powder, soy sauce maltodextrin, and salt
Don't really know. I don't count carbs and simply find these delicious. I find that avoiding wheat works better for me than avoiding carbs!
I just bought a new box and the box says No GMO ingredients.
No; sugar is listed as the fourth ingredient. However, these are some of the best biscuits I've ever tasted!
Someone appears to have done a poor job on the description, the True Lemon *lemon* should just be *lemon*. If you take a close look at the images you can see the ingredient list. The True Lemon brand also produces a lemon, garlic, and cilantro version, which I have not tried, among other things. The regular, lemon-only, True Lemon stuff is just lemon, and I've been occasionally using it to make lemonade. Based on other info here on Amazon, if you're not putting it into things that will be cooked, get the packets or maybe the small shaker bottles (see comments on the 10.6 oz shaker bottles). There's some indication that there's a difference between the large and small package contents.
I got lemon.
I use as lemon juice all the time - just mix with enough water to make it the strength that you want and it dissolves nicely.
The lemon one is not. The orange and lime ones do have crystallized sugar, though.
I tried it in plain water and it's no good. Only for cooking. Try the True Lemon crystallized packets. My last order was for 500 lemon and 500 lime. They work great for what you are looking for.
Yes, it does. The product is similar in texture to Splenda. It dissolves and leaves no residue or specks like actual lemon peel or zest does. I use in beverages, soups, sauces and baked goods. I also like buying this in packets to keep in my purse to use when going out rather than trusting a lemon slice that has been sitting around uncovered to touched by hands that may not be clean. I'm very glad to have found this product.
The packaging says it s made in the US.
Personally, I would not, because this is a powder for flavoring and does not have the texture of lemon zest. If you don't want to zest a fresh lemon skin, which is easy to do and very flavorful, you can purchase a jar of dried lemon zest in most grocery stores. McCormick's is good, and just add that to batter or whatever. You can rehydrate easily in a small amount of water if you need to. It's good to have around for when you are in a pinch. After saying all this, nothing compares to fresh rind, when zested, the oils in it release and it's sublime.
We haven't used it for water only. We add it to recipes when cooking, or sprinkle it on food after it is prepared. No soapy taste here.
I use mine pretty quickly but now that I'm buying in bulk, it lasts at least six months.
No - Ingredients: sea salt, iodine 9 mg. This is what is listed on the label.
The texture is somewhat inbetween traditional kossher and fine table salt. For small dishes this would be "pinchable" but not to season whole pots of food, you couldn't pinch enough of it. It's VERY good as a finishing salt on fine cuisine like homemade buttered popcorn :-)
This is what the bottle says, This sea salt from the island of Sardegna, Italy is enriched with Iodine...Caber in collaboration with the Department of Food Science of the University of Bologna has developed a new technology that allows the constant presence of Iodine - even after the jar has been opened. Produced by Cabers.r.l., via Cadriano, 3, Granarolo E. (Bologna) ITALY, imported by Moderna Fine Foods, Inc., Clifton, N.J. 07014, www.modernafinefoods.com - Ingredients: sea salt, iodine 9 mg. I tried to find out some information about the content but was not successful. If you learn anything interesting, please let me know.
10.58 oz hth :-)
I believe it is about 10.58 ounces per bottle.
Yes. Individual boxes
Hi, The Tastykake cherry pies do not have a glaze. I recall another manufacturer cherry pie does have glaze but I can't remember which one it is, sorry...
24 Grams
Perfectly... if the vacuum seal is intact. Your "brick" is coffee that's being compressed by the outside air. Prick a tiny hole with a pin letting in some air and you should see the brick soften as pressure equalizes.
Peet's says it's from all major growing regions in the world for this blend. http://www.peets.com/coffee/by-type/coffee-shop-by-category-espresso/major-dickason-s-blend.html... made from top-quality Pacific and Latin American beans.
You get 2 16 oz bags..
It isn't $30/lb, but about $16. From Peet's you pay for shipping. If you have PRIME on Amazon, you don't pay shipping. Look at your local grocery. It's worth the price, btw. :)
Unfornately I'm not sure. I purchase a vacuum sealed pre-packed bag from my local grocer and the bag doesn't indicate the ground #. The bags vary from 13oz to 20oz.
Most likely a finer grind, more like Espresso.
It's located on the back of the bag! Really good coffee..... and this comes from a person who lives in Seattle!
Only if you order directly from Peet's (www.peets.com). Sellers of Peet's coffee on Amazon have limitations on what they provide. If anyone can dispute that please do so - I would love to be able to specify a particular grind through Amazon.
regular I guess-do not really know
Yes! I use a blender to mix 3/8 cup of powder with a cup of water to make each cup of heavy cream. My ice cream recipes say to let the mix sit overnight in the refrigerator which lets the cream blend more thoroughly.
The manufacturer replied to me that for 100g there are 19.08 carbs which includes 12.03 sugars. I measured it out and there are 16 tablespoons in 100g so each tablespoon is 1.1925 carbs. Hope that helps!
I purchased this product more than two years ago and it is still good. I hope this helps you. I don't have any documented information but this is my experience.
I use WillPowder Heavy Cream Powder for everything that requires heavy cream, like mashed potatoes, or cream soups, or scones. Mix one part cream powder to two parts warm water for fluid measures, or if making a batter, mix dry with the other dry ingredients.
No, and personally i was very disappointed with this product, it has a bit of a chalky flavor and tried using in a variety of ways and still did not feel this product provided value or taste. I prefer at this point to get whole milk powder from Holland and the flavor is excellent and goes allot further in flavor and sense of creaminess in everything I have used it in
About 3/8 cup powder and 1 cup water makes a cup of heavy cream that makes great ice cream.
Why would you buy it if you didn't know what it was for or have a use in mind for it? I personally use it for coffee. I travel often. Fake chemical creamers make me sick. So, I make my own Instant coffee mix with this. I put equal parts instant coffee and this cream powder in a cup and mix it up, (if you mix it up dry with a spoon there are no lumps at all) then add hot water. Perfect cup of coffee! I keep some pre mixed in my suitcase at all times. It is also nice to have on hand for recipies that call for milk (I never buy milk). I just add a couple of spoons in the mix.
I believe that the container is still vacuumed sealed it should have a shelf life of 8-10 years, but it must be completely sealed and the contents may not exposed to moisture. Contact the manufacturer and ask them, they will be able to give you the specs. If the cream is "bad" it will have a rancid taste. Perhaps brewing some coffee and putting it in it will give you a rapid taste test to your question if you are looking for an "instant" answer. That's what I would do.
Although the package doesn't say ... here is some information that can be deduced. My calculations ARE NOT confirmed by the manufacturer, but are my best guess based on the information we have on hand. First, the mixing ratio is not 1:3 (as stated on another post) but 1:1 (or less) per volume. If you mix it 1:3 it would be very watery. At 1:1 (such as 1 T powder and 1 T hot water) you will have a product that is the consistency of whole milk or half & half. It more closely resembles whipping cream when 2 T dry powder are mixed with 1.5 T hot water. This is pretty much a mute point as many of us use this as a coffee creamer, in which case consistency doesn't really matter as the product ends up diluted in a cup or more of water. Second, one tablespoon of the dry product weighs 5 grams. Those 5 grams are 72% fat according to the label - which means 3.6 grams are fat. Fat has 9 calories per gram = 32.4 calories per 1 T (dry) serving. Another comment asked the manufacturer about carb count and based on the manufacturer's reply, calculated the carb count of a 1 T serving at 1.2 grams, which come from lactose. Carbs have 4 calories per gram = 4.8 calories per 1 T (dry) serving. That leaves only 0.2 grams for "other" which may or may not be protein and could include some sodium. But if that fraction remaining is only protein from the dry milk base ... then protein calories (4 per gram) = 0.8 calories protein. So here is my best guess of nutritional content, again, NOT confirmed by the manufacturer but good enough for my meal planning spreadsheet ... Per 1 T dry mix 3.6 grams fat = 32.4 calories 1.2 grams carbs = 4.8 calories Less than 0.2 grams protein = Less than 1 calorie Sodium content unknown Total calories per 1 T dry powder = 38.2 calories Since this is a little over half of the calorie content of 1 T of fresh whipping cream - I would guess the serving size is actually 1.5 to 2 T dry powder.
I called the company to ask. I don't have that information anymore, but I think it was not many.
Sodium Alginate will not foam if you put it in your mouth. It will quickly turn into a solid gel which will stick to the inside of your mouth. The taste is not particularly pleasant. I just tried it and I am still trying to remove it. It is very sticky.
It lasts as long as salt.. Forever. Just keep it away from moisture and your fine
There are two compounds, this and a calcium salt. There are a few different techniques whose basic difference is whether you put the sodium alginate in the drink portion or in a bath and a choice of calcium salt in the other. Look up reverse spherification or frozen reverse spherification for making drink bubbles.
Powder
The jar says Net Weight 1 lb.
It's a pellet. But a very soft powder pressed as a pellet. It dissolved readily for me into water for calcium bath for spherification.
It is shelf stable. You don't have to store it in the refrigerator.
It is simply CaCl. No additives.
The best i can com with is that it is anhydrous because it is used in specification of food.
I didn't use the Will Power for this purpose. My guess would be equivalent; however, the particle size is likely to be smaller with the Will Power and the price would be higher.
I use it to make Vegg yolks (vegan egg yolks) and tofu egg whites - it creates a skin that holds the ingredients together. Calcium chloride, when swirled in a glass with liquid Vegg, creates a soft ball with a thin skin that hold the liquid inside. Same with silken tofu - helps create the texture of a cooked egg white
no, this product is white and stays white
Calcium chloride is molecule (CaCl2) not a blend of calcium and chloride.
Powder
I think that the instructions say one packet per 4 ounces of water, but we always used it at 6-8 ounces. At 4, you have thick pudding, at 8 it's like a watered slush ice. Either way it works and is thick for a couple of hours.
I added the powder to the liquid and it mixed easily and with no lumps, and did a nice job of thickening. It was much better than I somehow feared it would be.
I always go with a set expiration date.
Not sure. I would contact the company directly or look on the back of a packet ( you can get them at some local pharmacies.)
I've done both...If you dry dust it on the chocolate it will only add a shimmer. If you mix the metallic color with either lemon juice or vodka (no trace of alcohol will remain as it evaporates) then paint it, it will change the entire surface of the chocolate. Hopes that helps.
Dorado (gold) is included in the set.
I don't see why one couldn't... I mix airbrush colors all the time and also thin them with vodka. I just don't know what colors you would need to mix together to get the olive green... Maybe a little black or brown in the leaf green or electric green... I would practice spraying the mixed color on a paper towel first. Good luck!
Food colouring
I never tried that, maybe you can make a test.
Yes some are on the sheer side and It takes me about three coats to get the desired depth of color.
Liquid great for airbrush or hand painting!
I wouldn't advise it since they have the metallic sheen...it they were the normal colour then it would be great
These are all liquid colorants. I've mostly used with my paintbrushes and it works great. They're quite concentrated so use small amounts.
Yes, on the list of ingredients it does list sugar as an ingredient...but the amount of sugar that would be sprayed onto a section of cake would be sooo little, I don't even know how one could calculate the calorie amount or even the amount of sugar that would be in the mist of color sprayed on a cake. If you drank the whole bottle then the quantity of sugar could be calculated. Anyway, here is the list of the ingredients water, sugar, mica-based pearlescent pigment, citric acid, xanthan gum, sodium benzoate (preservative), sodium citrate, calcium lactate, FD&C Red 3. This came from the bottle of Pink Sheen 579 airbrush color by AmeriColor. Hope this helps answer your question. This is a great product.
Looks like I'm the only one who's actually had KO Tiny Tots. My guess is that Tiny Tots ane Double Layers come from the same batches of fish...the Tiny Tots are just the best of them. My experience is that the Tiny Tots are slightly smaller, perhaps 4 more fish per tin. I can get Tiny Tots for $2.52 at Wal-Mart, so no need to order from Amazon. If you can't get Tiny Tots at a good price locally, these Double Layers are a good next option.
The packaging states that they are packed in Poland. "Wild-caught, sustainable, wood-smoked, and hand-packed," distributed by Bumble Bee Foods in San Diego, CA.
No
Yes, they are! https://www.facebook.com/KingOscarSeafood/posts/251520238196956
I'm not sure what picture is being referred to. The package for the ones I get all have an image that pictures the Norwegian Fjords. This product is packed in Poland and no EPA is utilized on the cans. Hope this helps.
96 calories
I don't remember the exact date, but when I purchased them they were good for greater than a year from the purchase date. Hope this helps.
3.13 grams in 1 T
I believe it is only one tablespoon.
That brand is my favorite, and the cup is just the right amount no waste and it Is very nutritious and if you have kids it's perfect,
A poker chip
It's 30 pouches w/2 bars in each.
30 pouches with 2 bars in each pouch.
I do not know. I have not tried NV's Granola. I have about 4 different varieties ranging in size from 1.2, 1.42 and 1.5oz. The trail mix bar is awesome, not sure of the weight.
I have bought this ceylon cinnamon several times and have been very happy with it. The flavor is so much better than the grocery store cinnamon. We enjoy it on sweet potatoes and also on toast, mixed with honey.
It's organic and that means no gmo.
Put it in the freezer, in a tightly sealed freezer bag and just take it out when you need to. I keep a glass spice jar full in my cabinet, and the rest in the freezer. It's kept a wonderfully flavor, and I've refilled my jar 3 times now.
From what I have read from the internet, coumarin is a natural or integral component of cinnamon. It did not come from an external source. When a product is organic, it just means no harmful chemical got added to it either from using pesticides in growing the plant or use of chemicals or solvents during the processing of the product in the form that it will be sold. This species of Ceylon cinnamon is supposed to be lower in coumarin content than the cassia species that is sold in spice bottles and that is the reason I bought it and it is supposed to be organic and non-GMO or not genetically modified.
it's labeled as Ceylon cinnamon. Ceylon was the former name for Sri Lanka. So I'm guessing it is.
This Ceylon cinnamon is a very "fine" cinnamon. It's almost like a powder so it doesn't "clump" and float on top of tea like non cinnamon. It's easy to stir into tea and seems to blend well. I wasn't sure if it settled on the bottom or not though, so I tried it this morning. Unfortunately, I got interrupted before I finished my tea and it sat on my desk longer than usual. When I finished it, there was some cinnamon left in the bottom of the cup. I don't know if settled out because it sat longer or if it would have settled there anyway. Since it blended into the tea so much easier than non ceylon cinnamon, I think if I had stirred the tea when I came back to it the cinnamon may not have settle to the bottom but I don't know that for sure. There was definitely not as much cinnamon on the bottom of the cup as what I had put in.
You would need to pose that question to a higher authority than I am. I can tell you that the flavor, aroma, etc. is so much better than any supermarket cinnamon that you need not be concerned about shelf life...you will consume it quickly and be ordering more! Buy it, try it....you'll like it! 100% positive testimonial from me!
There is 3% oil.
It's powder.
I believe the Burmese region.
Salted
The expiration date has always been around six months away; plenty of time to enjoy the nuts.
They are roasted in peanut oil.
The container states that they are processed and packaged in the USA. They are distributed by Costco out of Seattle Washington. That is the only information on the package. I think I gave these 4 stars, but they are really great.I should probably change it to 5 stars. The cost is high, but cashews are always expensive.
No, they are roasted but tastes good.
The label doesn't say. But it is certified organic. According to these sites certified organic cannot be irradiated: http://www.organicconsumers.org/articles/article_11535.cfm http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/11/05/why-are-your-spices--seasonings-exposed-to-half-a-billion-chest-xrays-worth-of-radiation.aspx
Used it three times and none detected...
It is very finely ground...not sure what you mean "as fine as starch" ?
Yes.....their "ground" spices have a shaker side and / or a flap you can open to "pour" into measuring spoons if desired. I have the Nutmeg, Cinnamon, Cloves and All Purpose Seasonings and they all have this kind of plastic shaker top, which can be removed to re-fill the bottle.
I put it on a 9" round cake, but it was just a little too big - would have been fine on a 10" diameter cake. If I remember correctly, the ends of the swords just barely curved over the edge of the cake. It looked great even though it didn't fit perfectly. I can't remember the exact dimensions of the design. Hope this helps.
It should, I was really pleased with this product
If it is a very large round cake. It is not possible to cut it to make it work on anything smaller than the dimensions it gives.
I do not think so.
I noted that the package was for 100 grams cardamom which converts to 3.5 oz. I no longer have the package but I had indicated this volume in a software app that I frequently use.
The product description of THIS particular brand says 3.8 OZ.
- 100% Extra virgin coconut oil. - Produced by cold-pressed method. - Unrefined. - Non-Hydrogenated. - Additive-Free, Solvent-Free. - No need refrigeration. - Good for cooking and personal care. - Made and packed in the United States.
It's liquid
Thank you for your quarry. There have 12 oz in to the battle. We are waiting for your positive response. Thank you
i am sure it is making on similiar equiment that has peanut, milk, etc. Because there is a lot "Spring Valley" brands. But they are a good company for trying making vitamins, etc.
You can cook with it adds coconut flavor to foods. Good for lotion also.
What I got was current. My grandson did not have a problem with it. Same quality as Target.
No
I got this product almost a year ago. At that time, valid date of this product was expiring within 6- 8 months. Later I switched to costco.com for phrase 1 and 2 formula. For phrase 3, I get them from target.com now.
Yes, it is the same formula. I don't know the date of manufacture, but the expiration date printed on my can is 9/1/14 and I purchased it about 4 months ago so the expire date is well in the future.
we had ordered a pack of 6 and all of them are used up already so i cannot tell you the exact dates you requested but before using those we had verified the expiry date and all of them were valid over next month (some expired in Sep-2013 and some next year sometime). Hope this helps.
Raw, but I didn't like it, I still have a bag unopened. Maybe the product is not mend to do what I did, I actually got sick.. Just saying.
No, the flour is just plantain
The item is plantain flour. That is it is dried and pulverized plantains, which are related to bananas.
Yes, this plantain flour is gluten free.
I would check w/ the vendor but I dont think so... I believe they are sourced as raw (unprocessed) California almonds
No
Yes.
This is from deep mountain maple.com "Grade B maple syrup is usually made at the end of the sugaring season, just before the maple trees bud. Almost as dark as molasses, the very strong, intense flavor of Grade B has been described as "hard-core." Traditionally considered a cooking-grade syrup, Grade B has gained popularity in recent years as a table syrup. It is also well known for its beneficial use in a cleansing fast known as the Master Cleanse. Although we are very happy that Stanley Burroughs, the author of The Master Cleanse, recognized the health benefits of pure maple syrup, we are disappointed that Mr. Burroughs did not really understand how maple syrup is made. He recommended Grade B syrup because he assumed, probably due to its dark color and intense flavor, that it was less refined than other maple syrups. However, NO pure maple syrup is refined in any way whatsoever. ALL pure maple syrup contains many beneficial nutrients, including minerals such as potassium, magnesium, and iron. Traditionally, maple syrup is considered to be good for digestion and the circulatory system. It has fewer calories most other sweeteners and contains no fat at all."
I don't see BPA free on the container, but the recycle code is 2 HDPE. On researching the BPA, I found that if the recycle code is 3 or above, BPA could be used in production of the container, recycle 1 and 2 do not have BPA. Elaine B.
I have never refrigerated maple syrup, and I have never had any problems. My mother never refrigerated maple syrup. My grandmother never refrigerated maple syrup. My great-grandmother never HAD refrigeration, so she never refrigerated maple syrup. I am NOT a person who doesn't refrigerate when necessary. But what with rampant baseless lawsuits prevailing these days, many who bottle what does not need to be refrigerated label things "refrigerate after opening" as a precaution. Refrigerated maple syrup gets crystals and is then nasty. Which is why I don't refrigerate it. We're talking 40 years here, by the way. But proceed at your own risk, of course.
This link has a good response: http://www.maplevalleysyrup.com/AllsyrupOrganic.html
The label indicates that the bottle contains 100% pure maple syrup free from artificial flavorings, preservatives or dyes. I have been using this brand for 3 years and am satisfied with the product. I would recommend you try it.
It's fabulous.
Yes, it is sealed.

Coombs has groves on USA and Canada so it can be a mix
My bottle has a "best by" date of 8/26/2016 but it doesn't say when bottled. The syrup is very good, in my opinion, and will be gone before that date ever comes.
With proper light and moisture Yes
Yes the trees are currently dormant in our cold frames.
Older needles will fall off and new needles will come out in spring. Needles do not stay on tree for the life of the tree, be sure to water daily.
Better if it is near a window might not be enough light.
No
All our trees are live trees we do not carry artificial trees.
natural
Is about 12 yrs
Calories...130 Total fat...2g Saturated fat...0.5g Trans fat...0g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium...170mg Total Carbs...28g Dietary Fiber...2g Sugars...24g Protein...4g Recipe calls for water. Obviously the nutritional facts are changed if you use milk instead.
The ingredients list: Sugar, cocoa powder (processed with alkali), nonfat dry milk, salt, vanilla extract. It does not say gluten free. If you are avoiding gluten for a lifestyle change, you are probably fine. If you have celiac, then I'd contact Starbucks for a more conclusive answer. For example, Quaker Oats only list Oats as an ingredient, however, (I called the company) the oats are not grown in fields dedicated only to oats. They may also harvest wheat. Since it is not cross contaminated in the factory, they don't have to list wheat as an allergen. But since it may be harvested with wheat, they can't label it gluten free.
Yes, it makes it much creamier. Just be careful because milk heats up quicker than water, so it'll boil over if you're not careful
Honey should not be given to children younger than 1 y/o because they could get sick with a bacteria usually found in honey. I used this product with my oldest child and I'm planning to use it with my baby now after he reaches 1. But like with anything if you have concerns about it consult your pediatrician. Also this link explain why Honey is not safe for infants. http://kidshealth.org/parent/pregnancy_newborn/feeding/honey_botulism.html.
older than 1year and 8 months
We had concerns about the expiry date of the Nido kinder we ordered the first time and so we decided to email the sellers in advance to know the expiry date on the product before buying a second time especially since we ordered large numbers at a time. Naturally, every seller would want to sell older products first, even in supermarkets and malls. Suffice to say we did finish the products with time enough to spare before the expiry date and we had no other complains.
Our can expires February 2016(!)
I used this for my toddler 5 years ago when she was 1 to 3 years old. As far as I can remember when my daughter was 2 years old and would drink less milk because her diet was changing to accommodate more solids, an opened can (the big one) would last 30 days and would stay good. Unopened and in a cool, dry place, should be good until the date on the can.
1 scoop = 2oz 3 scoops = 6oz
I know this is not considered an infant formula. It is designed for 1+. I would call nestle and ask if it does not appear on the can as they have a few different brands of nido. It's sold at Walmart in the area that has salsa and refried beans where we shop.
September 30, 2014
It's one scoop of Nido to every 2oz. of water ...my daughter has outgrown it now so I don't really remember how many cups we got out of a tub. Visit the Nestle website, I'm pretty sure it has more detailed information as far as servings and nutrition.
I do not know about the expiration but it has always been enough. My 4 year old is still enjoying it.
It is good cold too. Normally I drink it hot in the mornings though.
The most complex answer I have read while reading up on mate is that it does give you energy but in a much different way than coffee. Typically the caffeine in coffee will be absorbed quickly which results in the sudden burst of energy and the equally as sudden crash. The caffeine that is in Yerba Mate is absorbed much slower (scientists still debate why), which results in a much more gradual / natural wake-up and usually no crash coming off of it. In other words, don't drink this if you need a sudden boost. Most people who drink it say it feels like a much more natural wake-up process.
I have barrets esophagus and gerd and I have to stay away from coffee and this tea doesn't bother my stomach
They are loose. I love this tea and drink it everyday!
It doesn't say anything about chloride on the bag, just that it is USDA organic and certified kosher. Nothing listed on the supplement facts either. The tea bags inside are white, not brown. Hope that helps you out. I think it is a great product.
Yes they are :)
Our organic San Mateo Yerba Mate for instance is air-dried. Air drying is a processing technology that allows us to greatly reduce the PAH levels in our Yerba Mate. Quote from there site http://guayaki.com/mate/81628/Health-Concerns.html
Nope, it's not a blend, completely 100% organic Yerba Mate. It's really the best I've tried. It makes phenomenal flavored mate, if that's your thing. Brew it up, flavor with Tarini syrup (my fave is peach) and it's the bomb! I based my answer by looking at the bag."Organic Yerba Mate" "Other Ingredients: None"
I've never heard of tea leaves having gluten.
no
It is made from Italian olives...that being said...no other imported brand tested passed all seven tests for "extra virgin," some didn't pass even three tests, as is well documented. The Kirkland label brand passed all seven tests.
Not quite sure what you mean, but it is not rancid or stale if that's your question. I have bought 3 or 4 bottles and am quite happy with it. Are there better oils out there? Probably. Can I afford them, at the rate I use olive oil? Probably not. :-)
Plastic
I don't know about hair, but I know oils like grape-seed are a little more fitting for massage
I liked the taste. It tasted just like any other Extra Virgin oil. For me, it was more virgin than some of the common extra virgin oils you find at grocery stores. It also tasted good for dipping also. Good luck.
yes it is
yes it is. it is on the label
To the best of my knowledge I don't believe the label indicated when it was pressed.
I prefer storing the oil in glass, especially dark glass. I use the 2 liters in a month and often store portions of it in different dark glass containers.
I currently do not ship to China. Thank you, Fashion & More
yes
yes it is 1 oz.
The listing is for ONE package. Different sellers have different shipping policies. Some charge a lot for a single package and offer free shipping, we offer it at lower price but our shipping seems high, but only if you are buying ONE. It's a minimum charge so purchase a variety of items or multiples will say you a heap on shipping. In our case the 7.98 is the base shipping. Adding other items (due to weight) should not change the over all charge as they weigh almost nothing.
They are not coated. I found them to be quite good! I've used them in baking & as is with some almond butter, coconut butter, or just stuffed with a pecan!
I really don't know, but I will not order them again as they were small and very dry.
Hello, Ms. Abaker, I bought just two of these bags, and most of the dates were moist enough. Therefore I ate them the way they were. As for the few dry ones, they are still edible as such; more chewing is needed. If you want to bring them to their natural state just after cropping, no chance. My mother used to keep dried fruits in water (especially prunes and peaches), for a few hours, but they never returned to their natural texture and consistency. IMO, children will enjoy the dates the way they are. I still do, despite my age.
There is no mention of sulfite preservative anywhere on the package.
Yes. I have a package in my fridge. It says "dried dates"
Around an inch and a half.=)
They are not. However, they are beautifully sweet and if using them to bake with I just steep in hot water to soften up. If eating raw these are smaller and a bit drier and tougher than majool dates (far less expensive though).
The Cliff Hanger Espresso (medium roast) is good, but the Kick Ass (dark roast) is their best coffee ... also the 454 (another dark roast) is very good, & would make good espresso.
Not that I know of. I simply cut off the top, then pour beans into a large jar that seals when closed. If the jar does not hold the full amount in the bag, I role the top of bag down, tightly, and store the bag inside a zip lock bag. It is for sure that these coffee bags do not have a good open-close method!
Not 100% sure. Rainforest shaded canopy. Bird friendly is all I know. Coffee is great.
i'm a die-hard french roast coffee drinker, & found the kick ass dark beans to be a suitable replacement for fr. roast beans. HOWEVER, be aware, as is true with many brands, the quality of the roast varies. usually, "ka" has been very good-excellent, but the last time i purchased it, the roast (or something) was off & the flavor was bland-sickening. i was only able to salvage those beans by mixing them with the remnants of other brands i had on hand.
Nope. Rest assured this will get you your daily dose of caffeine ;).
yes of course check their websit
The package does not show a roasting date. It shows only an expiration date which on mine was 01/04/2015. I wish they would all put on a roasting date because I have no idea how long after roasting the expiration date is. I bought mine 05/04/2014 so the expiration date is eight months out. Without knowing what they figure the life is, it is impossible to tell how long ago it was roasted.
I haven't had BulletProof coffee but have read that it is very pricey and not worth the extra money. Kicking Horse is Mycotoxin Free and Organic. I am out right now and have to switch my autoship to one every month. My husband found out how awesome it was and now he drinks it more than I do. We buy the Kick Ass Dark brand of this coffee.
I've gone through 1 kilo of the Three Sisters, and more of the Kick-Ass. The Kick-Ass is an extremely dark roast with a really strong body but still fairly low acidity. Three-Sisters is a lighter roast, so it won't be as strong. It is also smoother than the Kick-Ass, but retains a good amount of body. Both have a fantastic aroma.
Has only a "use by" date.
I keep a 2.2 lb bag for about a month. Keep it sealed, oxygen is not your friend when it comes to coffee. Always, always, always, grind right before you brew.
I emailed them this question directly and I got this reply: Thank you for taking the time to contact us. All Kicking Horse Coffee is 100% Certified Fair Trade and Organic Arabica beans. As we buy in high quantity we source coffee at the Co-operative level; where farmers from the area bring their beans for process. These are considered single origin beans and are shipped to KHC that way; we blend here at the Horse. The beans are grown in high altitudes and about 95% of our beans go through the wet process which removes the pulp and cherry. Beans that do not go through the wet process have an increased risk of developing mold or mycotoxins as the cherry is allowed to dry on the bean. These beans that do not go through this wet process are from Africa. The Kicking Horse Coffee blends that contain African beans are: HooDoo Jo Cliffhanger Espresso All of our other blends should work great for you. Here's a quick link to all of our blends: https://kickinghorsecoffee.com/en/store/coffee At this time we do not test for mycotoxins or molds; but do ensure that there is no visible mold before it is roasted and use only the highest quality beans. I hope this helps!
Matt, I can't help you there. I've never heard of mold-free coffee. I just did a Bing search "mold-free coffee" and came up with 15.4 million hits for "mycotoxins" in coffee. Here is an article with brands that are mycotoxin-free: http://blog.healclick.com/uncategorized/mycotoxin-free-coffee-brands Sounds like a great marketing concept. I wish my house were mold-free. ;o)
I haven't had both, but I'll order the other and let you know. Edit: Have now had both, and prefer this to the Altura. I think the Kicking Horse is a bit smoother and that the Altura has a slight aftertaste.
Yes. It's whole bean so you can grind however you like
Speaking just for myself, I have been so satisfied w this coffee that I have been buying it for over a year and therefore have not done additional reviews. It's still consistently great, flavorful and dark without bitterness. Hope that helps!
You are correct that there doesn't seem to be a roast date or an ID of the bean type. But it's really great coffee so I guess I don't care!
My coffee machine requires non oily also and that is why I bought this one.
This coffee is very similar, though a bit stronger and darker. Kicking Horse is more adventurous. A great coffee for blending with lesser arabica to create a softer flavor. It may not be for the faint of heart. Great for sipping.
My bag of cliff hanger was only marked jun06-14, which is obviously the expiration date not the roast date (got them sept 26, 2013). So the question is...what's the shelf life? If it is 9 months, then the beans were roasted 20 days before I got them. They tasted really fresh so I wouldn't be surprised. One thing to note: Amazon was out of 1 kg kicking horse coffee as of a few days ago. This makes me think they don't keep a very large stockpile sitting around getting old. Good coffee, especially for the price.
That's a great idea. I bet it would be awesome. FP really extracts the flavor and this is superb coffee.
Yes
Yes, from Kicking Horse. https://www.kickinghorsecoffee.com/en/store/coffee/cliff-hanger-espresso-medium
The beans are oily....
They have oil, because I purchased an espresso blend. But they are not oily like thst of an Italian roast, nor of a heavier darker espresso
I love the medium, Patti. It's called Three Sisters and is a delicious blend. If you like very strong coffee, go with the dark. Hope you like it! BH
It works fine.. To course and it makes it hard to "press" though.
Yes this is your coffee. Strong and full of flavor.
I keep mine in the fridge after opening and only grind right before using. The bag lasts me slightly less than a month, so I never have any freshness issues.
You don't find Robusto at this price point (or flavor!). From their website: "How do we produce the most kick ass coffee there is? By choosing only organic Fair Trade Arabica beans, that's how. Oh, and by loving what we do every step of the way. We source the beans, roast them, 'cup' them to ensure quality, and package them for fresh delivery."
No they are not oily.
The Kicking horse decaf coffee is very good, however, I have not tried it with MCT and Kerrygold butter!
I'm out of Kicking Horse and don't remember ordering the decaf. Either way, I've used it all up and will be reordering soon.
I'd say yes, as much as a decaf can - we drink both. You can still tell it is decaf, but it is the first and only decaf I've ever had that I like.
Yes it is certified organic whole bean and says SWP on bag and support fair trade and nature conservancy. Check out their website for their history and stories. www.kickinghorsecoffee.com in British Columbia Canada. Hope this helps!
Grinding or roasting flax breaks this seed coat making all the nutrients easy to digest. So you can do ether one but I prefer them ground because I add them to cereal and my most of my recipes.
Yes, in fact they will geminate if you plant them, so they are not even processed.
I imagine it will last a very long time...it's like storing walnuts in the freezer--the freezing stops the oil from going rancid.
Flax seed is like some other grains, such as wheat, whereby these seeds do not need to be stored in the freezer like sunflower seeds. They will last for years outside the freezer and probably forever inside the freezer. If you buy the milled flax seeds you would need to store that in the freezer. Enjoy!
I purchase the golden as the taste is milder. If there is a nutritional difference, I am unaware.
The seeds arrive hulled and ready for grinding, if that is your choice. As I add them to oatmeal, I grind mine. I leave them whole for salads.
This is 4 - 24 oz. bags for a total 96 oz. of flaxseed.
No. You need a coffee grinder for flax seeds. When you grind the seeds, they are moist inside with their oil, so the meal that results is not super dry but kind of moist powder. Therefore, if you put them in a pepper grinder, it would clog up very quickly and the ground flax bits would not drop out. Pepper is super dry. Flax seed is not.
Nope! It is non-dairy.
7" x 7-3/4" x 10-3/8"
30 Calories each
I wouldn't recommend it. But again, you probably could freeze them. I have had mine past the expiration date... just shake em up. That expiration date is a "best by" date. This is non-dairy so over a year they should still be good. They really don't taste any different. Google it. HA
i ordered in feb. and my box is good till april of 2015 appro. 2 months
There is a "major" taste difference to me. I've tried Coffee-Mate and it cannot compare to the flavor of ID. I've been using ID since they first came out with the different international flavors. I love the Irish Creme and my husband loves French Vanilla. FV recently reduced their price and I quickly jumped on it. I don't know why ID is cheaper than CM but I guarantee the flavor is richer! Try it you will love it.
We have orders these numerous times over the last couple of years and have never had an issue with packaging.
no refrigeration need -i received my package in late may/early june - expiration on my package is 10/6/2014
http://www.amazon.com/Coffee-mate-Creamer-Singles-0-375-Ounce-Creamers/dp/B00451W378/ref=sr_1_1?s=grocery&ie=UTF8&qid=1406235041&sr=1-1&keywords=Irish+cream Or http://www.amazon.com/International-Delight-288-Count-Single-Serve-Packages/dp/B00284TSCW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1406235236&sr=8-2&keywords=Irish+cream
Not really sure...but it does come in fat free , sugar free and low fat
7/16 ounce cups
I have been buying these's for over year with no problems. No refridge needed.
I use 1 creamer per a regular cup of coffee. If I drink 2 cups of coffee then I use another creamer. I hope this is helpful.
It was about 3-4 months from purchase date.
Yes, I've ordered this product in several different sizes and I've always found the expiration date clearly marked on both the cases and smaller packages, but not the individual portions.
To be honest that was what I started doing but it was a bit harsh on my stomach so now I make sure to wash it down with some water or take it with a meal to avoid gastric upset.
It does say it is "shelf stable" on the box. I got a box a few months (2014) ago and it has a date from 2012 on it. The last box I had lasted a year and never had any go bad...
Not in my opinion. The SToK is almost flavorless.
I counted mine and I was actually given 4 extras. How can you be certain? I don't think you can. Its a leap of faith. Some folks got shorted. I counted and got extra. I guess they aren't using a machine to count. I will be buying another case very soon though. I trust them that much.
The ingredients are listed on the box and are as follows: water, corn syrup, brewed coffee, caffeine, natural lactic acid, dipotassium phosphate, and guar gum. Hope that helps.
No mention of gluten at all. Says "Equivalence: 1 shot espresso, 1 SVG Delivers 40MG caffeine.
Not sure because I threw away the box. But on the bottom of one cup it shows 121306 but I don't know if that is a date or how to read it! Yikes...
White Wave Foods Colorado-made in the US-13ml pods with 40mg of coffee same as 1 shot of espresso.
Look on the side of your box, it is printed on there as a date. You can also contact them through their website and they can look up your lot number and tell you, the lot number is stamped on the bottom of each shot (getstokd.com)
I don't know the answer. I know that it contains coffee and caffeine, but does not say the source of either.
I looked this up before I bought these and Ask.com says that the shelf life is 9 months on the individual containers. Once opened 7 days refrigerated.
I don't actually know, but as a lactose-intolerant person, this creamer fits the bill for me and I've been drinking it for many, many years now with no ill effects from it. I've also turn my lactose-interant friends on it it, as well, and they also drink it. All it says on the individual cup-ettes label is that it contains "natural and artifical" flavors. Actually, I quite enjoy this product, and I decline to drink my morning cup of 'java' without it. I'm sure it's ingredients are probably printed somewhere, but I'm thinking it's a soy-based product. If you need more information, contact the manufacturer, (International Delight), on their customer service link at their website.
30 calories per single server size
Shipping is free for domestic delivery. Thanks, Alex.
I demand to know what is happening here. Why is the question just the word 'cashew' with no punctuation or capitalization? There aren't any nuts at all in this product if that's what you were wondering, Mx. Sobol. Why are there four upvotes? Who did this help? Am I going mad? Has the world always been like this? I just wanted to buy some yeast.
According to the label, B1, B2, B3, B6, B12, and Folic Acid have been added to the yeast. Other nutrients in the nutritional information are Iron, Selenium, Zinc, and Pantothenic Acid.
Hi, Sara, From grainddiction dot wordpress dot com : Brewer's yeast is a brewery-by-product, which is made from the pulverized (ground to very small particles) cells of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (yeast) and dried at high temperatures. Brewer's yeast do not contribute to leavening because the yeast had been killed. It is bitter in taste and normally used as a nutrient supplement as it is a source of B-complex vitamins, amino acids, calcium, phosphorus, potassium, chromium, and other nutrients. On the other hand, baker's yeast is dried at low temperatures so the yeast are not killed. It is used for leavening bread and other baked goods. The yeast species vary from Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Candida milleri to Lactobacillus sanfrancisco (which is normally for sourdough breads). And what about nutritional yeast? It is yeast which specifically grown for supplement. The form could be in powder or flake. It is sweet, nutty and cheesy because it is grown on a molasses solution (concentrated extracted juices of sugar cane and/or sugar beets). Nutritional yeast is close to brewer's yeast, as it is also dried at high temperature, resulting in inactive yeast. It also has similar nutrient profile to brewer's yeast, however more than 3tbsp/day may raise uric acid levels.
I don't exactly know the answer, but I will say that this is not "active" yeast like you would use to bake bread. Almost 100% positive that that means no, it won't ferment apple juice, or anything else.
I don't and don't see anywhere on the label where is says refrigeration required.
Judging from other Bragg products - these people are extremely health conscious and I am sure would not ever use any GMO products. it's a shame, isn't it, that 67 countries have laws requiring the labeling of GMOs but ours is not among them. I've gotten awfully careful about not eating tofu in a Chinese restaurant nor corn of any kind . 91% of all corn and the same amount of soybeans grown in this country are GMOs. Sorry. I'm sure that was more of an answer than you wanted.
I would call the taste "cheesy". Pleasantly so. Maybe that is the smell you find off-putting. Love it on popcorn.
does not say on bottle just say folic acid
Yes. I love this product.
This product has no Candida albicans yeast or brewery by-products as in brewer's yeast. It has a cheese-like flavor but is sodium-, gluten- and sugar-free. Great plain or used as seasoning. High in B vitamins, includes folic acid and zinc.
Hard to tell how fresh they are since dried apricots are never the same as fresh apricots. However, I like them more than most dried apricots because of the soft center that adds more flavor than California dried apricots. They taste fresh...not stale...if that helps.
The natural flavours (English spelling) are not specified. The ingredient list on my packet is the same as Paula Bell's but Sunflower oil is substituted instead of the palm or coconut oil, neither of which appear on my list.
I found these very moist and tasty. I am one who is concerned over ingredients and am not swayed by "natural" flavors. There is the ingredient/additive of sulfate/sulfur for color maintenance.
According to the package label, it is processed in same area that processes soy, and tree nuts.
Sorry, these are the only ones I carry. They are delicious!
No extra sugar is added
We've actually been able to keep the large jug for a year in fridge to use over time as needed.
I received an 86 ounce bottle.
Sorry, don't know what GMO is.
The label does not identify where the product I made but is distributed by H J Heinz in Pa.
I can not read the month and day but the year is 2014.
Strange question. I guess you can.
No, it is not. It contains soy sauce "(water, wheat, ...)". I did find a similar GF marinade, but don't recall the brand.
Soy sauce, sugar, high fructose corn syrup, Yoshidas mirin (rice, alcohol, enzymes, salt), lactic and succinic acids, water, dehydrated garlic, spice,odifird corn starch, sunflower oil. Contains wheat, soybeans.
No it's a marinade. Teriyaki sauce is thicker and if used as a marinade typically needs to be thinned out with oil or vinegar. Mr has a teriyaki node to it.
No. It has soy sauce which contains wheat.
The product is extremely fresh with a six month code.
Yep, regular sized. However, the individual pieces have "write on" packages, which are kind of weird looking.
Calories should be your biggest concern, only 90 for one bar!! 8g of sugar 17g carbs, 2g fat. One a day is harmless :)
October 13. Don't buy
YE. It is listed on the information!
You might want to refer to the official website to check on what kind of plant they use to produce the treats.
Oh I don't know. They're about the size of half a kit kat in terms of width and length.
No -- they contain gelatin.
Brown rice flour, corn flour, evaporated cane juice, pomegranate juice, sea salt.
Folic Acid is not listed in the Nutrition Facts or the Ingredients list.
It cannot contain casein as it is not listed at the Nature's Path web site. Their site states "Produced in a facility that uses peanuts, tree nuts or soy." That means it could have some soy dust or such. I avoid casein, and if the cereal box I had stated there was casein, I would not have eaten it. Read my original 3 Star review for my comments about Nature's Path Organic Whole O's cereal. I have not eaten this cereal since my purchase that spurred my review.
Unfortunately the box does not give an actual amount. It says it supplies 4% of daily value based on a 2000 calorie daily diet. The 4% is listed with or without 125ml of fortified skim milk. The serving size of cereal is 2/3 cup or 30 g. It is vegan, organic, non-GMO. To contact: www.naturespath.com/contact-us; facebook.com/naturespath Hope this will get you your answer.
calcium = 0
Threw out last empty box. Haven't reordered. I do not think it was higher than regular cereal, or I would likely remember noting it.
Dietary Fiber 3g.
Only 4 grams per 2/3 cup
No, you use it basically the same way you would use Bisquick. There are some fabulous recipes on the Pamela's website at www.pamelaproducts.com. Just be sure that you get the recipes for the baking and pancake mix, because there are also recipes for the biscuit and scone mix. Enjoy!
I always keep the large quantity Pamela's (20 lbs) in my freezer and fill a 1lb container to keep in my cupboard because my husband and I , in our 70's do not eat much bread. However, I have tried many gluten free flours and baking products and have found Pamela's to be the tastiest, fluffyest and the banana muffins are to die for. I have been using Pamela' for over a year, recommend it to my friends, who all use it now and love it. After all, what's not to love. Thanks Pamela's for a great product.
I store my bag (rolled tight, and chip clipped) in my pantry. I've had my bag for abt 6 months without any obvious flavor change.
Pamela's does a great job of combining GF flours and starches for the best baking flavors. I have never used the pancake mix for anything other than sweet quick breads. It's fantastic for anything with a hint of sweet but I think you'd be better off with Pamela's GF Bread Mix.
I'm not sure I can answer that because this is the main one I use...for cookies, pancakes, scones, banana bread, biscuits, etc...the list is endless and every recipe is awesome!
I ordered two months ago and the date is Jul 26 2014. I have also ordered before on clearance and kept an outdated bag for 18mo past the date, in a bucket in a cool closet.
Pleated bottom, 3.5 x 8 when flat, opens to 2" We sell for $1 at events
We have never had a problem with them leaking butter.
I bought them for someone else so I don't know the answer to your question...Sorry
I can't give actual dimensions, but we have a large popcorn scoop and it works okay with it. Personally, I think these would work with about any sized scoop unless you had an extra large scoop. Look at the dimensions of the bag, that might help you.
June 2014 on mine.. I purchaced only one box of 200.. and i've had them over a year now.. Halfway through the box.. So figure when I purchase them they had a 2 year life span on them.. Does that help you?
Yes. High fructose corn syrup is the second ingredient after water. Wish we could find an inexpensive alternative without corn syrup.
Each pop = 1.5 oz.
Sorry, don't know...
It will fit in a regular standard freezer; however it won't leave much space for much else.
Approximately 15 per 6.5 oz jar.
5 grams per 2 tbsp serving
On the lid it says - Packaged 4/2013 Expires 4/2014 So one year from being made So mine is good for 9 months. Mine will not last that long.
The ingredients are: water, maltitol syrup, isomalt, gelatin, natural vanilla flavor, natural black carrot juice colour. I don't eat gluten or dairy or soy and I will eat a couple of these without problem. I don't trust ingredients labeled natural. Hope this helps
They contain lactic acid.
I'm honestly not sure if there is an expiration date on them or not. The packages are not as big as a pack of normal marshmallows from the stores, though. They are 2.7 oz packages, where as the average package of jet puffed brand looks like it's between 10-16oz. I had a couple of extra packages left over after making my project(sugar free moon pies for my dad) and I gave the extras to my mom for them to have as a treat.. I'm not sure if the bags got punctured or not, but she says within about a month, they got rock hard. I had them for a few weeks prior to use & they were as soft as can be, so I don't know... One thing, though... Once they get hard, i THINK you could still turn them into cream in the microwave. You just throw them into a microwave safe bowl & cook them for a brief time( watch them carefully because they may expand in the microwave quite a bit). Just stir them once they're warm & it's ready to use. It re-hardens quickly, but once it does, you just pop it back in the micro & stir it back up. You may be able to mix some butter in to keep it more creamy, but I haven't tried that yet. I have heard in reviews that you can use these marshmallows just like normal sugary versions from the store, so I'd like to try making s'mores & rice crispy treats with them next time I order some. I can not even tell you how surprised at how good they are. Anyways, this is turning into a novel, so I will end this. The short answer is that I'm not sure if there's an exp date, but it seems they do get hard within a couple of months(I was really surprised to hear this from my mom). I wonder if keeping them in an air tight container would extend the shelf life? You may want to contact the seller & see if they could tell you. I hope this was helpful in some way! Take care.
Yes, I should think you would be able to, although I have not personally tried it. They are the closest thing to a real marshmallow that I've been able to find. I made sugar free "moon pies" with them & my entire family loved them, including two very, very picky teenagers.Good luck!
I dont know - what is the SUGAR?
These are hard like peanut brittle. They are really good. A buttery taste more than "the other brand".
I guess because despite the possibility they may be GMO they are still as natural and healthy as any other crops we use. They are delicious. If you are looking to be healthy you should avoid candy bars.
yed
I've never been able to keep them for any length of time.... They're so good, I stretch out them over a month.
They do contain butter.
Good Question! As my daughter is sensitive to Gluten, is why I purchased these. Always check with the manufacturer for these specific questions. I am not someone who should be liable for giving you inaccurate information and not authorized to, especially if you have a concern with Celiac Disease and/or Gluten Sensitivity.
It has been quite a while since viewing this bag of M&M's MARS fun size. With the advertised price, I would think your thinking is correct. My monthly automatic bag of 35oz of the Variety fun size Snickers, has cost $8.53, since Nov/13. I counted my most recent (Feb.) shipment's bag, and it yielded 49 bars, which are individually wrapped. The amount of servings per package reads as "variable". So, thinking along this comparison, I would guess, you would receive 2 bags with 55 pieces each.
Must honestly say I have never had the bags last that long--too delicious to keep around!
been too long for me to remember the cost of this product. but i recall 2 packages and i would say 110 in total is good. check on amazon.com for the prices. and be aware there are several shippers with different prices. so check the shipper too. because amazon.com usually ships free over a certian amount. not sure what the overseas rates are. return to amazon.com for the answers to these and other questions. loved the products. i buy when on sale.
" Free" Prime shipping , I believe only applies to Amazon fulfilled orders , and not to merchant filled orders
I received 4 bags, 9.5 oz each, BUT chocolate I received was obviously previously melted, hard to open individual wrappers, and chocolate fell apart. I requested refund. Beware!
I believe that item has been discontinued. I haven't seen it in over a year.
There are 34 pieces. The bag says "About 7 servings of 5 pieces.
I can tell you that I ordered a chocolate from Amazon with the highest % of cocoa I could find and it was the most awful tasting bitter stuff I ever tasted. No one could eat it and I asked for a refund. I ordered Dove & everyone loved it.Why buy 97% cocoa if no one in the office will eat it and you have to throw if away
I have some on order. I will let you know in a couple of days when they arrive.
I'm sorry but I do not currently carry the raspberry ones
I called the 800 number on the bag. The customer service person said "40-50%".
I keep them in a container in a cool dry place, not the fridge and with no discoloration. They only last as long as you can keep from eating them up.
I use the GREEN can and can't say enough good about it. These tomatoes make a world of difference in recipes. I am not familiar with the blue can... Best of luck to you.
The cans are not BPA free.
Kathleen, these tomatoes are incredible. I am not a tomato person becauseof the acidity but I use these all the time with no problem. SIDE NOTE: if they should bother you, decorate your kitchen with them; the cans are beautiful and give a very Old World look. On a serious note, I am seriously hoping you find them as wonderful as did I. they make the best spaghetti sauce ever. Sincerely, Carol Ann
The sodium count is 130mg, the flavor superb.
This is cured meat. The likely hood of spoiling is slim unless it takes weeks at high temps to get to you.
As far as I can tell, like all meat products outside of the UK it is gluten free. Only in the UK is it common to mix bread into sausage materials. On the ingredient list the only ambiguous entry is "spices and flavorings". Based on my reaction it is at least wheat free - I'm mildly wheat intolerant and it never triggered my symptoms. There are zoom photos of the ingredients list from the label in the Amazon listing.
Hi Michael, where in the country are you? You should be able to find this pepperoni stick at any Walmart. The location in the stores varies but you can always find it in the grocery section where they carry the big bags of beef jerky. It's usually on the shelves underneath that area along with the sliced pepperoni and summer sausage. I work for Bridgford so if you give me your city and state I can let you know exactly where to find the product. Thanks!
They are about twenty inches or so.
There are Nitrites in it. I do not know quantity but these are used in most cured, dried meat products like pepperoni, salami etc. The quantities are very low.
I refrigerate it. Not sure if its NEEDED per say but to be safe, I'd say keep it cold once opened. This is the BEST pepperoni. Walmart used to carry it but not now. Glad I can order it here!!
no it lays flat when cooked
Hello, Based on the Turkey Pepperoni, 12 slices(30gm) are 80 cals, with 35 cals from fat. Total fat is 4gms. Saturated fat is 1gm, trans fat is 0gm. Hope this helps!
I just received my boxes this week. They are best if eaten before February 2015.
At least until the "better if used by" date on the box top. For example, 14JUN2014 means it is suggest it is better to eat it before June 14, 2014. Stored under extremely hot conditions such as an un-cooled shed in Death Valley, it might begin to taste a bit stale before this date and it might taste fresh long after this date in a freezer. This cereal must be packed very well, as the "better if used by" date is many months in the future if the cereal is bought just shortly after it is made.
14 separate boxes
I can tell you about the original flavor (very tasty.) Have a bag here and those contain: Cassava; palm, sunflower or safflower oil; evaporated cane juice; sea salt; garlic powder; natural vitamin E to preserve freshness. Also notes "Contains soy." I don't know if that is because they also process products with soy and are acknowledging the possibility of cross-contamination? Here is their phone number: 1-866-98-ARICO
CrispRoot - Serving Size about 23 chips (28)g). Total Carbohydrate 18g., Dietary Fiber 2g and Sugars 0g. I hope this helps!
No soy or gluten. They're yummy!!
sorry I did not check this level .. I bought them because they were a low protein snack my son can eat . He has a rare genetic metabolic condition called PKU and regular chips from potatoes are too high in protein for him .
Hi, There's no sugar in this product. Here's a link to FAQs: http://www.gloriajeans.com/t-faq.aspx
Hello, these cups fit all of the single serving keurig brands that I'm aware of. I have multiple machines with and without reservoirs. I also have a single serving with large reservoir cuisnart that they fit. They are the standard k-cups that you can buy in the grocery store. Hope this helps...
not totally sure, but think it is just coffee beans and hazelnut flavoring
I was wondering the same thing. I bought 2/12/14 at $27.72 and today, 4/2/14, the price was $41.58. I bought caribou instead. An increase of 50% in the price...no time for that!
http://hamptonroads.com/2013/03/cancer-patients-and-survivors-are-kcups-safe BUT...I do want to point out that I think you might want to question the 'new BPA free' plastics are not much better if they are made from a product called 'BPS'. http://primaldocs.com/opinion/bpa-free-is-toxic/
I like a medium dark Columbian blend, and the donut shop brand seems comparable to that.
Unfortunately I cannot answer this question as ours never lasts long enough to find out. The 50 pack is gone within two weeks. It definitely stays fresh without being in the freezer for at least three weeks.
You can only buy them at Dunkin Donuts
Bold Colombian
This one is regular, but they do have decafe in this brand.
It's not the same taste
this is not decaf. it's the donut shop, medium roast extra bold coffee.
The coffee I bought was regular coffee. It looks like they changed the description, and not the picture or the title. Also, I would like to say this is my husbands favorite coffee, but when he started using this batch, he said it was bitter tasting, and now won't drink it. There is something off about it.
I can tell you about the original flavor (very tasty.) Have a bag here and those contain: Cassava; palm, sunflower or safflower oil; evaporated cane juice; sea salt; garlic powder; natural vitamin E to preserve freshness. Also notes "Contains soy." I don't know if that is because they also process products with soy and are acknowledging the possibility of cross-contamination? Here is their phone number: 1-866-98-ARICO
CrispRoot - Serving Size about 23 chips (28)g). Total Carbohydrate 18g., Dietary Fiber 2g and Sugars 0g. I hope this helps!
No soy or gluten. They're yummy!!
sorry I did not check this level .. I bought them because they were a low protein snack my son can eat . He has a rare genetic metabolic condition called PKU and regular chips from potatoes are too high in protein for him .
I'm not sure if it's espresso,but jet fuel has a nice bite to it.i like the taste and at .61 cents a cup.i bet it's cheaper than espresso.jet fuel will make you stand up and walk talk.
According to Keurig they estimate that an 8oz cup of coffee using the standard 2oz K-Cup would yield between 100-140mg of caffeine. K-cup consists of 2 tablespoons of ground coffee, a filter, and other packaging material for a total of 2 onces. There are also "extra bold" K-Cups available (such as Jet Fuel) and according to Keurig's website they have 30% more ground coffee in them (2.6 tablespoons) than the regular K-Cup. This would increase the caffeine content to around 150mg/ 8oz cup.
Unfortunately no the no decaff version.
Joseph, I had my first cup of Barista Prima this morning. I found it to be much more bitter than Jet Fuel. I don't drink Jet Fuel for the extra caffeine; I do for the flavor. My taste still leans heavily toward Jet Fuel over Barista Prima, which I found to be too bitter. But I'm always open to trying new coffee!
I have not tried Rev but I do like JetFuel My favorite has become SanFrancisco Blend espresso roast, 97% biodegradable and great dark taste, also affordable
2 oughta do it!
sorry, no it is not. my error in not realizing it is truly " jet fuel ". i have to cut it with half caf coffee or donut shop coffee. unless you want to be moving quickly i wouldn't advise purchasing this product.
It used to be available for subscribe and save but for some reason it was recently dropped from the S&S program. I wish Amazon would bring it back!
hello jennifer, i would think you can i bought them and they fit in 2 different k-cup machines i have so i would say yes why not. and they are very tasty and potent
I use an old Kuerig and it work in it. k cup size, know idea about yours, sorry
http://www.americolorcorp.com/ Webiste states: No tree nuts and no peanuts in our facility. All products are gluten-free.
no
Yes, There made in the US, Placentia California, There's no taste, it's just food coloring. Hope these answers help
Water, sugar, may contain one or more of the following U.S. Certified colors (red40, red3, yellow5, yellow6, blue1, blue2), or (titanium dioxide), modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid, and less than 1/10 of 1% sodium benzoate and potassium sorbate (as preservatives).
Yes, these colors will last a long, long time on the shelf. The best way to keep them staying fresh is to dip a toothpick in them when you want to use the color for tinting frosting or fondant. But use a clean toothpick each time so not to contaminate the coloring or your food. Keep the color clean always and they will last "forever". Hope this helps.
Dye isn't natural. Not sure why this comes up in my search also.
I ordered from this listing and got the correct 12: Red Red, Sky Blue, Royal Blue, Violet, Chocolate Brown, Super Black, Fuchsia, Deep Pink, Lemon Yellow, Teal, Orange, and Leaf Green.
Yes. And counters a bit, it comes off eventually. It is a very potent paste, little goes a long way.
of course not.
Ingredients: water, sugar, certified colors, modified corn starch, vegetable gum, citric acid and less than one tenth of 1 percent sodium benzoate and potassium sorbate
Not kosher if that's what you wish to know but they are good and healthy plus incredibly tasty
The label says 360 mg sodium in a 1/2 cup serving.
(2) 67oz. Bottles
Potassium 2,160.0 mg
For a 1/2 cup serving there is 360 mg of Sodium (15% of your daily value).
Yes, you can. You might want to experiment a little as to how much you use. There is no taste to it, but it is a good filler and bulking agent that helps with appetite and filling full faster. You can experiment with spices or use in place of corn starch and flour in your receipes. That in of itself will bring the carb content to a much lower level. If your just looking for more help with portion control add it to your regular receipes. I would experiment a to see how your intestines handle it, especially if you are not use to eating high fiber or have maybe are someone who had weight loss surgery, particularly as a supplement and build up from there. it is very filling without that gritty fiber texture. It also helps with satiety and to some degree blood sugar. Hope this helps answer your question. :)
It thickens no doubt, but I didn't experience a slimy effect.
I use this almost every day. I sprinkle a small amount in my coffee mixture I drink/eat every day. I use this in soups, to make sauces, in veggies. I have noticed when I use the powder, I eat less all day. It only take about 1/16 of a teaspoon.
yes
The only products that get approved by fda would be medications,Not supplements
I have not tried to make pasta yet, but the reason I purchased it in the first poace is that I had purchased some Shiritake noodles (angel hair and linguini) that are made of this flour. I plan to figure out how to make it when I have a bit more time.
Tomato sauce, xylitol, apple cider vinegar, arrowroot powder, salt, onion powder, garlic powder, all spice
Hi Emily The ketchup is good and it has 6 total carbs with a net of 2 usable carbs. The sugar substitute is Xylitol.
Glass bottle.
130 mg per tbps
No clue. Why not e-mail Probst Farms and ask them? I have found them to be extremely friendly and responsive. kam@probstfarms.com
From their web site: "Like our Centrifuged Virgin Coconut Oil, this Cold Pressed oil remains raw throughout the process."
It is unrefined
I just used the last of this oil. It was two years old and as fresh and delicious as the day I bought it. I stored it in the basement in a cupboard.
Yes
I checked with the company to verify what I thought and YES, the container is BPA free. Wilderness Family Naturals are wonderful products and their attention to quality ingredients and packaging is outstanding. I hope this helps. You can google their site to look around, call to ask questions, and read about the products.
1 serving is 3 decent size pancakes and 450 mg. salt, 180 calories, 30 from fat, 25 cholesterol 140 potassium 36g carbs 5g fiber 6g protien. They are good with banana and dark chocolate chips
I just received an order with a January, 2015 expiration date.
It's usually 3 to 4 months out on the boxes that I have received.
December 2013 on the last order--September-ish. I have a new shipment due any day and can see what that is, too.
Each serving is 180 calories and is 1/2 cup mix dry which makes 3 decent size pancakes
Looks like 1/2 cup of mix (3 pancakes) contains 36 grams of total carbohydrates of which 5 grams is dietary fiber and 4 grams is sugar.
July15 (expect about 6/7 months)
I contacted the company and they say "no." It is hard as the devil to find though--tried in Fort Myers, western PA, Fredericksburg, VA and other places I have contact with--can't continue to be sold if they don't stock it!! Fortunately, Amazon says it will be offered there in a few days!
You'll be surprised at how small amount of batter is provided in each box. This box provides enough for one layer of a regular two-layer cake so it will most probably be small enough to accomplish what you are wanting to do.
Couple of suggestions...try baking for less time. I use a stand mixer and just follow the directions and it turns out fine. The cake mix is a little smaller than a regular boxed mix. I usually use a 9 x 13 but if you use squares or circles use 8 inch rather than 9 inch. You also might get the Gake Doctor Bakes Gluten Free by Ann Byrn for some alternatives that use other ingredients such as sour cream or non-dairy alternatives. A friend of mine puts a tablespoon of King Arthur's Cake enhancer in hers. The product is gluten free although they do not label it as such due to where it is processed. She is celiac and uses it freely without any negative consequence.
Yes. You can add the pudding. My daughter makes it that way all the time. She doesnt add any extra water. She does switch the water to milk. Im not sure if that is necessary, though. I used the mix last night to make pineapple upside down cake. It came out great without adding the pudding. I just switched the water with the pineapple juice.
I haven't baked two cake mixes together in a 13X9 pan. One cake mix fills it up very nicely. But if you do that, I would put a pan underneath in case it runs over, and then turn the oven down 25 degrees from the suggested temperature. You will also need to add 10-15 minutes to the baking time and then text with a tooth pic to be sure the middle is done. Another signal for doneness is if the cake pulls away from the edges of the pan just a bit.
Yes, I have and it's a little more crumbly than a regular cake so cut gingerly. But it is doable with patience.
It may be a little tight. I use a 13x9 when I make the devil's food - I use milk instead of water, and it almost comes up to the top. If you try this I would put a cookie sheet underneath just in-case. Experiment with the cake mixes, they always turn out great. I also put 3/4 c raspberry jam in the devil's food, makes it more moist. For the yellow cake mix I make sweet cornbread...yummy. Enjoy.
I have not had this experience. I do, however, usually follow the recipes on bettycrocker.com/gluten-free where this mix is doctored up a bit. No one ever knows they are gluten-free unless I tell them. When I make them as the box indicates, I usually use a chocolate frosting and never taste the bitterness. Good luck!
The box says 8% of Daily intake ... 24 g total, 1 g fiber & 18 g sugar .. not sure how that adds up to 24g. But these are just as good as the "non-gluten free" versions. We LOVE them as our alternative. If you can handle that amount of carbs, these are a definite great buy!
I did not have to substitute anything since my grandson's food only needs to be gluten-free, not vegan. There is a phone number on the package where you can reach Betty Crocker, where they would probably be able to help. I hope so, because these mixes are wonderful - easy to prepare, reliable and great tasting.
No. This product is not non-GMO. King Arthur Flours has non-GMO flour and I believe some non-GMO mixes.
Yes, it just contains a soy ingredient.
I did not commit them to memory. Look at the picture of the side panel on Amazon, sigh.
Classic Almond Butter = 6 grams carbs Chocolate Almond Butter = 11 grams carbs Maple Almond Butter = 8 grams carbs Sorry, I don't have the Hazelnut here at the house, but I assume it would be around what's in the others... I know it tastes good! Best Wishes! Emily
The price fluctuates. But you're right, when I bought it, it was $1.07/oz. I can't imagine it was ever $0.12/oz.
There is no sweetener added, just palm fruit oil which I believed is used for consistency because I imagine in their processing they lose some of the oil from the almond. Ideally, I wish they added nothing.
30 packs total. 10 in each box.
1 pack is equal to 2 TBSP per box :) so... 32G
It doesn't have a short shelf life, but I can't remember how long it is off the top of my head. Go to the manufacture's site and contact them.
I got 8 boxes with 6 packets in each.
The package says all natural and Kosher certified. Doesn't say anything else regarding GMO. Hope that helps.
Yes, tree nuts, eggs, dairy and soy.
Holly, we use these for the children signed up for Backpacks for Kids, which is a food program run out of our church here in Port Orchard, WA. We go through a case every two months. I can check tomorrow evening for expiration date, but I know it is not within the two month period that we are looking at.
180 calories; Fat 25 per serving; protein - 6g; carbs 35g; sugar ( under carbs 8g); sodium 110mg. Yes! Kosher certified. My family with Celiac Disease loves this, especially when on a cycling tour; 60-125 miles a day carrying own gear on the bicycles and they don't have any symptoms or side effects. The packets are convenient and easy to pack. After 2 to 6 weeks of a tour, the only oatmeal they want for the rest of the year is in apple crisp or cookies ! We purchase this by the case.
It's a small bottle; 5 fluid ounces! Since the shipping weight is 13.6 ounces, the description is a bit misleading, isn't it?! I expected a larger bottle when I ordered it.
No, it's 5 fl oz.
I did not write the product description! That is what Amazon titled the product, and the review; it is their error. which they have not yet corrected.
It probably settled. What does the expiration date say? I love hemp milk, it does have a long shelf life, make sure you shake it up good! Make sure the carton was totally sealed, and no air got in. Should be cream colored. Susan
I've made something out of hemp seeds and water, blended together with maybe a couple of dates added for sweetness.
Some Krogers carry it.
I believe that there is. If you need a definite answer their phone number is on the jar. 1 (800) 990-9039.
Absolutely! But I found this instant coffee at Walmart for much less and I also thought Nescaf was better actually!
the powder is very fine... like finely ground instant coffee. I put it in my cookie dough to add coffee flavor!
About 24 I think.
They are 2 ounce jars of instant coffee/espresso. $0.07 is per serving. It is the very best I have ever found. Hope this helps
Each one should have an expiration date on it. Mine never last long enough to put in an emergency kit. It is absolutely the best instant espresso. You might need to look up Julian Code for Date.
Yes.
It's ALWAYS best to find someone who drinks a lot of Sam Adams or other craft brews. NEVER use the main-stream bottles, twist-offs are very hard to recap and most will leak or spoil and best to stick with amber bottles. The advantage to buying the bottles by the box is the pre-divided is very good for storage and finishing the beer.
The kit includes a hose to transfer (siphon) beer from one container to another via gravity.
Yes.
I cannot remember...it was two years ago that I bought this kit. It was not a heavy dark beer tho. Sorry for the lame answer.
You will have to go through amazon to fix your problem. Most of the company's that deal with Amazon will help you out with parts missing and cracked products.
Yes it does. And it is really easy to do. Just follow the instructions. But you might want to get a 21 inch brewing spoon and a 20 qt brewing pot. Thats if you don't already have them. And keep your bottles that it comes with.
I have cooked it rinsed and unrinsed and notice no difference. It's a pain to wash and strain, since the seeds are so small. It tastes GREAT either way!
Yes, I believe so. My bag has the label: Non GMO Project verified.
Hello Jason, Just to let you know as a rule of thumb any food that is certified organic cannot be GMO. Organic begins with the soil. However, the term "pesticide free" is often used interchangeably with the term "Organic" and they are two different things. Pesticide free foods can be GMO but certified organic cannot. Also, understand to be certified organic the farmer must pass a series of criteria in order to meet that standard. It's almost like having your food certified "Kosher". You can't put a kosher label on a pork roast.
I've tried less expensive quinoa but the taste is not nearly as good. Rice, be it brown or white is not protein! Pure carb. Quinoa is protein packed! This Tru Roots is pre rinsed but I always rinse again. Other lesser quality quinoa is not rinsed at all or they say it's been rinsed but still tastes terrible like it's still dirty! This quinoa is absolutely worth every penny mainly because of the taste! My hubby even prefers this with meals better than rice by far! It's worth it to pay more for this quality
The bag I just bought a couple of weeks ago has a June 16, 2016 expiration. It's September 2014 now, so that's almost two years. The bag has a sealer like a zip lock bag, is heavy duty plastic, and the zip lock feature works well so far. If it breaks, I'll just put the rest in a jar. Hope this helps.
From what I have read, saponins are the dusty coating on quinoa. If you don't rinse quinoa, it can have a funny taste. I make quinoa all the time, and my family loves it. However, I always rinse it very well, even if it says that it is pre rinsed. Quinoa needs to be flavored with your favorite spices, or oils. I love it mixed with 1/2 of a Hass avocado, a little sea salt, and chipotle pepper flakes. The very first time I tried quinoa, I hated it. I tried it again with flavorings, and sauteed vegetables and fell in love. You can make it ahead, portion it off in serving sized containers, and you can have a quick lunch, with add ons such as toasted nuts, avocado, or sauteed veggies. It should last about a week in the fridge. Enjoy.
According to Livestrong.com-- Quinoa is a grainlike food that provides protein, iron and vitamin B-12. Quinoa also has a low glycemic index, making it a valuable food for people trying to control their blood sugar levels. The glycemic index for quinoa ranges from 35 to 53, depending on how it is prepared. Foods with a glycemic index of under 55 are considered to be low-glycemic-index foods, so quinoa qualifies regardless of how it is prepared. In general, things like cooking and reheating food raise its glycemic index; the value of 53 is for quinoa that has been cooked, refrigerated and then reheated in a microwave--This is the natural sugar content of the food, like, say, sugar beets or sweet corn, only considered quite low.
Absolutely. I bought a $20.00 rice maker off Amazon, and it's a simple 1 part Quinoa to 2 parts Water! I make a couple batches every week.
I don't think it is necessary. My wife and I eat this quinoa often, and just keep it in its resealable bag in the pantry. It had lasted for weeks in that manner.
Olman ... I've always cooked 'in bulk', and have had few if any problems with THIS formula when cooking on an electric range - 8" burner - 1 1/2 qrt pot): 17 ozs tap-water 7 ozs pre-washed Quinoa Bring water to boil, add, stir, cover Quinoa ... and SHUTOFF HEATING DEVICE ... repeat: turn off heat supply. Let Quinoa stand in covered pot for 12 - 15 minutes After 12 - 15 minutes, remove cover, use utensil to move quinoa aside & inspect any remaining water content. At this point, my batches are usually "dry" & fluffed ... if not ... re-level Quinoa and cover ... CHECK FREQUENTLY until desired consistency achieved. As with any 'cooking from scratch' endeavor --- experimentation is key. Also, as a side note: I also prepare & eat A LOT of beans, brown rice, and hulled barley. To this end, I purchased a 6.33 qrt "Instant Pot" ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0073GIN08/ref=oh_details_o07_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 ) several months ago. The InstantPot formula: 4 cups water 8 ozs Quinoa Add ingredients to Instant Pot, turn on pot, switch to manual, choose 10 minutes pressure-cook time, TURN OFF pot and let stand for 12-15 minutes to let pressure/steam dissipate, remove top and move Quinoa to uncovered storage container and do a 'quick-COOL' (ala frig or freezer) to stop cooking process. After many batches using this formula, I have yet to end up with anything but 'dry' and fluffed Quinoa. This has become my preferred method of preparation. Good luck ...enjoy your Quinoa ... and Happy Holiday Season ...
Hi, So far we haven't had any issues as you can see by the reviews but I can't make any guarantees. You never know with the shipping company. Maybe purchase a extra box just in case? Thanks, Dan
They have a swirl motion throughout. I also have to say that I am much more impressed by the lollipops than I thought I was going to be. I think they are going to be a fabulous hit at our festival this weekend!
I want to say 4.5 inches. I used them for my baby shower as decor and favors and they are the large size like at amusement parks.
Hi Of you order today your order will be ship tomorrow and you should receive it within 1 to 3 business days Thanks
Hi, You would receive them Tuesday the 9th. Thanks, Dan
They taste like fruit and were great but 9 were broken at delivery :(
Hello All I can tell you if you place your order your order will be ship today and we will ship it by FedEx or Proroty mail and that's really fat but can"t guarantee if you will receive it on Friday Thanks
Hello thanks for contacting us and yes you can receive it by Saturday if you place your order within 20 Mints thanks
I'm not sure but, you can get the same thing at the dollar store.
This is a sourdough starter strain, but it is not marketed as "San Francisco" sourdough starter. There are other sourdough starter strains which are marketed under the San Francisco name. You might ask, "Are all sourdough starters the same"? Probably not. I'm sure there are variations in the wild yeasts and bacteria between various strains which may affect leavening periods and perhaps taste of the baked goods to some extent. But all sourdough starter strains do the same job. They leaven baked goods. San Francisco sour dough bread gets its distinctive flavor and texture from how it is prepared for baking. I have little doubt that the Breadtopia sourdough strain (which I have) can be used to make San Francisco style sourdough bread. I haven't tried that yet, however. If you are looking for "authentic" San Francisco starter, though, you can always buy other brands of sourdough starters that are marketed under the San Francisco label. It appears that Amazon.com carries some of them.
I would not. This starter is already going, so you should only feed it flour and water. I use about a tablespoon of organic rye flour per week and the rest organic white flour. Using sugar and instant potatoes would degrade the integrity of the starter and would eventually turn it into something else entirely. You are probably looking at a recipe for making your own starter instead of feeding a live starter. Breadtopia has an awesome website, and their starter comes with very detailed instructions. I just started making plain old yeast bread a few months ago and decided to try this instead; I've found it is definitely the way to go and worth the bit of extra time and effort! In fact, we just had company over and served sourdough baguettes with dinner and they proclaimed them the best sourdough they'd ever had.
If your looking for a sourdough pizza, then yes, it's a great starter for that. If you just want to make pizza dough then there are a lot of great recipes on the web and you don't need a 'live' starter for that. We use this for sourdough crusts for our pizza and it's fantastic!
The Breadtopia company, who sells it, doesn't disclose the number of years that they have used their starter, all they mention is "for years." When you buy it and take care of it, you can also have it for years. Mine is almost a year old and still going strong.
According to instructions with one of my sour dough starters, it states that the film might form, especially if you forgot to feed it one day, and stir it down into the dough and continue...but feed it first. You can refrigerate it if you are going to ignore it for a few days. That will slow down the gasses that form.
Yes. Waffles too.
Why don't you ask the seller????
I believe it's just a white flour starter. Has worked very well for me. I don't think I could kill this stuff if I tried.
No
You must follow directions to "multiply" the amount of starter available to both have enough to make the bread and have some to save for the next time. This can take 3-5 days. (Starters kept fed, used weekly, and kept in the refrig will actually live for decades - my last one was in constant use for over 30 years until I forgot about it and it died. After growing it the first time all it will need is overnight the following times.) Enjoy! Might I suggest sourdough banana nut bread? A great favorite with family and friends.
No, it does ship from FL. My jade tree was shipped out on a Friday and was in transit for over 5 days. The tree never recovered and they packed styrofoam into the soil during shipment that is impossible to clear out unless you repot the tree. I would order directly from the Bonsai Boy site and just pay for shipping.
Sandy, I've had mine for almost 2 months and it looses leaves everyday. I give it plenty of sunshine and keep it moist. I am not sure why the leaves fall off. Next month I am going to fertilize it like they suggest. I do notice new greener leaves sprouting all over so maybe loosing leaves is normal. I doubt this helped but at least u know someone else is experiencing the same thing. Also the instructions encouraged us to call them with any problems so maybe do that. Let me k ow if u find out anything useful. Good luck! Carla
NO. Just keep them moist and water in the tray.
yes that is possible. please call us to arrange expedited delivery options. 1800 790 2763
they can be cut off completely, trimmed or left alone. often in bonsai you want to expose the trunk to enhance the trees beauty and by doing that you want to have a decent trunk without any branching for the first few inches.
Yes, while nothing flowers year round, spring and early summer bloom is expected and should do so shortly this year.
Yes, we have a picture of the best and fullest tree we have right now although fall is quickly approaching and it will lose its leaves for the winter (only to regenerate in the Spring). You'll need to email us directly for a picture.
Yes, drain them first and cook them for a few minutes.
If you're asking if the noodles are like angel hair pasta when they're dry, I'd say no. The ones I've had are more like spaghetti noodles, a little 'thicker' than angel hair pasta. Hope that helps.
Their website (www.miraclenoodle.com) states that these noodles cannot be frozen, freezing changes the texture of the noodles.
I am not sure of the exact carb count, but I believe there are zero. I did not like the texture or taste of these noodles - tried them in different recipes.
I have kept them 3 months. I imagine they will keep much longer.
Hello, You can buy any size. This is minimum size. Just choose additional quantities at check out. You can buy as much as you can. Just remember you paying flat shipping rate for 1 lb or 20 lb. For up to $35.00 order shipping is $12.99 and $17 per order over $35.00 orders mix or match items from our amazon store.
A lot..but this really is great cheese.
We, CheeseDelicatessen, ship our products via the United States Postal Service. We use the postal service regional boxes. By your request we may use UPS (for additional charge). So, we combine shipping if you order more then one item, or multiple pounds of one particular item. Flat rate shipping is $17.00 per box. All orders are vacuum sealed and packaged with gel-ice packs to keep cool during shipping. If you order multiple quantities of the same item we may send them as one piece (in this case we consider weight of your product) unless you have specified differently. Orders are shipped to all addresses on Mondays and Tuesday. In some cases we may even ship your order on Wednesdays and Saturdays depends how far away you're located from us and how long USPS's estimated arrival time to your address. After receiving your order we individually make the decision on your shipping day. This is to insure freshness. If shipped after a certain day there is a chance your order will sit in a terminal over the weekend. All orders are shipped from our warehouse in Denver PA 17517. We ship to every state in the U.S.
It comes in 8oz containers. It is a dense and very sharp cheddar cheese spread, so a little goes a long way
Black Diamond Canadian white cheddar spread...
None... Spreadable, similar to cup cheese but not stinky...
I believe it is 8 ounces.
Hello Ellen, Yes we do. You can order this and you should get it before Christmas.
Yes, that's what I do when I buy several blocks of butter. You'll want to keep it fresher by perhaps wrapping in foil, then put in a plastic bag and stored in the freezer till you use them, then take out one block at a time. I use 1/2 of a block placed in a butter dish, each time.
Sea salt no other ingredients according to the label
Yes, though one time the chemical ice came apart in shipping and got the box wet. The butter was safe and cold and I put it in the freezer. I LOVE this butter, tastes better than any other and worth the health for the price. I like my butter salted.
If you freeze it, almost forever. But as a chef I suggest while un-opened, 2 months past date. It's a brilliant product, I tend to save mine for special events, or when I make souffls.
Yes, it is grass fed butter and so far the best butter I have ever tasted.
Really!! Contact the company if you really want to know. I did not make this product, I am only a customer, so how could I possible know what cows were used? I can't believe you would ask that kind of question
I'm nearly sure citric acid is not GMO: it's made by http://www.livestrong.com/article/477815-how-is-citric-acid-made-where-does-it-come-from/ converting sugar with using a species of fungus; and since your cheapest sugar is gm corn, citric without a non-gmo label is likely a gm product .
According to the listing, it is.
As its name implies, it is an acid. If the pool stains are mineral based, I think it would - but I'm no expert. It has helped me greatly reduce the hard water mineral build-up in both my dishwasher and my cloths washer. You would have to research the proper concentration and best method of application. In my cases, I add a coffee measure of the granular citric acid with each wash load measured into the detergent injector for clothes machine and sprinkled around the bottom of the dishwasher.
Amelia, that is a very good question...there is no expration date on the bag. I don't know how old they are.
I don't wash them first. I ususally brew about a tsp of them into a tea.
Unfortunately almost all schizandra is from china... but you can get it USDA organic
There are no dates on the labels. Only a word "new" on a small one. The date of expiration is 2 years. I keep it in the refrigerator in a glass jar with a lid tightly closed. I usually grind it (as coffee) and then chew it thoroughly as long as possible, 1 tsp a day. Or 5 whole berries, with the seeds. It helps me to normalize my low blood pressure.
I believe they are sun dried however packaging does not indicate.
My Schisandra Berries from Starwest Botanicals, Item#209554-01, are Certified Organic by QAI, Inc. as well as Kosher Certified. I was specific with my description b/c I bought 3 packages of schisandra berries from 3 separate distributers.
Before consuming, these berries should be boiled down into a syrup, as they do contain low levels of naturally occurring toxins. By boiling, the toxins are completely removed, leaving a safe, toxin-free syrup that is high in antioxidants, and highly beneficial for the immune system.
It is much cheaper to make your own than to buy store brands like Sambucol. You just boil 3/4 to 1 cup of the dried berries in a quart of water until the liquid is reduced by half, strain it through a cheesecloth, add 1/2 to 1 cup of raw honey, sugar or pure maple syrup according to taste, and put it in a jar in the fridge. If that's too much work you can make an elixir by steeping about 3 oz of the berries in a pint of good brandy with about half a cup of raw honey (or more to taste) in a sealed jar in your cupboard for 6 weeks.
J. Tullier, I store mine in the freezer because I make a flu syrup and do not use them very often. If you use them frequently the fridge would work fine. I have used them for up to one year by freezing. I hope this helps. Regards, Willie
I am sorry but I am not sure. I used them to make elderberry syrup and this product was just as I expected.
Quality is excellent and weight is one pound.
1 pound
I leave them in the bag they came in and leave them in the pantry. I use mine pretty quickly so don't have them for long. However, I would imagine since they are dried you can store same way for a longer period.
Gosh, no. I boil the heck out of them to make syrup and they don't turn back into anything remotely resembling a fresh berry. You would not want them in a pie at all.
The one I just recently bought says Croatia.
One pound is several cups. I think there are around 3-4 dry weight ounces per measuring cup.
That warning does not exist in my package where sinuous see it
I looked on the bag ,while there is very little, I see nothing that looks like that seal.unless the kosher certication Seal is the same? It is circled by a large C.
To be sure, I would contact the manufacturer directly to see if any contamination with gluten was possible. Check with www.starwest-botanicals.com to see if their Oatstraw Powder (Avena Sativa)Item# 201875-51 is guarenteed gluten free. Found this slightly incomplete answer online at this link: http://www.celiaccentral.org/answers-from-a-dietitian/oat-straw-gluten-free-or-not-9232/pg--1/ This is a great question because oat straw has been getting some attention lately as a new "superfood" rich in calcium and other minerals with the potential to boost hormone levels that stimulate cell growth, which may in turn help with in osteoporosis prevention (although the evidence is limited thus far). This being said, I could not find any mention of whether or not oat straw contains gluten in the scientific literature. Indeed, there is the very high potential that the oat straw may be contaminated with gluten from wheat, barley or rye during harvesting, transporting, milling and processing, just like oats may be, so my recommendation would be to not consume any oat straw or products with oat straw, unless the manufacturer can certify it to be gluten-free. In good health, EA Stewart, MBA, RD
Not sure but the quality of the product has changed. It now tastes very bad.
Tapioca is Cassava root, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tapioca and Arrowroot is from the same plant, but apparently more often from other plants - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arrowroot Hope this helps!
Definitely!
Yes. This is the texture of face powder, talcum powder, baby powder.
NO. Arrow root powder is white. It is probably some cross contamination from paprika or chile that happened at the plant. I would call or email the company for an exchange or replacement.
I believe this Arrowroot Powder is the same as Arrowroot Starch. Another brand that sells Arrowroot Starch/Flour had the following on their site "...The liquid and fine powders that make it through the sieve are dried, leaving the useful arrowroot powder behind...." And I use this Arrowroot powder the same way. I use when a recipe calls for arrowroot or as a substitute for cornstarch. So much better for us. You can research or just check out http://blog.morethanalive.com/ for additional information. or check out http://www.wisegeek.org/what-is-arrowroot.htm
White, exactly same as cornstarch
Those warning oft times are almost meaningless, unless another source, preferably outside California also warns against it. They don't say what specifically is being warned against, plus setting requirements so high that they become almost meaningless in many instances. It turns out that almost everything causes birth defects, cancer or both in California. Here is a wiki excerpt: a compound can be unlabeled if a person exposed to the substance at the expected level for 70 years is estimated to have a 1 in 100,000 chance or less of getting cancer due to that exposure. The law also has similar strict cutoff levels for birth defects and reproductive harm. Manufacturers are not required to provide the OEHHA with any information about the products. That means the OEHHA doesn't know which chemical the warning refers to, how exposure could occur, or how much of the chemical a consumer is likely to be exposed to - and the amount of exposure is a critical determinant of risk. The OEHHA cannot offer information to help the consumer figure out what the potential risk is and how to avoid it. These kinds of details can only come from the product's manufacturer. What the labels don't say The Prop 65 labels only tell you that a product has something in it that might cause cancer or affect reproduction. They don't say what the substance is, where it is in the product, how you might be exposed to it, what the level of risk is, or how to reduce your exposure. How to get more information about what is in the product If you find a warning label on a product and want more information, you will need to: Find the name of the manufacturer by checking the package and any written information that comes with the product. The contact information is often on or in the package as well, but if it isn't, you can look it up online by searching the manufacturer's name. Call, email, or write to the manufacturer about that specific product to find out what the potentially hazardous substance in the product is. You might also want to ask what part of the product it's in. Ask the manufacturer how a person might be exposed to it in this product. Some common exposure routes include inhalation, contact with food, transfer to food or drink via unwashed hands, or a baby or child putting the product in its mouth. Different routes are important for different substances. Find out what the manufacturer knows about the hazards of the substance that is in the product. Is it a possible cause of cancer, might it cause reproductive harm, or both? Ask the manufacturer what you can do to reduce any risk of exposure to the hazardous substance while using the product. After you learn exactly what the substance is, you can usually find more information about it from other sources as well. The OEHHA has fact sheets on many common chemicals on its Web site. Sometimes you can find specific information on the OEHHA Web site, such as news about jewelry that contains lead or cadmium, or about kids and hand-to-mouth transfer.
There is no official ingredients list. The product itself is the only ingredient.
Hello, While herbs and spices generally don't spoil, they will lose their potency over time. How the herbs and spices are stored will play a large role in how long they retain their potency. If stored in airtight containers, such as glass jars, and kept in a cool, dark, dry place, whole herbs and spices can last up to 3-4 years and ground herbs and spices can last 1-2 years.
All it says on package is orangic kosher arrowroot powder
used in baking? I use 1 gram measured out on a scale, put the powder on my tongue, and drink a glass of water. I don't think it would go particularly well in baking, as it does taste sort of unpleasant.
China, I'm not so happy with it, because of that.i hope this was helpful.
No this is not standardized. And it's wild harvested in China so it might or might not be organic. $37/lb is crazy expensive! Try Rosemountainherbs dot com -- I just checked and their certified organic is about $20/lb + shipping, but it looks to be temporarily out of stock.
yes it does
A couple of tablespoon but don't let marinade more then two hours or else the meat will be mush...
My package had no date on it. Supplements do not require an expiration date under US regulations. And enzymes are slow to age. The worst that could happen with an old enzyme is it wouldn't work as well as it would the first day of production. Notice: Not intended as Medical or Legal advice :-)
There's no need to as it is tasteless.
CAREFUL. A LITTLE GOES A LONG WAY.
I don't know the exact ratio, but it takes MUCH less papain. I've been experimenting and came up with a mixture of 1 part onion powder, 1 part granulated garlic and 1 part papain powder in an empty adolph's sprinkle bottle. This gives me good coverage without using too much papain which can make the meat mushy. We've been enjoying wonderfully tender meats without any salt!
I looked everywhere for GDU and it is not listed. Ingredients are not listed either. The company likely bought it in bulk and doesn't care about quality assurance testing.
If my math is correct, one pound. (Price of product divided by cost per ounce = 16 ounces.)
It appears to be very pure. Very difficult to use. It will eat your meat. It is a digestive enzyme. Save it for the cheap cuts and don't leave it on more than a couple hours.
I kept mine in zip lock bags, so it lasted a month or more
It does come in a wooden box with seperaters, & I still use mine for fruit and nuts after the treats were eaten:) it's about 9" x 11"
This 2 lbs 4 oz. I do not know what size the box is.
It depends on your definition of 'chemical' as the table salt and and granular sugar we commonly use are by nature chemical compounds -- sodium chloride and sucrose (a carbohydrate) that have been further chemically bleached. Your question should be whether these products contained harmful preservatives. From my first hand observation, the small amounts of preservatives used on them are relatively innocuous but who know for sure as scientists are the worst liars of all either by omission or ignorance. What is considered safe today may turn out to be carcinogenic tomorrow as it has been discovered time and again. Chenicals are like people or sharks, not all of them are bad.
I don't believe so...would have to close each bag if i remember correctly.
I bought it as a gift and did not see it so I don't know.
Yes
Maybe 2 to 4 people for snacking. It is not all that big. It is nice though.
I bought is for my mother in law. As I can see from the picture, it is vegan friendly. It's "only" nuts and dried fruit ....
I bought it for my parents and had it send to them. I think they enjoyed it very much
Yes. In the "about us" description under the "about the seller". It states all fruits are grown in California. Hope this helps.
I don't know. Not worth the price though, all the fruit tastes bland. Dont waste your money
Maybe 30-36 oz not a lot. .. Just right for a family
2.5 lbs
Guessing it's perhaps 10 x 10 or 8 x 8. It's a beautiful tray of fruit, ordered it twice. It's a lot of fruit for 1 or 2 people, many days of regularity.
no sugar added. but, you do have Sulpher Dioxide
We experienced poor results in our attempts to store the fruit. It became dried out and discolored. On three trays of fruit that were consumed quickly, the fruit was very tasty and looked very presentable.
Fruit is shrink-wrapped after packing in wooden crate, for food safety and packaging arrangement preservation.
Hello, Mr Showalter has reviewed a similar gift from another dried fruit seller. The Mosiac Dried Fruit Tray is by Golden State Fruit. There is an experiation date on Golden State Fruit dried fruit and nut trays. In general, dried fruit can last 4-6 months. After opeing the package, any remaining fruit should be stored in an airtight container, in a cool, dark place. Fruit that has been sulphured should NOT be kept in a metal container, as the sulpher can react with the metal and cuase discoloration of the fruit.
Unfortunately, YES.. there is some SD on a portion of the fruit.
Prior to completing the purchase, while it is still in your cart, there is an option to mark it as a gift. When you then go to pay for it you will be given an option to fill out a card.
The net weight of the food is 1lb. 10 oz. Unopened the nuts could easily last a year. Once opened the freshness of nuts can be maintained up to 6 months in a airtight container or bag in the refrigerator. The fruit unopened could easily last 2 years. Opened but kept in airtight bag or container would maintain freshness for a year. I don't recommend putting the fruit in the refrigerator because it will get hard and lose that chewy soft texture. I hope this response helps.
Hi, There is no added sugar in the dried fruit or the nuts in this gift.
It was a gift for someone else do I don't know. Sorry
if I remember it was about 12" by 8 0r 9". Was a nice size for about 4 0r 5 people. A nice arrangement.
Hello, cuurently Golden State Fruit does not ship outside the US.
No, I don't recommend that. It will dry out the fruit. The nuts will be OK, though.
I cannot find info that it is organic and so probably isn't. It is made up of fruits and nuts that should be nonGMO and that is why I chose it.
Can I Ship We would like to inform that the dried fruit is packed into bags for each sl disease and high cleanliness. 's Ad box will The decor is beautiful only. We can ship as scheduled. I hope that we continue to serve you. Organic Thai
It didn't have any information noting if it had gluten in it or not.
"Ingredients: Refined coconut oil, Artificial butter flavor, and Beta Carotene (as coloring agent)"
Ingredients: Refined coconut oil; Artificial Butter Flavor; & Beta Carotene (as coloring agent) Serv. size 1 Tbsp. Cal. 120; Total Fat 14 Gm Sat. Fat 12 Gm. Trans Fat 0 Gm. Cholesterol, Sodium, Protein, Sugar & Total Carb. all 0g. Info. is from jar label.
They are small 16oz bottles
No just the oil
Contains beta carotene as a coloring agent. And artificial butter flavor.
Yes the first ingredient listed is refined coconut oil
This is not a topping. It is an oil similar to what the movie theater uses to pop the corn in. You use a couple of tablespoons instead if your regular oil.It will take a couple of times for you to figure out how much to use so it suits your taste.
I have no idea what "low mold coffee" is. I don't even know where to look for that statement on the packaging. We do not refrigerate our coffee once it's open and we live in East Texas, which has high humidity lot of time, and we've NEVER experienced any of our coffees -- this one or others -- molding.
Refrigerated coffee will always stay fresher. So it depends how fast you plan on using it.
No
No pecans; just coffee beans.
No. Coffee beans.
I'm sorry...I don't see a flavour profile, and I'm not adept enough to taste it for myself. We use French Roast, and the description is "a sharp, bittersweet tang."
My last shipment of Cameron's Coffee was the Vanilla Hazelnut, but the length of time for expiration should be very similar. My last shipment arrived on 7/15/13 and the expiration date was 2/25/14. However, I no longer recommend Cameron's Organic Coffees. Even though I have been receiving other blends of their coffee myself, I think all their coffees have suffered in the past 6 months. They never used to taste bitter at all. I am moving on to other brands and have updated my online reviews of Cameron's Coffee.
I could not find one. Honestly , I didn't enjoy this coffee brand. It was tasteless as if it was roasted long ago. I drink my coffee without creamer/ sweetener.
I don't know what they do other than small batch roasting, but the coffee has a smooth delicious flavor, while being full bodied and intense at the same time.
I add chicken stock. You'll just have to experiment with the proportions. It's good stuff!
We find it is more flavorful (and safer) to brown the chicken well in a small amount of oil and then add chicken and pan juices to the mole.
We made two large batches from the 2 kg brick and had numerous meals. I would say at least a gallon. And it's really good too with a bit of a kick.
No, ingredients say it contains bread, wheat.
go to their website and ask them.
No can opener needed, it has a flip top.
Ingredients: Albacore tuna and sea salt. Sodium: 250mg (10%) per serving. Serving size: 2oz. Servings per container: 2.5
Yes we've certainly noticed and you're right, the price jump over the past year has been huge. I've taken it off my Subscribe and Save list, now I'm experimenting with Japanese bonito flakes (far more affordable with about 8 grams of protein per serving and almost no sodium) while very much missing this wonderful albacore. That said, who can afford it now? And I'll never go back to the crappy tunas sold in supermarkets, heck no!
Yes. It's definitely BPA free. I just saw the other reply. Edit: I could have sworn it was labeled BPA free. Sorry. I see from the website that they used to be labelled BPA free but removed it and are working on the issue. They also offer it in glass jars, which I prefer.
According to ingredients label, product is processed in Vietnam for a company based in CA.
Possibly almost indefinitely--atleast a couple of years
Processed in Vietnam, according to the can, in a micro cannery process. Does not say where it is caught although it says pole and troll and hand line caught.
Sorry I do not know...but tastes better than light chunk&#128521;
280 Calories, 13g Fat
Yes we do thanks
Hello I'm sorry I don't have that flavor
I have it at $8.99. also it will cost me more than the the alotted $6.77 to ship. In the end I'm selling it for about $5 after my shipping cost
Supplement Facts Serving Size: 1 Scoop (Approximately 4 Grams) Servings Per Container: Approximately 45. It says one scoop so sounds like a powder to me.
Powder, but good
I have NO idea-although I imagine most of the plants used, havent been genetically modified but the customer services at Madre labs is so truly terrible, that I dont have a lot of faith in the company.
They look bigger in the pictures, mine(I bought 4) were about 7 inches tall on average. Although it has grown about double that in 4 months. It's a small plant, but I am really enjoying mine. And I recommend buying the bamboo fertilizer and once a week use 2 drops.
I just keep mine filled with water. It's over the fireplace and not in direct sunlight. It's growing very well.
It's comes in the vase but it's not quite as pretty as the picture.
Hi sir from having bambos for years they need a small amount of direct light so my opinion I would think they would be fine just try not to get them to close to the light and always keep a possive additud yeah they love that oh if the bamboo starts changing color to a lighter green it needs real Sun so watch it close it could die so catch it first sign of disscolor and there you have it you will do great thank you hope I helped ya good growing
The bamboo is kept in a plastic bag with that food gel and a separate little box for the holder. It's actually pretty cool and it lasted me almost a year and that's with being away from work and forgetting to put water in it
Lucky bamboo
No it can not
Yes
The one I received is ceramic and really pretty too. The plant came in good shape and is thriving. Judy
I got the Brown one but didnt specify anything. I hope you get the brown too if that is what you are hoping for.
All I see is batch number.
The 10+ is a ranking of the content in terms of bee propylis, which is the antimicrobial agent in the honey. Tea tree lignens, which the bees gather through the pollen and nectar, are concentrated into the propylis they produce. The more potent the tea tree and the gatherings of the bee, the more the propylis strengthens. At 10+, it's not wise to eat this honey, because it will hurt your beneficial bacteria that we rely on to aid digestion. If you choose to eat it, it's wise to eat yogurt or some other beneficial bacteria containing food item, to restore the digestive tract's natural balance for bacterial presence.
All of our Manuka Honey is packaged in New Zealand and Imported into the US.
Kind of a medium to dark.....
Plastic. PET food grade plastic, recycle code 1
Unless they specifically say Soy shirataki, then it is zero calories. Sounds unbelievable, but if you over cook one, it will dry out to virtually nothing. Mainly water and plant fiber that give negligible energy, and may actually cost calories to try to digest...
It's been a long time since I bought them, but if I remember right those are the zero calorie / zerocarb variety . There is a variety that is made with tofu, those have a few calories, but about 20 per pack or less. These do not specify tofu though.
5 calories for 3oz 2 1/2 servings per bag
According to Consumer Reports article, any Dairy formula with due dates of July 2015 or later, and Dairy with DHA&ARA with due dates of January 2014 or later have been tested to be safe. Sadly I threw out my cans that had early due dates. The challenge when ordering online is to make sure the product you are getting is not from an old stockpile.
They do have a version with FHA already added. I always ordered direct from company. They have excellent customer service. It is the best formula on the market hands down. My dd used for 16 months.
Hi! I did buy both kinds. The one that include the DHA-RHA was sometimes low on stock, so sometimes I just bought the supplement and added it to the formula. DHA-RHA is recommend and I think some moms just buy it separate and add it in. This formula only added it to their formula a couple of years ago I believe. The supplement was sold separate. I DO recommend their DHA-RHA because it isn't from the algae like the other organic brands. Hope this helps :) and thanks for asking.
Hi Abbie, I did a lot of research before I decided to use Baby's Only toddler formula. I wondered the same thing, because I was looking to switch my daughter at 4 months as well. I read on many different websites, including their own. that they label their formula "toddler formula" because as a company they feel that the best milk for babies is breast milk. Here is a quote from their website: "Breast milk is the best organic choice. Baby's Only Organic is labeled a toddler formula to promote breast milk as the best first option. Following breast milk, parents can continue providing organic nutrition using Baby's Only Organic formula. For a baby less than 12-months, use as directed by a healthcare professional. "
Of course they are different depending on when they are purchased, but all mine expire June 2015.
June of 2015...
They are black, about 3/4 inch squares. Good flavor. Not too large. I bought a small candy container with a lid to keep them available. They are not individually wrapped.
Sugar, Corn syrup, artificial Flavor, Color added: Yellow 6, Blue 2, blue 1, Red 40 Approx. 15 calories per piece, and per serving size 4 pieces, 15g carbs, 13g sugar
I don't think it would be expired. I just received a shipment a few weeks ago and as far as I know, the products are still good. Maybe just a misprint.
The cartons are 32 oz. (or 1 qt.) Four, one cup servings per carton.
Copy this link into your browser and you will find it - http://www.amazon.com/Pacific-Natural-Foods-Organic-32-Ounce/dp/B002FYJTYW?ref_=pe_527950_34206950 Bill - Quality Green Products
750 mg per 1 cup serve...there is a low sodium version about 1/2 the sodium #
12grams per serving.
I'm sure it varies. When I got mine the sell-by date was 11 months away. (This stuff is so good there was no way that was going to be a problem!! :-)
Hi, the box says 750mg per 1 cup serving.
Yes. Certainly strong enough to handle any rattler not on steroids.
It is hollow which makes it nice and light when your using it to life a snake. I also use mine to stab and pick up trash in the woods so i dont have to bend over. It was worth every penny I paid. I use it spring and fall being a science teacher
Just color. They are the same otherwise. I like it so i dont have to get in the bite zone to pin its head. 40 inches is great
The label reads product of japan, and imported by JFC international Los angles ca.
Unlike other miso pastes that I have tried, this one contains no sulphites. However, it is difficult to say whether the ingredients are truly organic. Given the track record of Japanese vs American produce. I would trust the Japanese produce over American to be organic. Especially as the director of the USDA is the CEO of Monsanto, who's produce is outlawed in over 48 countries.
I read it lasts months in the fridge. I had it in there two months before I froze it in serving size sections.
Carageenan is the 7th listed ingredient.
The aseptic carton is 32 ounces, or four servings. In one serving, the label says there are four (4) grams of sugar. Under ingredients, it would appear that this comes in the form of organic evaporated cane juice.
Good question. I was not made aware of the x-dates on the cases I've bought in the past. I last purchased the product in mid-2013 and the x-date was December, 2013, which was plenty of time for me to use it. Remember, these products are packaged for long-term storage and stay fresh long after the x-date on the package. You may try to purchase just one at a local store to make sure you like it, before ordering a case from Amazon. Trader Joe's handles it, as do most "health food" stores. Our regular grocery stores sell it, too, in their "natural food aisle." Great product, the best soy milk out there, in my opinion.
Yes it is free of gluten.
We buy a case a month for my milk allergic son. The most recent case expires Feb 2014.
I'm sorry, I do not have a carton here to check.
Pretty high, depending on the curry. From 480 mg to 700 mg. But they re wonderful and the sodium can be diluted with adding rice if that is needed. I love these and don't eat them very often.
Hello Lauren, Yes, the butter chicken is delicious and less spicy, and liked by my husband and kids. I would recommend on ALL of the curry mixes using only half a packet and refrigerating or freezing the other half. Still flavorful -- may want to add a little cumin or ginger or garlic or salt, depending -- but not spicy. We like them and they're a great quick dinner.
Only time (multiple days to a week or so) and abrasion will remove the ink, so please, please, please use rubber gloves.
We've never had it around more than 3 months or so... we buy in bulk. But probably will last twice that at least!
I purchase this for a culinary school and keep it in the freezer. So far, no one has gotten sick and the ink appears to work just fine -- even after three months. Nothing to worry about. :)
The odor and flavor are subtle. I use one tablespoon to five cups of flour for pasta. The color of the pasta is jet black (amazing). I am on my fourth jar over the last two years. I have not tried other brands. I love this stuff!
It's pretty much tasteless to me. If you want fish taste, use fish or squid, not the ink.
The label says to refrigerate after opening. Once opened it will stay up to four years in the refrigerator.
2 is plenty. Don't use your fingers use. Small paint brush, dip it in the dust, hold it over the cupcake and flick the stem of the brush with a finger from the opposite hand. It will go way farther.
Sure. Keep in mind that this is ACTUAL glitter. It's non-toxic, edible and is very brilliant. If I were rimming a glass with it, I would mix it with sugar or salt.
25 five-gram containers if you only want one pinch per cupcake and 50 containers if you want two pinches per cupcake. I'd probably buy 40, myself.
I would think so, except it sticks to your lips. Everyone at my wedding had gold lips after eating cupcakes. Ha fun
Yes it does but not as much as I would like.
As far as I know disco dust has never been approved by the FDA for use on or in food. Disco dust is a non-toxic plastic craft glitter, that is often used in cake decorating to add bling to gum paste decorations, that will be removed from the cake before it is served. Since disco dust is non-toxic it is safe to touch food items but should not be consumed. Hope this information helps.
I think it would most likely dissolve.
No. It isn't for eating
These dusts are not a food product and should not be considered as such.
Probably 36-48 and potentially more if you're using really sparingly because a little really does go a long way.
Unroll bag and just cut one corner with scissors to form a mouth. Pour about 1 pound at a time into an airtight container, leaving the rest in the bag. Fold mouth part in, and duct tape shut. That's how I've done it for the past 2 years. Simple and efficient. Also, from everything I know about coffee beans, refrigerator storage is not recommended as it dries out the bean.
You should be happy with these Beans they are pretty well coated. I use them in my Fully Auto machine daily .
WE HAVE a Yura automatic. It works great. Just watch out for it being a bit greasy. But, it never caused us problems
We have had ours for 4 plus years with no problem
The exterior of the bean is glossy but not really oily. However, I have noticed a lack of consistency of the roast a bit from order to order, I just make slight brewing adjustments. Still very happy with the coffee. RM
No it's not decaf, strong dark oily beans.. My favorite coffee
I go with fine, as I have found this gives a stronger flavor.
I think it's a little lighter in flavor but not lacking in any way. It's not bitter and there's a good amount of creama that is generated with our Seaco espresso maker.
Before I found this Italian Roast, I was a French Roast drinker. I prefer the Italian Roast. It's worth a try!
There is no flavoring added......
trust me, 2lbs of dried mint leaves is a lot! Almost a shoe-box sized bag. I drink this tea daily and still not done with my bag
It is lined but it is also a lot of tea. I put half of mine in a tea tin.
Don't know, but it tastes just like the mint that we used to have in the backyard in Jamaica.
Carrageenan IS listed in the ingredients. It must be bad if you're asking. Please elaborate.
there is an expiration date on each carton and also once it is opened there is a time limit of 3 days to use it by. so far at our house no problem.
Sadly, it does. :(
No but it's fine. There is refrigerated and unrefrigerated in the stores. I honestly don't know the difference. I buy it and it stays in the pantry until there is room in the fridge - no problems! Enjoy!
No clue but they are delicious wherever they are from!
I don't make my own, but the info is here: http://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-Milk-an-Almond-fresh-homemade-almond-milk/
The new recipe is AWFUL. Bitter, chalky aftertaste, no hazelnut flavor. Yuck. Which dumbass at Nescafe thought the recipe change was a good idea?
Yes. You receive a total of 160 sticks.
The total weight for 1 box of 20 stick is 1.4oz - not 1.4 pounds. If you multiple 1.4oz x 8 boxes it will be 11.2oz. As a result 11.2oz will be equal to 0.7 pounds for 160 sticks (8 boxes x 20 sticks). R/ Sam
Don't have the "date" with me, but they are definitely the "NEW LOOK, Delicious New Blend" boxes in the redesigned packaging. I bought two of the 8 packs (16 boxes) and consolidated them 30 sticks per box to save on pantry storage before I realized they had changed the flavor. Since I opened them all to do this, I can't return any of them.
expiration date is stamped at the bottom of every package. So look at the bottom of your package
Best before Apr 2015
My last batch of packs have an expiration of October, 2014. Hope this helps.
You get 8 box's and each has 20 sticks-(packets), each of the 8 box's weigh says 20/0.07(2g) packets net weight 1.40 oz. (40 g) hope this helps, you can only use 6 oz. water or it is too weak
I'm not sure what. The date was but I do know that my purchase shipped all the way over to Afghanistan because I'm deployed and I still had at least a month before it reached the expiration date. Just to give you an idea it takes at least 10 days to ship over here so it was worth it.
It depends on if you get full octane or not. The lowfat lists; Organic Grade A low fat milk, Vitamin A, Palmitate, Vitamin D3. The whole lists; Organic Grade A low fat milk, Palmitate, Vitamin D3 Chocolate of course will have yummy stuff ;-).
No it does not. Only after opening.
I highly doubt it's toasted or cold pressed because it says nothing on the label stating either.
My experience is the same as Meredith. My cap secures by just pressing it down. Should work for you unless you bent the cap up to much in which case you'll have to reshape it with pliers. Note that mine comes up with a slight pry using a table knife. Note that I have taste tested and this oil is as good as I've tasted after 30+ years of cooking Chinese.
Cold pressed means pressed at temperatures below 113 and, usually refers to white untoasted sesame seeds. These are roasted and probably are pressed at a slightly higher temp to extract all the flavor and oil.
I had to put that white plastic ring on 1st and then push the lid down.
Not that I am aware of`. The biggest issue is the can opening but I transferred most to a different container.
It is refined oil.
I was it for most of my asian cooking
It is very dark and so I am guessing it's black sesame, but it got thrown away, it was awful The smell was terrible and we could not even cook with it.
I was not able to find it on our can anywhere. We found this Sesame Oil to be very strong and we were not able to use the product, we disposed of it after trying it a few times. Sorry I can't be of more help.
it is toasted.
The seeds are roasted before being pressed.
Sorry, I have no idea. I just use it for cooking. But I would imagine it would be good, just as olive oil is good for your hair.
There's nothing printed on the bottle (stating) about being produced in a factory with any types of nuts.
Glass bottle.
I have this product and use it in place of toasted sesame oil.
It actually doesn't say. I have tried Grandmas Molasses, Plantation, Wholesome, and Golden Barrel molasses. I like this one and the Plantation the best. I've been using unsulphured blackstrap molasses since March 2012 and it definitely helps with grey hair. I noticed a change in my hair in about 3 months. I used to highlight my hair because of the gray hair. Now, I don't color or highlight my hair any more. There is very LITTLE gray and what I do have, it doesn't bother me a bit. I am not a fan of the Golden Barrel molasses. It is not as thick.
I bought a case and loved the savings, but was also disappointed it was in plastic. The company was great to deal with, but they should realize that anyone buying this product is health conscious and would want it in glass.
The label says it is organic blackstrap molasses.
Hi Marcia,Your answer is yes it is Gluten free.No pesticides,No chemicals,No herbicides,No added coloring.Just PURE Organic sugar cane Molasses! Very high in potassium,and the ingredient is (Organic Blackstrap Molasses) It is a hidden cure for many,many things in life Thank You. Robert!
My bottle states Product of Paraquay
The ingredients on the back say: Organic Blackstrap Molasses.
Calcium-115mg-10% Iron-15% That is all of the information provided on the bottle.
This is not the correct description for this product. We will contact Amazon to correct this problem. Here is the correct description: Wholesome Sweeteners' full-bodied Organic Molasses is wonderful in baking, BBQ, marinades, baked beans and cakes. It adds a distinctive old fashioned flavor you just can't get from any other sweetener. Use as a 1-for-1 organic replacement for refined molasses. Organic, fair trade & kosher certified, not filtered through animal by-products and suitable for vegan and halal diets. Loaded with minerals, Vitamin B6, Potassium, Calcium and Iron.
I have used it for several years. I am 65 and my friends think that I use coloring. I swear by it but other friends have not gotten the results I have. I think it depends on your body chemistry. I like the taste and I have not used refined sugar for 15 years.
Plastic.
I just ordered on October 18, and the answer is no. :(
Yes, unless you like your tea really strong. Of all the English Breakfast teas I've tried, the Twinings is the best for the most reasonable price. It makes average strength tea.
I don't know how much caffeine in the K-Cup I know is strong and it's really good
I can only answer for my taste buds lol but i say yes
You buy a keurig or buy tea bags.
Yes, they are available. This is an outdated picture.
I am not a fan of Tazo so cannot really answer your request. I love Twinings English Breakfast Teas and have yet to find one I like better. I do think the Black Tea has a stronger, bolder flavor than the original. Hope this helps.
The Twinings website says that their tea contains 40 mg. of caffeine per 6 oz. serving.
NO! It is NOT! As pictured, it is the wrong packaging for the 2.0! To work on the 2.0, it must have an outer ring (white for this one) that states KEURIG BREWED several times around it. Their new packaging is sold on the Keurig site and you will see the packaging difference.
No, k-cups are bigger than the pods for a verismo.
The ingredient list includes water, propylene glycol, natural flavor, acacia gun, xanthan gum, and sodium benzocaine in that order.
Yes, you should be able to use this in melted chocolate. I'm not sure about the chemistry behind it, but it shouldn't seize. I use my emulsions in a mixture of 1/2 cup cacao powder, 1/2 cup coconut oil, 3 T. pure maple syrup and 1 tsp. emulsion of choice. I stir with a whisk until well blended, pour into chocolate molds, chill 30 minutes and it's perfect. Good Luck!!
most definitely! if you know the unique properties offered by lemon zest, using this product along with it intensifies the lemon flavor, without tasting artificial or becoming overpowering. Love all things lemon!
Lemon Bakery Emulsion is a thick, opaque liquid made from water, propylene glycol, natural favor, acacia and xanthan gums, and sodium benzoate. It is used instead of lemon extract in recipes, and has a "more potent, robust flavor" that won't "bake-out" when exposed to heat (it's alcohol-free). Lemon oil is a clear, pale yellow liquid that is cold-pressed from the lemon peel; it can be used sparingly instead of grated lemon peel. I don't know if lemon bakery emulsion and lemon oil could be successfully substituted for each other in terms of providing a lemon flavor in baking; certainly a much smaller measurement of the oil should be used if you were to try this.
4 Fl ounces. That is way too high in price though if you ask me. Never pay more than 6 bucks for it from a merchant with shipping included. Briana once you buy this lemon emulsion you will never consider buying lemon extract again. The product is that good. But please don't pay 9.90 for it. Hobby Lobby sells it too if you have one in your area, and i'm sure not even they sell it for more than 7 bucks. Hope my info helps. :-)
Just for baking.
I would at least cut it in half because the oil is stronger than extract
it is, only one box was sent when I ordered it. I was so disappointed. Not sure how they are getting away with selling it for $8 dollars.
Ask Jeff B. There has to be a reason he has enough money to buy the Washington Post. Just how many packets of HerbOx did you buy?
It doesn't give an exact amount on the label, but it's the 2nd ingredient, so most likely, it's not suitable for a renal diet.
Yes, it is dairy free. Better to ask about the flavor and available photo ID. Mooooo.
The beef list yeast extract, the chicken does not. The chicken does have monoammonium glutamate.
go to http://www.hormelfoods.com/Brands/BrandWall/Herb-Ox-bouillon and click on the item. You have to scroll down the ingredients, but it says onion powder.
It is not in a tablet form. The individual packets contains approx. 8 gms of the Emergen-C juice powder.
No it does not. The only sugar free one they have is the one called Lite. It has a citrus taste, but no sugar. It goes down quite well, either in 100% juice or just by itself in water. Hope this helps.
65mg per packet - so it says on the label
Goodness, in all honesty, I have no idea.
I believe the LITE version. lemon/lime flavor has no sweetners
I believe they are all the same formula, just different favors.
September 2015
Hi Dana.... about 2 years from the purchase time... i always purchase the bundle pack cause is cheaper than buying it a CVS or any other pharmacy
varies date
yes it does have some artificialsweetners but low amounts i feel the same but tried it any way & have drank it since for years now. if you go to their web site they will send you free samples to try before you buy. i have mine on automatic delievery w/ amazon which is wonderful.
Well, yes it could but if the temperature of said cereal is 118 degrees or above it will degrade some of the effects. At 118 degrees enzymes breakdown and at higher temperatures other nutrients are destroyed or change shape at a molecular level making them harder for your body to assimilate them. For optimum results mix this with raw food... if added to cooked food add once the temp drops below 118... this will still have some value when the enzymes are destroyed but not as much.
From sunwarrior's website "All our products are gluten free except for Activated Barley and Ormus Super Greens, which naturally has some gluten."
I would recommend using the Frustration Free Packaging (FFP) service. It's packaged so that won't happen. I use it whenever it's an option!
Ten. I cut 'em in two to make twenty. Seems to work fine. Just remember that the effect lasts for hours, so during that time, other dishes taste different. That's why I only use them for dessert--after the main dinner.
There's ten of them. Hope that helps. :-)
According to my box, the only ingredients are Dried Miracle Fruit Pulp and Potato Starch. Carbs are 0.3g per 1 tablet.
I used to sell them through Amazon UK but then Amazon banned them. From what I understand they are legal but I would start with a small amount to make sure. Please contact me at my Funkyfoodshop website.
Chewy but you need to let it dissolve on your tongue to have the full effects.
The packaging says "can be stored for 18 months" so I'd assume u have a year or so after the package arrives
Maybe 15-20 minutes but everyone is different. BTW, I cut each tablet into 3 parts and that works just fine for me. I use it to drink warm lemon/water in the mornings.
About a half hour or so
Yes, shipping to Europe is available.
Kind of like Sweet Tart candy. Its not bad tasting at all. Try it!
First ingrendient: Nonfat Milk. Second ingredient: Corn Syrup Solids. Hope this helps.
It is on can. I found that most of them have real good date. But look out for the newborn formula, i got some from a company on here called ABC. It was close to out of date. Other than that, i have had no problem with the dates.
When I buy it from Amazon the expiration date is usually over a year from current date.
My niece loves this and she only drink this brand. I buy it for her every two month. And it's good for her growing. She is taller than the others in the same age. She loves smilling.
For vacations or long distance away, you can bring this product to use for replacement, but you can still use whole milk if you like.
I have not fed him whole milk, I think formula powder is better than whole milk before 2 years old
Milk powder can be stored for a long time.
201501
If I remember it correctly, it is about 2 months in the refrigerator once opened.
Well, the ingredients are miraculin and potato starch, so... it tastes starchy. Imagine you dehydrated a slice of potato and took a bite of it.
Total fat 0g; sodium 0mg; total carbs 0g; protein 0g
Yes it is organic
Says on the package to "keep in a dry place and at a temperature under 70F" Based on expiration date, shelf life is about 2 years or so (though with any sorta herbal thing, you can expect it to be better and more potent when it's fresher). Hope that helps.
Corn Starch will provide a binding action and also add bulk to the tablet.
It says fructose and sucrose on the ingredients list. Try the no sugar added cherries by Country Spoon!
I don't have the packet here with me at this momento but I don't think so.
not to my knowledge. i just wonder if raisins arent as beneficial as well as less expensive
I uses these in a dessert a while back. They are like any other dried fruit. I didn't notice thT they had oil in them. They were quite tasty.
We distribute non-irradiated Organic Almonds imported from Spain
Yes
From Superior Nut Company: Allergy Information: Contains Almonds. This product is packed on equipment that also packages products that contain wheat, soy, peanuts, milk and other tree nuts. May contain wheat, soy, peanuts, milk and other tree nuts.
THESE ARE NOT RAW NOR ORGANIC!!!
Due to a new law passed by Congress all nuts grown in the US have to be pasteurized. I have found unpasturized ones on Amazon that come from Spain and Italy.
Yes. That's pretty much what they are. Red 40, Red 3, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Blue 1, Blue 2, Titanium Dioxide....and then a bunch of other stuff water, sugar, modified corn starch, citric acid, etc.
I've used them in dying wool, and they are food safe so I'd say they'd work pretty well, actually.
Each bottle is 0.75 oz. Not sure about the expiration date, couldn't find one listed. But usually food coloring lasts a few years.
I have used the dye with white chocolate melts and white almond bark with no issues
Super black, Sky blue, Copper, Lemon yellow, Forest green, mint Green, Deep Pink, Mauve, Peach, Burgundy, Red Red and Fuchia
Yes, it's taste less and the color is vibrant.
Yes you can use them the same way. They are more vibrant in color. But you can also use a very small amount and make the same color more of a pastal color. I love working with them.
Americolor gels are peanut & tree nut free. They don't use any animal byproducts & they are gluten free. They are also Kosher certified! They are the best colors hands down! LOVE them! http://www.americolorcorp.com
Angie you would have to either dilute this with a lot of water or purchase the air brush color set. just make sure the sprayer is really clean between each color usage. This is what i used to do till i found the sir brush color online here at Amazon. Thanks
They are super concentrated. I use it for fondant therefore I can't say if you'd use the same amount for play dough. I'll tell you this.....for my fondant I use two-three drops to get the desired color I want per 1lb of fondant as opposed to Wilton's colors where I use half the container for 1lb of fondant. Hope that helps a little.
To make lollipops different colors
Dear laraine Rubin, I do not know, because I'm not Jewish, I'm from Georgia, Tbilisi and I am orthodox christian, so for me it is not be sure to know that kosher food or not. Come to Georgia, Tbilisi. For the Jews, Georgia second motherland. Best regards Gia.
I like it..works very well for me...I have been doing cakes for over 30 years and I like there colors gel and for air brushing.
There is no way to select that. Maybe contact the seller directly?
These are my favorite colorants for my French Macarons. I don't think they will glow under black light, but they are really strong colors. My favorites.
No
they are not in shell. they are rather tasteless and not fresh enough for me to order again. I considered returning them.
As far as I know, the macadamia tree only grows in Hawaii.
No they are not salted
They are shelled.
One tablespoon is a serving and it has 620MG of sodium
water, wheat gluten, salt, sugar, soybeans, caramel coloring, sodium benzoate and potassium sorb ate, preservatives
620mg pe
After water, wheat gluten is the second ingredient on the label.
I purchased this item on 1/3/14 and the expiration date on the bottom is 1APR2015. FYI, Nature's One says cans of LactoRelief with an expiration date of Feb 2015 or later includes the specially filtered brown rice syrup. (The expiration date for their regular Dairy Formula with this process is May 2015)
I believe it's the same they changed the name
I received mine a few weeks ago and the expiration is good until 8/16. I would advise not buying too much before the baby tries it. They may be allergic or just not like it. Both my babies do great with it.
You are avoiding soy protein with the Dairy formulas. The soy in the Dairy formulas is Organic Soybean Oil, listed 4th or 5th in ingredients, depending on the formula; the protein is from Organic Milk Protein Concentrate. The Soy formula specifically has Organic Soy Protein Concentrate as the second ingredient, but it also has the Organic Soybean Oil.
Powder
I purchased this item on 1/3/14 and the expiration date on the bottom is 1APR2015. FYI, Nature's One says cans of LactoRelief with an expiration date of Feb 2015 or later includes the specially filtered brown rice syrup. (The expiration date for their regular Dairy Formula with this process is May 2015)
Beings TimTams were gifts I asked my daughter to send me the info. This is what she sent me. Here is the info you wanted about the Tim Tams. They contain Wheat flour, Sugar, Caramel (condensed milk, sugar, butter, glucose from wheat), vegetable oil, milk solids, cocoa butter, cocoa mass, golden syrup, salt, rising agents and colors. There is some other stuff, but that is the majority. At the bottom of the ingredient list, it says "May contain traces of egg, nut, peanut and sesame." This should answer your question and if I can get a phone # or e-mail to the company I will let you know. If I recall correctly I think this product is make in Australia.
I believe so. Yes.
They can last for several months if unopened. Longer if refrigerated prior to opening.
Yes
I am not sure what listing you are reading but 1 pack of Tim Tam's is $7.95 + Shipping.
No, because it is shipped from Thailand. We estimate you will receive this order within 17-26 days.
I believe there were something like 11 cookies in there. 11 very delicious cookies :)
It was a package of Tim Tams.
Arnott is by far superior. The chocolate is better, the textures are better. Pepperidge Farm's are a decent substitute, it will never be Arnott's.
It woudl be safe to presume that they would ship non-expired product. The expiration date is likely from the original listing.
I've never done it. But I think it is quite possible.
Seaweed doesn't smell like fish - it smells like the sea. If you don't like that smell, Ummm... "ITO WAKAME" is different from the Wel-Pac - Fueru Wakame, as far as I know. Anyhow, the seeweed is washed in salt water, then laid out to dry in the sun. This is Wakame. Ito(Ito means thin thread) Wakeme goes beyond this process. When drying, charcoal ashes shall be sprinkled over it. The charcoal neutralizes an enzyme in the seaweed, and by doing so, helps to preserve the seaweed. Before using, wash under running water, and soak for half an hour. If the surface has some oily texture, wash with sea salt first. And the smell still bothers you, change the brand (and or the country of origin.(ex like Made in Korea, Made in Japan, Product of xxxx) To me, ito wakame means the product from Naruto&#65288;&#40180;&#38272;&#65289; (Japan). Do you see any information printed in the bag?
use " kombu" to make dashi broth. Fueru wakame is normally used for salad or miso soup.
Hi Charles, this is not sheet nori/seaweed. It is small pieces, which expand on cooking.
I have no idea what you are talking about. If the seller tells lies about the origin of the product, it shall be "fraud". (Ex. Wakame imported from Korea is sold as the product of Japan (Japanese Wakame) . Sea Salt from Mexico (Printed (declared) on the package) is sold as XXX(In this case, xxx represents the area of Japan) Salt might be confusing, but is legal and acceptable. If Kobe beef (real one, not just the registered name) is written on the restaurant menu and this beef was actually Angus beef, it constitutes a criminal act. If my memory is correct, the package name is just Fueru Wakame (Expanding Wakame), thus, any wakame imported from anywhere in the world can be used. And if the product is made in Japan, (not made and packaged in Korea or China), it is considered to be a product of Japan, though the Wakame was imported from somewhere even from the United States) And if FDA regulates the real country of origin of the product, the manufacturere must state (print) the country on the package itself. So I have no idea about your question. If the South African Wakame's quality is good and the prices are competitive to the other suppliers , what is your problem? However, as far as I know, Fueru Wakame is a registered name in Japan by Riken Vitamin. "Wel-Pac" product is OEM, I think. (It is just like a Kirkland product sold at Costco. ) I guess Riken Vitamin produces Wel-Pac product distributed by JFC, And its web pages show only 3 places (Japanese origin, Korea and China) In this regard, Riken Vitamin Company clearly specifies the origin of the product when they market Fueru Wakam Series. Any how, if you really really concern about it, ask the right source Such as Wel-Pac. Not the consumer.
It expands to irregularly shaped pieces between one to two inches or so on a side. Some long rectangles, some broken shapes.
After opening I keep mine sealed in a ziplock and its lasted me over a year to date. Thanks
Each bottle us .75 oz but very little is needed to achieve brilliant color.
Ask the manufacturer directly. See email here http://www.americolorcorp.com/ Eh, scroll down the page. States no tree nuts or peanuts in their facility. Nor are animal products are used and gluten free.
Have not used it for play dough, but used it once for marshmallow fondant... it did stain my hands when mixing the color, but it's very easy to wash from your hands... the color does not transfer as much after I rested the fondant (in plastic bags), so in all yes, it stains, but not so much it will stain forever, as long as you wash your hands with warm water and light soap.
I think you should play on the safe side and contact the company, there may be something that reacts with dairy products that makes it unsafe. I wouldn't trust a consumer answering this question if I was you.
I don't care for fondant, so don't use it, but I know that gel colors are better, brighter (specifically AmeriColor) for fondant. Hope this helps.
I have not tried it on fondant, but I tried it with buttercream and the color ran.
I used it to color melted white chocolate, so probably?
We used enough dye (a few drops) to make our icing the color of Thomas the Tank Engine, which is a medium cyan. Maybe with enough saturation you could achieve royal blue.
No. No it's not
I checked the package and nowhere is that information listed. It does say made in the USA. I suggest contacting the company: Americolor, Placentia, CA 92870. Maybe they have a website and/or customer service toll free number. Good Luck!
Yes. My wife has done that though she mainly used them on cake balls.
I don't think so. It doesn't work well with moisture. Cheese would be more moist than fondant. Even fondant after a while you have to let it sit for awhile.
I've used these to write on everything from sugar cookies, cake pops, and cupcakes. They write very well on each surface. I also used this to make candy eyes and they turned out looking great.
I don't think so.. the ink is not runny. It's comparable to a firm felt tip marker.
Ingredients: Water, Propylene Glycol, May contain one or more of the following: U.S. Certified Food Colors: Red 3, Red 40, Blue 2, Yellow 5, Yellow 6, Citric Acid, less than 1/10 of 1% Sodium Benzoate and Potassium Sorbate (as Preservative).
Yes. They would work well on fondant
I was just making faces for Lego pops (so two dots and a smile on each pop) and these only let me go so far. I did maybe 5 before they started to look terrible. You can probably do a few but if you have a lot, I don't think it will work. Maybe I just got a bad batch of pens??
I suppose you could. I take it the ticks are coming in contact with food? These are just some kind of food coloring which i use them to decorate cookies. I would not waste them on the sticks if they are not coming in contact with food.
I tried it on a smooth party plate and it smudged. It works fine on card stock so I think it would be fine on plain white paper plates.
It will be challenging. The pens have a fine tip, but they are sort of flexible. Sort of like a paintbrush, but not with bristles, just a solid flexible end. If you look at the second picture on the item's page, you'll see what I mean. They may work for your intended purpose, if you have a very steady hand. I will say that they're better than other brands that I have purchased. I bought them, along with a multicolor set, to decorate iced sugar cookies and they worked very well for that purpose. Good luck!
You can but it is food coloring so when the cloth gets wet the colors will run and mostly wash out.
This is strictly for airbrush. Airbrush coloring is as thin as water so you would need to get a gel or paste coloring to use for fondant as this would definitely ruin your fondant and gumpaste. I am a professional and have been in the business for 17 years and I WOULD NOT use airbrush coloring for anything other than airbrushing. Good luck. :)
I use these to decorate icing all the time. I love the colors i get and I usually do not have to use very much to get great shades.
They don't go bad so long as they stay capped Ive had a bottle of avocado green for 5 years and its still good to use the metallic colors and sheen colors separate but you just shake them a bit before use
Below are links to some people who did some research on this... although they aren't recent so PG Tips could have changed. But basically they use Dichloromethane. http://tryagainbaby.wordpress.com/2012/08/19/decaf-myth/ http://sallys-site.blogspot.com/2010/02/pg-tips-decaffeinated-bad-choice.html
Yes. When I received it it was a 2pack, 2 boxes with 80 bags each.
Good Morning, Thank you for your email. I can confirm hat we can ship to Hong Kong. I hope this helps! Kind Regards, Grace
Raw light-brown coarse sugar that has been steam-cleaned, made from the first crystallization of cane juice and retaining some molasses
I don't see why it wouldn't be...it's a bit of a larger grain than your refined sugar, so I would think it would be better, in fact. The only benefit I could see is it is the raw product, not the bleached, refined product...but though think the larger grain would prove more efficient in exfoliating in a sugar scrub. Also, just fyi, but cutting a grapefruit in half, using half of the grapefruit and sprinkling or dipping the grapefruit in the sugar, you can use it to scrub your tub/sink and all the grime just comes off and rinses away...and its all natural...leaves a nice scent behind as well. :)
I use turbinado sugar in any recipe that calls for granulated sugar, have never used it lieu of brown sugar. Have used brown sugar and turbinado together and it worked very well.
I would imagine it is on the package. I use it because it is not refined white sugar.
Label just says "corn syrup solids".
Yes, this is for 2 regular cans, same size we buy at Costco. And yes, the price is high but it runs the same everywhere online. Guess as a warehouse market Costco can sell cheaper but I agree that $40 is way too high.
The contents label does not specify the amount of caffeine, however, it is listed at third from the end of the contents list. That list usually appears to identify contents with largest amount first and then down in graduated amounts.
Maybe from different seller. Not any more. Thanks, Alex.
Yes, there is instant coffee in it.
Yes it is gluten free. Gluten is NOT listed in the ingredients.
Much larger than nonpareils. Without measuring, I would estimate they are in the 3-4mm range.
I'm pretty sure they'll stay with their shape as long as the chocolate isn't too hot. However, I still wouldn't use but a very few on pretzels because they are larger. I'd still stick to smaller sprinkles for comfort of eating.
yes
Dextrose, Corn Syrup, Sugar, Partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (cottonseed/or soybean), corn starch, artificial color, Carnauba wax, soy lecithin, gum arabic, hydroxylated soy lecithin. Nutrition facts: Ser. Size: 1 tsp. (4g) about 35 pearls. Caloties 15. Total fat 0g Sodium 0mg Total carb 4g Sugar 3g Protein 0g Made in a facility that also prpcesses peanuts, tree nuts, milk and wheat products.
Yes, they are real looking like pearls, only smaller. We had no problems with chewing them.
Hii you would probably need to use at least 10 bottles well decorated for 150 cupcakes
Thank you for your inquiry. Unfortunately, we do not carry the sugar pearls in red.
Hi, Unfortunately we do not.
These are hard candies- you could glue to clay, but would be time consuming. They won't melt.
While there may have been alcohol in the processing part of the production, it would have been cooked off and therefore irrelevant. There are no pork products. (No gelatin, if that's what you're asking. It uses wax as a holding agent)
GMO free
no, it is rather fine in texture.
Not especially, but if you eat a lot of them or put butter or sugar on them, they might be.
About 18 months from the time I received my last shipment until the use by date.
The bags I ordered a few months ago have exp dates near the end of 2016. I keep mine in the freezer because in our area corn is very prone to getting weevils.
Can ship out within a few business days. Shipping rates are based on weight.
Yes corn is Gluten free and I do use regular corn meal without a problem but I believe sometimes corn products can be processed in the same plant as wheat. Red Bob Mill has a dedicated plant for only Gluten free processing of all their Gluten free products. I like their corn meal because it has a nice taste and texture.
I'm not sure but I use them interchangeably.
I don't know - assume not organic or pastured or they would state it on their packaging. Suggest emailing the company and asking. Good question, I've wondered myself.
No oils or lard are added to this product, they cook using the fat in the pork rind.
No
put a paper towel on a small plate. Put about 1/4 to 1/3 cup chips on the paper towel. Microwave for two minutes. Let sit for a few minutes as they will be hot. If all the chips don't cook, you can put theuncooked chips back for another minute. Put the cooked chips in a plastic bag to keep them fresh. As for baking them in the oven, I have never tried that. However, the chips will go stale after a couple of days, so you don't want to cook too many at once if they will not be eaten right away. They are delicious!
One 16 oz. container of dry ranch mix will make 2 gallons of dressing.
No it is plastic.
Yes it is a powdered mix that you add milk and mayonnaise and make the freshest tasting ranch dressing. So much better than bottled.
MSG is in this.
All you need besides the ranch mix is milk and mayonnaise. How much depends on how much dressing you wish to make. The dry mix is excellent on popcorn.
no, it uses milk, not buttermilk
No, mine does not clump. I live in Atlanta and it is also very humid here too. However, I keep it in a kitchen drawer and I am in a brand newly constructed apartment that is well insulated so I don't have interior humidity problems unless I leave the windows open for a long period of time, which I don't for security reasons. I've often seen soda crackers placed inside salt, sugar jars etc., which helps absorb moisture. Try that? Good Luck.
Mine does not list oil and it says there are 252 1/2Tbs servings. This is great stuff that we sprinkle on popcorn and put on roasts.
I would probably mix it first with the vinegar, to make a loose paste, and then whisk in the oil. Just adding it to an oil and vinegar mixture might lead to it "clumping". I'd also let it sit, after mixing, to allow the flavors to meld. I've used lots of different "white stuff" - yogurt, sour cream, buttermilk, mayo, and mixtures of any and all of them. I prefer using less of the Ranch powder than usually called for, and adding some of my own herbs/spices "to taste", along with black or white pepper. Have also used to "rub" chicken. Experiment. Enjoy.
I don't know, never used it in a slow cooker. I do use it for dry rub on chicken, beef, and pork in the smoker/BBQ/oven/pan fry and it is good. I'ts pretty salty so I use it sparingly. Or I use a little more and leave out the salt. They also have a Pappy's that has 50% less salt which is also good. I do like the flavor and would recommenced. Hope that helps. Thanks
We use it as a base seasoning for all kinds of meats: beef, chicken and pork. We also use it on roasted vegetables.
Yes, I think it would work very well. I have used it on everything from beef, chicken and fish for several years now. I would advise using it lightly as it can be quite salty if to much is used. Try tasting a little in a spoon before using it so you can maybe tell how much you should use. I would think as a seasoning for beef jerky should give you an awesome and great taste. Maybe I should consider doing this also.
Yes. It is incredible. It gives the meat a smokey and spivey kick. Enjoy it!!!
According to the package, "Salt, spices, paprika, sugar, celery, HVP (contains Soy), onion, garlic." They're not going to tell you what the "spices" are and give away their secret.
Kosher salt.
No 100% but says it contains HVP (which includes soy) and also sugar. No specific gluten free labeling.
If there is an ingredient that is less than 0.5 grams per serving, then a 0 will be printed on the nutrition label. This is fine for sugar. This can be very deceiving for other things though, such as trans fat.
Spirulina Dream, Chocolate Crave, Golden Cashew and Chocolate Coconut
yes! and they are yummy
Here's the break down of label 100 Cal, fat grams 7, 10 g carbs total, 2grams fiber, 3 gram protein. That is for coconut chocolate bliss, chocolate has 1 gram less fat and 10 less calories.
Very funny, none of course!!! Love love love this product!
3 gms
I am no expert but i do not think so. It is more like meal replacement...the best if for you to experiment. Its a bit paste-like, low calories..i dont think it is quick energy release for your use.
Not sure, but they taste great. You won't regret eating one of them before or after a workout.
Chocolate Crave Sugars: 6g Chocolate Coconut Bliss Sugars: 6g Spirulina Dream Sugars: 7g Golden Cashew Sugars: 7g
7 grams
7g, sat fat = 2.5g, trans fat = 0 other fats 4.5g total calories 100 calories from fat 60 (kind of high it seems, but since it is ORGANIC nut based it is to be expected.) And they taste great. Chocolate after taste with some coconut taste also stand out the most. I have no idea how a person would not like the taste of these bars. It does not have HFCS nor plain sugar that may make its taste different I guess. Sweetning is done with organic agave nectar.
box says keep in refridgerator after opening, and use within 5 days
" Delicious alder-smoked salmon fillet comes fully cooked"
Wish I could honestly say, but the meat is firm, juicy, and outright delicious. And a fair bargain.
No it did not have skin.
Wrapped in foil. Usually you do not freeze smoked products, just refridgerate.
As listed on the jar. Sodium -80 mg 3% and the Sugar 3 g
I don't have a jar on hand, but I belive its 3 g Per serving. Read the comments for other info.
80 for 2 TBS
During heat my family kept the bag in the fridge.
Sorry! I haven't the slightest idea. It is my daughter's favorite chewy thing so I send them to her now and then as a surprise. They recently added a new flavor. I like black licorice!
Yes, they have the ou
I am not sure about the coloring, but it said that the flavoring has real fruit juices in it.
Amazon
Good idea!!! My kids and grandkids love these!!! Have been a favorite for years!
I can't find anything on the package that says it's certified OU kosher. Just fat-free, gluten-free and peanut free.
buttercream flavored and was pleasant tasting
It depends on the shape of your cake. Here is a good rule of thumb for calculating how much fondant you need to cover a cake: ROUND CAKES: 6" cake with two layers (total height of cake 4") = 18oz 8" cake with two layers (total height 4") = 24oz 10" cake with two layers (total height 4") = 36oz Square/rectangle 6" cake with two layers (total height of cake 3") = 14oz 8" cake with two layers (total height 3") = 18oz 10" cake with two layers (total height 3") = 24oz
Yes, you could. It's a good store bought product. It cannot compare to homemade MMF; however, it far superior to Wilton. And it smells good. Takes some work to make it pliable, so give yourself some time to knead.
Cindy, Yes, you can add food coloring to the fondant. You will have to be sure to mix it thoroughly. I have used Americolor food coloring with this brand and it works just fine. Fondarific is also available in Wedding White (brighter white), Black, Blue, Green, Hot Pink, Orange, Purple, Red, Yellow, Pink, Lime, and Teal so you don't have to add food coloring to these. Thank you, Lana
The expiration date is usually one year+ out from purchase date. Once opened and colored I like to use it within one to two months
Yes
It depends on the thickness you plan to roll the fondant out, size of the cupcakes, and the Decoration you are looking to achieve. I do believe that this will be enough.
I would email or call amazon customer service and tell them what happened. Usually they will just let you return (free shipping) and send you a new one.
This fondant never firms up so you'll find your sculptures won't hold there shape. Although its my least favorite for covering cakes, I find Wilton's works better for sculptures since it dries better
Yes! That is exactly what I did. I made a cake in the shape of an open book and wanted a smooth surface. I first frosted the cake with a very thin layer of buttercream frosting. I then rolled out the fondant to a nice thin layer and placed it on top, tucking it around the edges. It worked perfectly, was easy to use and everyone loved the taste. I would use it again in a heart beat.
Not that I know of. They were always American made for as long as I can remember.
They are completely different candies. The Bit-O-Honey is a chewy/nougaty type of candy. It rates good, but I prefer jellies and Chuckles are the best tasting jellies for me.
Certification is Ko within a square...not sure who's certification that is, but I think it's a good one. Also, they are marked pareve. Hope that helps.
That is a great question. You love them of hate them . I Love them. Dose anyone know?
Actually it can be frozen. I've been doing that for years. When I get a 5 lbs. wheel, I cut it into the size wedges I want(usually 8 oz) wrap each wedge in film and freeze. Maybe my tastebuds are not as sophisticated as some others, but it works for me. The texture and flavor seems the same to me.
I'm not sure. Honestly, it never lasts long enough to have to refrigerate. It's always gone by the end of the evening. Sorry! If it ever lasts long enough to refrigerate, I will try to update.
No, you should never freeze a cheese. Cheese is living thing!!!!
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
It is all milk chocolate not dark
I believe their made in Switzerland. I have ordered then at least 3 time. The bars are large and the chocolate is very creamy . If you like good chocolate I would give them a try at least once. Please let me know if you do and how you like it ;)
yes. The chocolate arrived in excellent condition, however I did purchase it during the winter rather than the summer.
No... It is milk chocolate
Yes, we ship with frozen gel packs and thermal packing to warmer climates.
The 60 count box is 25.4 oz.
Hi Bear! there are 15 grams carbohydrates in a serving of 3 dark chocolate lindor truffles. So one of them would be 5 grams. A regular serving is considered to be 3 truffles. (cool name!)
At this time, we do not.
The Dark Assortment of Lindor Truffles in the 9.3oz bag are about 1/3 coffee dark chocolate. I can't find on Amazon any choice of all Coffee. Hope they become available.
right here!
right here!
Three balls come in at 220 calories. That's about a little under 70 calories apiece, though I am bad at math. Also 18 grams of fat in three, which is easier to divide :)
Yes
They use a frozen baggy, like you would put in your cooler, last about 6 hours and then melts leaving NO CHILL, plus they make it worse by putting this in a silver sealed bubble insulated outer bag, that after the frozen bag melts, it gets hotter inside the insulated bag.........a mess when it's hot outside, since it lays in the UPS truck for at least 6 hours while out for delivery, plus the travel to and from their hub. Best ordered in the fall, winter and early spring.
Not familiar with the term OEM...the chocolates are in the Lindt box pictured & are 60 individual pieces wrapped as exactly as they are when you purchase the 5 oz bags in the retail stores for around $4.00 each. The product is superior.. I tested!:)
I believe that a normal room temp 70-75 or so they would not melt or in the refrigerator...Will keep several months.
I would say 2-2.25 pounds, given that the item itself is 1.8.
The last day that they can be SOLD and still have the quality that Lindt considers the best. They still can be eaten , and I have, and the quality remains just as good.
They are made in Stratham, NC by Lindt & Sprungli (USA) INC. Website: www.lindt.com
Yes. The red ones are chocolate only, inside and out. To me they are the best ones!
I had them delivered to AL in the summer (temps in 90s) and they were OK. But it was 2 day shipping and I knew they were coming, so they didn't sit outside.
They arrive melted into one large mass of mushy chocolate,maybe 1 pound. Read back a ways and you will see many receive these melted and not even edible.
The cold packs provided by the shipper was excellent insurance against the melting of the chocolates. I would buy them again without worry.
no
Yes they are individually wrapped.
Now is the time to buy them, before hot weather starts. They definitely won't go bad in 2.5 months if you keep them in a cool, dark place. One thing I suggest is open a couple on arrival to make sure they haven't been e posed to heat before they arrived you. Congratulations on your upcoming wedding!
good question...I have never thought about it ...
Yes they were very very good! Good price too for the quantity you get
An 8.5 ounce tin has 6 Fingers, 6 Triangles, 3 Thistles, 3 Rounds, 3 Hearts...total of 21 cookies....so a 58.4 ounce can will have 21 cookies x 7 tins (58.4/8.5) = 147 cookies approximately...more than enough for 25 people to have 2 cookies each.
L - 11.25", W - 9", D - 5.75"
My recollection is that the various sections were individually wrapped with 5-6 cookies in each section. I would not swear that my memory is accurate, but I am sure that there was no problem with staleness. Of course, they are so good that they didn't last long enough to get stale! Hope you enjoy them. Bob
Who cares,if you like to count calories buy turnips.
Hello, each tin is individually marked with it's own expiration date. When I placed the order sometime earlier in the year, the tin arrived within 1 year of the expiration date marked.
Don't know what you have, Nicole. Assuming you are starting from scratch you will need the "wine making hardware" which can be purchased from Amazon or at your local Wine/Beer making hobby shop. That includes 1 six gallon carboy (really need two), a hydrometer, floating thermometer, stirring paddle, six gallon fermenting bucket, corking tool, wine "trap" to perform hydrometer readings, air lock (preferably 2), 6' of clear tubing. In addition to these basics I'd recommend an auto syphon. Once completed you will need bottles which can be purchased or have someone you know at a pub to save their wine bottles for you....remove labels (recommend removing with hot water, then run cold water over the glued area and remove hardened glue with a single edge razor blade. Rinse in super hot water then sanitize before filling. This kit will make 30 bottles (750ml) or 15 of the 1.5 liter. I like to fill some of both.
Basically it really depends on the grape. Most of your fruit type wines have a plastic container of syrup which may be strawberry that you can cut down on the amounts. The basic wine will be a blush and is not sweet until you add the fruit.
Wait p to another week. If it still oesn't clear. report it to mazon and they will probabluy replace the kit
The kit makes between 28-30 750 ml bottles depending on the sediment waste.
No....but does come with corks...seals...and labels....very good buy....I have ordered over fifty kits and have been extremely pleased with every one
Mindy, I have never noticed anything floating from any of my kits and I've done quite a few. I don't know if maybe something was in the bag or if something may have fallen into your bucket as you were beginning your primary. If its something of concern that may possibly contaminate the wine, I would recommend contacting amazon for a replacement. I hope this helps. Good luck with your wine!
It is Reisling. My initial tasting at bottling time impressed me. Cant wait til its really ready.
Mine only made 28 375ml bottles...
Juice concentrate (primary and secondary booster), yeast, stabilizer, clearing agents, instructions and some info/fact cards about origins of ice wines and other products available from the company. No labels or corks. This kit does make a really good icewine! I would do another one if I wasn't busy with all of the other wines I have in progress already. We served it at a wine party and the majority of our guests really liked it. Note: this kit is designed for a 3 gallon yield, so only 15 750ml bottles or 30 375ml bottles. Make sure you have a 3 gallon carboy for secondary fermentation! Enjoy!
Yes, this kit produces 3 gallons of wine.
Sorry.. I purchased this item and sent it to my mom. I'm not sure how many items were in it
It is not instant coffee. Sorry.
Brew coffee. Instant hot chocolate.
Not very large but my mom enjoyed it.
It is in the description.
To be honest I never saw it. Went directly to customer as an token of thanks
It was a gift to my father, it did have some cookies along with the different coffee favors he really enjoyed it.
Good question! This is always a concern of mine as well since I use it for a lot of natural remedies, health & beauty, household cleaning & deodorizing, as well as ingesting it in different ways ranging from baking to alkalizing water.... I have contacted Arm & Hammer personally in the past because there ARE brands that contain aluminum, as well as sometimes a company can get away with not listing it due to such miniscule amounts. Arm & Hammer baking soda absolutely does NOT contain aluminum. Hope this answered your question thoroughly!
I went to the source for this question and here is what I learned: The 13.5 pound bag is the same as what's in the 1 pound box, and is approved by the FDA for baking. There is a 5 pound box that is a more coarse formulation and not considered a food product. It is still sodium bicarbonate, but due to the granularity, the result of using it in food would be unpredictable, and in any case is not FDA approved for baking. Thanks for this question, I learned something new.
it will raise the ph in pools making it more alkaline.. if your pool is acidic add some baking soda.. dont add too much or it will turn your pool cloudy and also it will clog your pool filter .. I added some once and added it to my skimmer but it didnt dissolve fast enough and went directly to my filter and clogged it up.. I put the whole box at once so add small amounts at a time! Shawn
I am sure it would be fine. It can be ingested as an indigestion aide.
I do. I use a little of this one drop of cinnamon essential oil and one drop of clove essential oil.
It is ridiculous that the "prime Free shipping" cost has been added. That makes this not a free shipping item, doesn't it????
Mine were broken too at least 25%.
Bite size. One or two bites.
I may not be precise but I would say the tops were about 2 inches. They were prob 1/2 inch deep if that. You could eat them in one or two bites. They were a lot smaller than I expected but ended up being the perfect size for eating.
Yes, they were delicious! My husband made pastry cream and decorated with fruits. They will stay crispy for about 3 hours once they have the cream. I hope this help.
Yes, they aren't too sweet to use for savory fillings.
I baked some without any problem. Because they hold such a small amount, you don't have to leave them in the oven long to cook the filling, so there is little chance of burning them.
I've frozen the extra ones I have.
Yes, they can be frozen.
My container says " tamarind extract only "
It is a thick dark paste.
No, it's different. Here's a recipe I found for tamarind juice: http://www.food.com/recipe/tamarind-juice-310798. You can order the pulp (called for in the recipe here on Amazon). I think you can also order the juice on here. Hope that helps.
Yes it does.
Two years at room temp (it will darken) at least, indefinitely in the fridge. The paste is quite acidic so it isnt prone to spoilage.
https://www.google.com/search?q=Tami+con+paste+tamarind&client=ms-android-att-us&source=android-browser&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=uu5rU5KTNcLxoASy2oGwCg&ved=0CEkQ7Ak&biw=360&bih=640#facrc=_&imgrc=zXctF1_udFPK3M%253A%3BJYSZXppX-gjdhM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fecx.images-amazon.com%252Fimages%252FI%252F71nICYTpKPL.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.amazonsupply.com%252Ftamicon-tamarind-paste-8-ounce-unit%252Fdp%252FB001EPPC8K%3B822%3B1182
Label says "Ingredients: Tamarind extract only."
Yes, that is why I purchased it (can't find it in the stores where I live). But, you may need to adjust your recipe. I used it for recipe shown on Bobby Flay's Phad Thai throwdown.
We just keep it in the cabinet even after opening.
Hi Dusty - the company says it's non GMO. that's all there is. i can tell you this, i have lupus and i get very sick eating food that's gmo or processed; after 50 lbs of these i have not become sick. this of course doesn't answer your question, but it's the best i can do. :)
It depends on your pillow size. Probably yes. But this is a very pricey soybean. People like me to buy it for soybean milk. In many other stores, you could get nice soy beans by $1/pound.
Yes they are hulled and all I have to do to make Soymilk is rinse them and soak them.
Hi Micha, I don't know but this is the farm it comes from and they might be able to help. Chambers Family Farm Website address: www.laurasoybeans.com - If the web address didn't come through let me know and I'll figure another way to help :) Stephanie
Hi Jin, all beans that are not treated can be sprouted. There are some excellent sites that detail the many uses for soy beans. I recommend starting with small batches as you experiment. You can make tofu, soy milk, roasted, meat patties, and more. Enjoy!
The bars are soft and chewy, some of them have tiny bits of nuts in them but not large pieces. Hope that helps!
I think the ginger snap is really good... nice mild heat from the ginger. (Haven't tried the carrot cake.)
My expiration dates have varied, but never have they been less than 3 months from the item arrival.
Yes!
Well the bars just don't last long enough that I've ever paid attention but I THINK I saw a date today, by chance and that it was sometime in 2014. I KNOW I've had them sit around a looooooong time buried in my backpack & they've never tasted bad to me. Definitely some other snacks I get that I've learned not to buy too many at once, despite packaging, but these seem to weather my abuse and neglect well :-).
Yes, they are. I don't know if all of them are, but the ones I've enjoyed are raw. Visit the Larabar Website and see the "Raw Diet" portion. http://www.larabar.com/about/special-diets
Lemon. It's the whole family's favorite. They have a nice light taste. Though I do enjoy the cherry pie once in a while also. I personally find apple pie a bit too heavy on the spice but I'm glad you enjoy it. :)
Fruits have carbs, but there is no gluten if that is the question? No grains. Just fruit, nuts and spices. And it's dehydrated fruits which I understand to be better on y our system!
The nutrition facts say 4 grams per bar. You can click on "nutritional information" and see the complete nutrition facts in the item description.
Just dates and nuts
Hi Kathy! My husband and I try to stick with organic and gluten-free as well, however, being that Bob's Red Mill is such a great brand and they don't use GMO products I have overlooked the fact that this particular product is not organic. That being said, if you're really stuck on getting a product that is gluten free and organic maybe check out the Bob's Red Mill website and see if they have what you need? Hope that helps! :)
I keep them in the freezer so they should last far beyond the expiration date which seems to be a year from production.
According to their website what makes these products gluten-free is the fact that they are grown in a secluded area in Saskatchewan, Canada. Thus, no cross contamination from products like wheat, barley, spelt, etc. Their products and factory are also tested for gluten.
Yes you get 4 bags. Look for another seller on Amazon. Amazon has them for $17.00.
I do not have answer but was returning to find out same as you. I am extremely grateful I have since found same product at a local Kroger that I had never shopped. Price there is $5.89--- and I definitely stocked up. I hope you are able to find somewhere at reasonable price.
Great question....... Typically we try to go the "Organic" route on most of our foods as well.......but if you did your homework you will see the the gov't owns the rights to the term "organic" as far as store bought foods is concerned, so how honest are they really being is the question? Now, why I continue to buy this product is that fact that they are oats off of a non-GMO (genetically modified organisms) farm, which to me, goes farther than putting an "organic" label on something. Not sure I fully answered your question, but I am up to this point still a strong advocate of Bob's Red Mill Rolled Oats. Especially good with Raw unpasteurized honey and raw/organic cinnamon!
Yes
If you go to BOB'S RED MILL website you will find this: I went there and copied it for you. Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment
06/10/2015 is the date on the bags I ordered back in February 2014.
When buying from Foodies General Store, and all Amazon sellers, it is best to calculate the product cost and shipping cost then compare sellers. There are several dozen sellers of this product and each has a different combinationof product price plus shipping.
They are similar but not identical. For many people, the difference may be meaningless, but you won't know until you try. GF generally means no gluten in the product AND no cross contamination during the growing and production processes. While oats have no wheat gluten, as you correctly note, wheat glutens may cross contaminate the oats from neighboring fields or the use of the same machinery. My wife and I eat only the Bob's oats, and I've eaten both versions from Bob's and had no reaction to the ones not noted as GF. You may differ. Good luck!
Not that I am aware of. If you want a quick meal, make a batch for a week and keep it in the refrigerator then you can heat a bowl up as desired.
If you want to add to smoothies,I'd recommend grinding it up a little more first.Steel cut oats are very coarse and grainy,so add very little to your smoothie.
not the Steel Cut version. In fact I cook mine about 30 min. I make enough for the week and then just reheat a portion. Try the GF rolled oats or quick cooking for the uncook in yogurt idea. For yogurt I prefer some of the GF Granola.
I was eating Quaker steel cut oats before but they don't offer gluten free so I switched to Bob's and I can't tell any difference once they're cooked.
Not sure. The package is not labeled GMO Free but it is gluten free, that's why I use this product.
Removes "un"?
I am not a big dr oz fan but Ralph from Immortalitea wrote in his newsletter at the time of the airing. I believe he was actually interviewed for the program. If you read Ralph's newletters, he strikes me as a man with integrity, but that is my personal opinion as is my love for his teas
Hi, it's Caffeine free Mulberry Loose Leaf Herbal Tea by Immortalitea.
Hi Cindy, Thanks for your question. We've been selling white mulberry leaf tea for over 10 years now. During that time, I've received tons of emails from customers who tried the tea and are having great results. So, while I am of course biased and I can't speak from personal experience, I can say that many of my customers are having success. Cheers,
You will need between 1/2 tsp to a 1 tsp of our white mulberry tea per serving (remember you may reuse the same leaves two more times). The weight of a tsp of tea will vary from tea to tea depending on the density but in the case of our white mulberry tea, a tsp is typically 1-2 grams. so a 100 gram package will provide 50 - 100 serving. I hope that helps.
Larger = 7.25L x 5.375W x 3H --- Smaller = 5.75L x 4W x 2.5H --- all dimensions in inches.
yes
no.
They are designed for small bonsai trees. has two drainage holes. I believe that if the maximum height of the tree or succulents is 9 inches. These pots work
Larger = 7.25L x 5.375W x 3H --- Smaller = 5.75L x 4W x 2.5H --- all dimensions in inches.
Do an Amazon Search for "bonsai moisture tray" or better yet search for "humidity drip trays". You won't believe the number of items thay match.
The red raspberry filling is not seedless.
I have never frozen it, don't think I would, could become runny. The taste is wonderful. I have also added fresh raspberries to it, it's great.
The raspberry filling is not seedless.
The Professional Raspberry Pastry and Pie Filling comes in a 2 lb tube.
2tablespoons has 5 carbs
This is the best sauce you can't tell it from kraft original,but low carb and great on everything .thanks amazon! Keep this in stock I order it by the case.
July 9, 2014 -- But it came a couple of months ago. Each lot is fresh. as I recall from previous orders.
The weight is ... 34.7 oz or 2.17 lbs
These cookies are awesome! Great gift for any occasion - unfortunately, you can only get them during the holidays. I've ordered for a couple years now and never have opened a packet with a broken cookie.
Sorry no I don't. Have you tried their website?
Yes
Yes, we have red box available and the expiration date is April, 30, 2014.
I dont know, I never tried to find out and already threw away the box. When I order next tiem I will check.
50
Yes, we use it to make white chocolate and it is awsome, have not tried making choco chips, but that should be possible too
I have used it to make sugar free chocolate with cocoa and unsweetened Dagoba chocolate bars and it tastes and works great.
I'm not an expert and I'm not sure if I would know the difference between "raw" and "not raw". The Tisano cocao butter is 100% organic with no other ingrediants. At the top of the bag it says, "Tisano's natural, non-deoderized cocoa butter is cold pressed at lowest possible temperature and is perfect for making homemade chocolates, sauces and artisanal skin care". It comes in irregular shaped chunks that look like they were broken up from a large chunk. Most chunk sizes are about 2"x1" and smaller.
It is unrefined from what I know, I would not have got a refined one either
I just checked the package and yes it's gluten free, dairy free and GMO free.
I have bought this myself and i can tell you its you it old fashioned oatmeal not the quick cooking oatmeal,
Usually mine is done about 15 minutes after pouring it into the boiling water, depending on how hot the stove burner is.
The box includes two transluscent plastic bags with 5 pounds of oats in each bag.
They give it a 2 year shelf life, but me i keep mines in the refrigerator to extend it.
No, it's the latter. These are quick, not old fashioned. I'm eating the 9lbs because I'm out of old-fashioned, and I'm not overjoyed :(
Each flavor has its own slot. There are 5 rows of 10 flavor slots. You can actually to Jelly Belly's website at https://jellybelly.com/product/65 and see an image of the inside of the box.
I gave it as a gift so I'm not sure if there are peanut butter flavored jelly beans. But no peanuts.
I purchased them quite a while ago, as a gift, had no complaints about them. I didn't look at the date. Sorry!
No. They are somewhat firm on the outer shell, but then soft inside.
Between this one and Gethsemani, the Gethsemani is a little more boozy and, in my opinion, a little better quality. This one sticks together a little better and is much less cost-prohibitive.
I ordered two, and they were great. Sorry yours was not. The packaging might have been open. Sue D
Water, Whole Fresh Eggs, Margarine (liquid vegetable oil [Soybean, Canola], partially hydrogenated soybean oil, water, salt, whey (milk), lecithin (soy), mono and diglycerides, sodium benzoate [as a preservative], artificial butter flavor, beta carotene, vitamin A palmitate), Powdered Egg Yolk, Flavorings (pure almond emulsion [Water Propylene Glycol, Pure Frenc
Mostly, it does include whole red cherries. Taste is no different from the other mixes.
yes, it does. at least-- it's listed as an ingredient. (I haven't taste tested every color to verify!)
I ordered a bucket of paradise mix, and they sent me the right bucket but with cherries inside instead. I'm not sure about citron, but make sure that they send you the contents of what the bucket says on it. Sorry I could not answer the question.
Yes it says so right on the front.
Yes....lard is rendered pork fat. My mother, grandmother, and millennium of ancestors use this cooking fat. It makes a huge difference in pie crusts, fried chicken, and host of other foods that require a cooking fat.
Yes there is BHA , Proply Gallate and Citric Acid. Also it is a mix of Lard and Hydrogenated Lard.
This will last a very long time....After you use it for the first time you must keep it refrigerated....I freeze mine and until I am ready to use it again
Pork
No, lard is naturally saturated - no room for more hydrogen. TC
No, it is not.
I don't believe it has caffeine in it. It has light black tea flavor, but more cream sweet sugary flavor. HTH
It is 700g and 20g per serving in 150cc water, that's 35 servings.
Yes, but it left me bewildered since I do not know how to convert cc or grams to ounces. I did a google and got an interesting lesson (Grams are a unit of mass or weight and a tablespoon is a unit of volume. Therefore it depends entirely on what you are measuring -- it depends on the density of the substance.) Anyway, here are the directons: "Infuse the tea powder 20g in 150cc warm water. For cold drinks ice cubes can be added." What I do is use 2 to 3 tbsps to some hot water (helps to break it down quickly) and then add cold water to make an 8 oz cup, I then add ice since I like it cold. I think it would depend on how strong you like it. Start with a tbsp and work up until you get it the way you like it.
I oil "bright work" on my boat, so I have experience with oil wood out doors. Pure tung is not good for this because it does not have a UV filter in it. Use teak oil instead that contains tung oil, it will have the UV protection. You will need 4 or 5 coats and then recoat every month or so.
Yes. Tung oil is non-toxic and food safe.
No. I used it on a 100 year old bread bowl. Worked great. Really restored the woods rich look. Great for almost any wood.
I'm not sure if Ennoble is speaking from experience or not, but apparently its quite common for stonemasons to use a mixture of tung oil and naptha to add a wet-stone looking finish to stone items (ie countertops, etc). Google for more info.
You should probably sand. Take the extra time to get a result worth having.
I'd certainly [google] on using the tung oil on floors. I just use it on furniture.
This is a hard question to answer because it is dependent upon how dry the wood is and how irregular the surface it. Being a barn door, I can imagine it being rather dry and ruff. You may well find that one pt is not enough though it will make a huge difference in the appearance of the mantle and you may find that it is enough. Two pts would definitely be enough. By the way, this is good quality tung oil, but be careful with the plastic bottle. It breaks easily.
What I did was seal the pine cabinet with a couple coats of tung oil and now am in the process of rubbing on BRIWAX Rustic Pine as the finishing coat.
If you were to use this on varnished surfaces, it might tend to seat on the surface and get gummy. It is best used on open grained surfaces. It is really a form of rub on varnish that needs to penetrate the surface. I have had very good results using it on old, cracked varnished surfaces like you would have on antique pieces. Use several light coats, never try to put a thick coat down. Rub the excess off between coats after it has sit for 15 to 30 minutes. I have a boat with an open grained teak interior that I use this on and it looks great. I have built numerous pieces of furniture made from pine, teak, cherry and other woods and find that multiple coat of this (6+) provide a very attractive finish that holds up well with a single recoat every 6 months to a year instead of wax or furniture polish.
Not sure about a door...used it on a gun stock...so far so good
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
i serving is 1 1/2 ounces, and 400 mg. sodium, but I have the parmesan-garlic variety.
Enriched wheat floor,sunflower and canola oil,organic cane sugar,wheat gluten,sea salt,less than 2% of following...yeast,malted barley,flour,rosemary extract,ascorbic acid..
I ordered mine at the Amazon Outlet they are nearing expiration times, when I got mine the expiration date was 3 months and 2 days away. I have a hungry group to feed and we never got close to the expiration date
they were their own box when i got them.
Maybe something happed in transit. The best thing to do is re-order them
I have no clue. Maybe just got broken in shipping. Sorry can't help.
These are not individual size serving bags. They would be too large to pack in a child's lunch box. They are big bags, maybe 8 oz. But they do come in 1 oz and 1.5 oz size. Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1.5-Ounce Bags (Pack of 24) by Stacy's or Stacy's Pita Chips, Simply Naked, 1-Ounce Bags (Pack of 48) by Stacy's
You need teeth, they are hard. Just the right crunch. I love them with dip. I prefer this brand to any of the others.
I sure will, please tell me how many you'd like. I am not sure i know what's combined shipping?
Hi, Yes we do have a lot of the tootsie pop, we have over 200. Shipping is free if you choose so, just allow 3-5 days for processing for a large order that you wish to place. We thank you for choosing DNS GIFTS
I bought a bag for Christmas year before last and I don't remember the exact amount but I remember being disappointed haha. There were maybe 10-12? They tasted ok..not stale, but not particularly fresh either.
I'm not sure I had to toss mine out after I got them. The expiration date was *Aug 2012*. Make sure you check the date!
Hallo, it's capsules.
The label does not mention the capsule contents. The herb itself won't have gelatin. Not sure about the capsule.
The 9th ingredient listed is "Spirits", which I assume is some type of alcohol, though I do not know if it is alcohol that is added, or just alcohol produced in the fermentation process. The ingredients listed are: CORN SYRUP, RICE, WATER, RED PEPPER MIXED SEASONING {RED PEPPER POWDER, SALT, GARLIC, ONION}, RED PEPPER POWDER, SALT, ISOMALTOOLIGOSACCHARIDE (this is a carbohydrate that can be found naturally in some foods or added as a prebiotic that may benefit digestion), SOYBEAN CULTURED WITH ASPERGILLUS ORYZAE (A. Oryzae is a fungus used in Japanese, Chinese and Korean fermented soy and rice products such as soy sauce and miso, and even sake, which is Japanese rice wine), SPIRITS, CONTAINS 2% OR LESS OF YEAST POWDER, GLUTINOUS RICE, SOYBEAN CULTURED WITH ASPERGILLUS ORYZAE.
Hello, I checked the label and it says it contains wheat and wheat grain.
Yes
I think it is about equal. I always eat both mixed in with other things and both are spicy, but not not habanero spicy.
Hi there, it is a fermented product and can be stored in a cool place like your pantry. It's shelf life will last for years, however, after 2 years I would dispose of . You can freeze it without impact to flavor or texture. Hope this helps, let me know.
Yes
Yes, this can be also called Kochujang and is what you are looking for. But note that Gochujang is hot pepper paste while miso is sweet bean paste.
Yes. Unfortunately, it's the first ingredient.
No
According to the official Visit Korea website's fact sheet about gochujang, it should be stored in a cool, dry place and must be refrigerated after opening. Source: http://english.visitkorea.or.kr/enu/SH/whatToBuy/whatToBuy.jsp?action=item&tab=3&cid=995798
The label reads 65 MG Caffeine per 8 fl. oz.
The product that was available at Costco warehouses is by Big Train and is labeled "Chamba Chai, Spiced Chai Latte Drink Mix" and is probably the same. The problem is not all Costco warehouses carry this product. The last time we saw Chamba Chai available we bought six 4 pound cartons. Since then it has not been available. So hello Amazon.com! Hope this helps:-)
Although the ingredients are identical we noted a slight different taste. Nearly the same taste, still very good, but not identical.
We normally do not ship to Europe, because it is very expensive for shipping cost.
Suzanne, although I have never tried this, I would have to say probably not. I do have a Keurig machine and have never tried that. I guess you could experiment with it, to see how much water to use (4,6,8,10 or 12 oz button). I don't use water with my Chai (I use half Keurig tea and half milk) and being as it dissolves in the liquid there is no grounds or tea leaves that would be left in the Kcup. Also, the Keurig directions suggest that if you use a K cup of hot chocolate you should run water through before your next drink. Maybe it would gum things up?? But, hey, give it a try, you may have invented something! Susan S.
7/31/2015
Yes. I purchase this regularly for my mom, who happens to love chai tea, and she says this is delicious.
Serving size is 3 Tablespoons of product. Sugars are 22 grams.
60 mg
Yes. You should be able to read the ingredient list on the site.
31 grams of Total Carbohydrate 10% Daily Value. According to the container.
There are pictures of barious views of the can on Amazon. Clicking on them will take you to one with ingredients, which include: wheat flour, sugar, wheat gluten. whey protein powder, and it goes on and on. I have been using a can every month for breaksfast for myself.
2 scoops is 200 calories and makes 3 pancakes.
Yes , works perfectly .
aprox 1/4 cup, similar size as regular protein shake scoops. I like it. I already bought 10 tubs between my wife aunt and myself. Amazon has the best price plus free shipping (must of the time). Serving size is for two small pancakes not 3 like states on label. I add a 3rd scoop for 3 bigger pancakes. Can use water or low fat milk.
http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-met-rx-protein-plus-pancake-i262607
Not sure the actual ingredients but they are all natural and healthy. Look up onnit nutrition. They have a list
Yes, American Buffalo
I have the same question. I'm going to buy direct from the producer and not from these clowns. Producer's shipping is cheaper too.
Yes. It's a great deal!
No, they are not the same. I use 4 family size tea bags for 1 gallon of tea and only 1 gallon size bag for the same. I really like the gallon size better as it seems to give a more mellow tea taste...probably because there is maybe less difference from one bag to another, as well as the amount of tea in the gallon bag. Hope that helps! :)
yes. I actually just put the bags in a coffee maker where you put the coffee filter and coffee grounds. Very easy
I just wrote to Panda Express - if they get enough email maybe they'll put it back in Costco
It does NOT contain corn syrup. The first ingredient is: sugar, followed by water, distilled vinegar, soy sauce, food starch-modified, contains less than 2% of salt, spices, xanthan gum and natural flavors. No MSG added except for that naturally occurring in soy sauce. Hope this helps.
The expiration date on the bottle I bought at the beginning of July says 8/25/14. So it will last two or three months according to the date printed on the it. I think it will be longer if you refrigerate it though.
Don't know. Chicken dodnt turn red
They are really fine so they stick nicely to the popcorn. And I usually use a little bit of butter spray on it so then the fine salt really sticks well! It's the best popcorn salt I've found since the French-sounding popcorn salt I used to buy! (I can't remember the name of it; I used to buy it online but they discontinued it!)
Ingredients: Salt, Certified Food Color, (including FD&C Yellow #5 & #6), Imitation Butter Flavor, Tri-Calcium. Phosphate added as an anti-caking agent.
Ingredients: Salt, Certified food color, (including FD&C Yellow #5 & #6), Imitation butter flavor, Tri-calcium. Phosphate added as an anti-caking agent.
It's 48 oz., so it will last a long time.
No. This is not whole wheat. The other answers are just wrong. Read the labels. However this not 100% refined either. It has 20% of the bran left in the flour. Great River Milling calls it "light whole wheat". So if you expect bread to rise like the regular refined flour, you will need some adjustment. This is the reason some people complain about it.
The flour is not enriched with extra ingredients. The flour is 100% stone ground organic hard red spring wheat. The wheat germ is retained, and it is lightly sifted of bran. If you do a side by side comparison with KA white flour, you'll immediately notice how Great River flour has a beautiful color. I bake bread at least twice a week and I always use Great River in whole or in conjunction with other types of flour when I bake 2 loaves (1000 grams of flour). I have a subscription, and I am 100% pleased with the quality of the flour.
If it was hot day, you should use cold water for baking bread. And you also could do water less than normal( little bit). Or you could mix regular bread flour a little bit ,if you don't mind.
Personally, I prefer white flour in Challah. BUT if I were going to use "whole wheat," I'd use this. (The quotes are because this flour is almost whole wheat--it's very slightly refined. The perfect amount, I think. No grit. That's what makes it so flexible in so many recipes).
This is basically whole wheat bread flour. You're supposed to be able to use it like regular bread flour, but I've never gotten my bread to turn out as good with this, even using extra gluten. If you're not looking for whole wheat specifically, I'd go with something else (you can find regular bread flour in grocery stores).
light brown....
wheat
it is now!
It takes 1.77 tablespoons for 1/3 cup of popcorn, and there are 256 tablespoons in a gallon, so it would last approximately 144 weeks or 2.8 years, which is long past its expiration date. I purchased my oil at the beginning of this year, and the expiration date on it is 11/2014. I do use it for frying foods also, not just popcorn, so I figure I will use it all before then. Hope this helps!
This is a non-hydrogenated coconut oil. It has a high concentration of medium chain triglycerides consisting mostly of short chain fatty acids and is solid below and liquid above room temperature (melt point range 75-81 degrees Fahrenheit). 76 degrees Fahrenheit coconut oil is highly stable against oxidation and is frequently used in applications where long shelf life is desired. This oil is non-GMO, trans fat free and considered non-allergenic.
No, it is simply pure coconut oil with beta carotene added for color. If you want to add some butter flavor try adding some flavacol seasoning or butter flavored oil topping.
As far as I know, no one makes microwave popcorn that uses coconut oil. Even so, why on earth would you want to eat the stuff anyway? You aren't going to get anything close to the taste and aroma of movie theater popcorn from a bag of microwave popcorn. Buy yourself a good stainless steel stove top popper (such as the Lindy's 6-quart stainless steel popper sold here on Amazon), the Paragon coconut popping oil, Flavacol popcorn salt, and some good quality popcorn kernels and make it yourself.
Over a year.
Ours was rock hard during the winter months but now it seems to be softening up. The room we keep it in is not so cold now so it is easier to scoop out.
Ingredients on the jar: 76 Coconut Oil and Beta-Carotene for color.
I don't know for sure but I would think you could.
Yes plain would taste the same.They color it to give it a buttery look.
I have never had it go bad but I eat popcorn weekly. Best tasting oil I have ever used by far.
Paragon has very few hulls. This is the best popcorn I've found.
My understanding is that much of the regular corn grown in the USA is GMO, but surprisingly, none of the popcorn is. There is a movie on the subject, it's entitled King Corn; here's a link to a trailer; it's also out on DVD, and I believe Netflix has it as a rental, but not for streaming: http://www.kingcorn.net/the-film/trailer/ There are several blogs on the subject of popcorn cookery. I'm from Chicago, home of the famous Chicago Hot Dog. I've seen fist fights break out, over how a proper Chicago Hot Dog should be prepared. In my neighborhood, getting caught ordering a Chicago Hot Dog, with ketchup cold get you beaten up. On a trip to Milwaukee, I discovered several Hot Dog shacks that boasted about their authentic Chicago Hot Dogs, and other places that deride those places as pretenders and proclaimed that only theirs was the genuine article. Previously, I'd thought that the Chicago Hot Dog was peculiar to Chicago, but I found that there are fanatics everywhere. It is about the same with popcorn; people can get themselves into very heated arguments about which recipes and methods produce the best popcorn. I automatically dismiss all the prepackaged microwave brands. If you must microwave, there are plastic bowl popping appliances that you put your own kernels in, that do a good job. For aficionados, the stovetop is the way to go. I have a 30 year old Detonator...bought it at a Trade Show, from the inventor; I don't see those anymore. There's a copy of the old Detonator; it's called Whirly Pop; it's a reasonable facsimile...works good. You'll want to use Coconut oil to pop in; many people say coconut oil is high in fat, which it is, but it's all HDL, the healthy, heart-protecting fat, not LDL. Flavacol is the other popcorn secret weapon...fine grain salt--to stick to the popcorn better, and a nice buttery flavor; it's what the Movie Theaters use. And these Paragon popcorn kernels work perfectly; it's great popcorn. Go ahead and get some; you won't be disappointed.
Well, of course, it depends on what you mean by "serving". For me, a serving is my 3 gallon stainless steel bowl, which requires 8 oz. by weight, of kernels. That holds me for a couple days. Extrapolating that out, I figure that this 12.5 Lb. bag should be good for about 75 gallons of popcorn. If you serve up quart-sized bags, that should give you about 300 generous servings. And, by the way, this Paragon popcorn is First Rate.
Last year I found a bag of Walmart popcorn in a drawer that was over six years old. I popped it and the popcorn was as good as ever. From a half cup unpopped corn, all kernels popped except two. Hint,.. keep it in the refrigerator and it will last forever.
This is not a complete question. Do you mean was the popcorn shipped to a tropical climate? Yes it was.
Butterfly
I just opened a new bag and it says 5 grams of protein, per serving, which is 1/4 cup. Not sure if that is what you are looking for.
Yes. This is 100% Whole Wheat flour.
total fat - 1g/2%, saturated fat- 0, trans fat -0, cholesterol -0, sodium -0, total carbs - 21g/7%, dietary fiber -3g/12%, sugars -0, protien -5g iron -6%, no vitamin A, C or calcium.
I do not know the variety of wheat in Bob's red mill - I just hope it is organic as it states & not laced with chemicals
I use baking powder and it rises pretty well, it's the baking powder that does the rising and maybe if it's not, your baking powder got stale.
This does not have soy in it.
Yes- I really like this product.
I use this recipe: 2 pound loaf of wheat bread 1 2/3 cup water 2 Tbsp. butter softened (I actually use olive oil) 1/3 cup firmly packed light brown sugar (I actually use Splenda brown sugar) 2 Tsp. Salt 4 2/3 cups Whole wheat flour 3 Tsp. Bread machine yeast Sometimes I will add a 1/2 cup of blueberries -Place ingredients into bread pan in this order: water, butter, sugar, salt and flour -with finger, make a small indentation on one side of flour. Add yeast to indentation, making sure it does not come into contact with the liquid ingredients. (If adding blueberries, I add them to the other side.) - select whole wheat on bread maker
There are no nutrition facts listed on the label. The ingredients are: Fully Refined Soybean Oil, Artificial Butter Flavor, Beta Carotene, TBHQ (Tertiary Butylhydroquinine) and Dimethylpolysiloxane. The Odells online site (http://www.odellsonline.com/catalog/product_info.php/products_id/108) lists the nutrion facts as: per tablespoon 120 calories 14g fat 32% Daily Value of vitamin K
From what I understand about the product it is a flavoring oil only and not designed for the high heat required for popping. Flavorless coconut oil is best in my experience for popping. Hope I helped!
I'm not sure.about how long it is good for because there isn't a date on it. It is an oil not a butter so I think it would last for quite a while though. My family and I don't like it though because it takes kind of like butter flavored oil and not like what you get at the theatre. We just melt a stick of butter and pour it over not healthy but much better tasting.
Can you? Likely. Would I? Absolutely not. See my previous review. Partially Hydrogenated Soybean Oil is TRANS FAT. Corn oil, soybean oil, Canola oil, and other seed oils (they like to call vegetable oils) have not been available to humans in such quantities until the invention of extraction methods that include chemicals such as hexane. I would steer clear of this stuff and use something natural like coconut oil.
Yes, but it pertains to the cherrie/fruit and you will have to contact the manufacturer for the name of the preservative as it does not appear to be on the side of the box.
no
Packaging was awful. Most awesome tasting chocolate cherries. Many broken. Will not order again.
I bought them as a gift for my kid sister and do know they were high or I would not have bought them.
The ones I bought were not sugar free, but they sure were delicious! That being said, there may also be a sugar-free version.
I'm sorry I don't remember since I bought them for Christmas last year. They each are the size you would expect in a 1lb. box, if that's any help to you, and I found them delicious and will probably reorder them this year.
I don't know what more expensive flakes you are talking about, but this shredded coconut doesn't seem to have much flavor and the coconut shreds are tiny and quite hard. I use it for baking where I don't want a strong coconut flavor, where the other ingredients help soften it when it bakes. For some things it works fine. For others, I would choose a different coconut.
My friend who makes the sugar-free coconut cream pie for me uses Bob's Red Mill unsweetened shredded coconut with sugar-free Jell-O vanilla COOKED pudding and no other sweetener. She puts the mixture in either a precooked pie shell or a graham-cracker crust. It is a huge treat for any diabetic as well as suitable for anyone. Enjoy!
There are three (3) rounded cups and four (4) level cups. It depends on how you measure. I tend to round and a little more.
I don't think that the coconut is organic. Otherwise, it is a good quality product.
Yep, it's just regular delicious coconut... no sweeteners or preservatives. You can munch on it straight out of the bag if you wanna... and I don't know about you but when I open a bag and smell the delicious coconut wafting out of the bag... doesn't matter what I was going to put it in... some goes into my mouth, every time :)
it is raw. it is in flakes and you can sprinkle it or use it in any measuring item u choose
With my order I received 1 bag but I'd have took at your order specifically.
Only reason I can think of is because it is flaked and not shredded,which might be a bit trickier to do. I know it sure looks better, sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I keep the unopened bags in my pantry, and put the contents of the opened bag into a sealed glass jar in the refrigerator. So far, both seem to be just fine. Don't know about what freezing would do to the coconut. Maybe you should contact Red Mill about that.
Bob's Red Mill Unsweetened Coconut Flakes is in the verification process of becoming Non Gmo Project verified. Go to www.nongmoproject.org. I googled Bob's Red Mill Unsweetened Coconut Flakes non GMO and this is one of the sites that I found. So far all the coconut oil and flakes I have found are basically not modified.
Yes. I've been using it for my macarons and it works beautifully. The finest I've found so far.
2 1 lb boxs
Yes, made in Lake Worth, florida
The serving size is 1 ounce, with 6g carb. 3g fiber. Net carb. is 3g. BTW, this is an excellent product! I love to make almond pancakes with this almond flour.
Not specified on the box
You got that right. I don't know what they heck they are trying to pull here. Last time I bought it I think I paid about $10.93 for 4x10oz. Now $22+!!!! Outrageous!
http://www.bobsredmill.com/faqs.html#GP4 Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment.
The ratio for TVP is 1 cup TVP to 1 cup water which equals about 1 pound of meat, and it is not flavored.
The back of the package states- "Made in the USA". You can visit bobsredmill.com for more info. Bob's Red Mill- mills, packs, and distributes their products.
I have no idea.
Yes, you get a total of 40 oz. for that price. It's a really good deal because it's much more expensive when you buy individual bags in a health food store.
it is incredibly similar in texture to ground beef or chicken if added to chili or tacos.
Only 2 ingredients: natural coconut water and pulp. 14 g of natural sugars. I love this stuff and the pricing is right. 60 calories per serving (2 in a can) 78 mg sodium per serving. Potassium isn't listed, but coconut juice usually has 2-300 mg potassium. This drink satisfies a desire for sweetness, though it doesn't taste very sweet. Highly recommended and more flavorful that most coconut waters.
I know...I was looking everywhere for the "Subscribe" button, but there is no option! Frustrating!
I've had a case in the basement that has went at least a year over expiration and still tastes fine!
I do not know. My suggestion would be to contact them the company at http://amyandbriannaturals.com/
Um. Ok. It's in a can, of course it's been heated-far more than just flash pasteurized. I guess value depends on what you're looking for. If you want decent tasting, low sugar potassium and electrolyte supplementation-it's great.
http://www.livestrong.com/thedailyplate/nutrition-calories/food/cafe-essentials/mocha-java-powder/ This site has the nutrition info.
Funny you should ask - we are having some right now! Cane or beet sugar, cocoanut oil, maltodextrin, Colombian coffees, whey, ghiradelli cocoa, natural flavors, and less than 1% of sodium caseinate, salt, guar gum, mono and diglycerides, dipotassium phosphate, xanthan gum, soy lecithin, pectin. The minor ingredients are protein, thickeners, emulsifiers and a buffering agent. I did see nutre info once but it's not on the bag.
I don't really know, but think that one scoop is 100 calories and 1-1/4 would then be 125.
I don't really remember but I think it is around 100 calories per serving (I empty the package into a container and I don't keep the bag). I use it in a protein shake...it's very good.
No. There is no stevia in it.
Hi, it's 12 boxes of 7 packs.
yes they do...addictive stuff!!!
Yes
Seven, a week's worth.
What is the question?
I once bought 3 5lb bags and did not open the third bag for 4 months and it was as fresh as the first bag I opened.
You can get Colombian Peaks in whole bean as well.
too much butter (oil) and not properly mixed. You much cream butter and sugar well before incorporating the flour.
Swan CAKE flour has a 6-8% protein content. It is chlorinated to further break down the strength of the gluten. Good for making cakes. PASTRY flour is similar to cake flour, although it has not been chlorinated, and it has a 8-10% protein content. Good fot making pastry, pies, cookies. All purpose flour has 10-12% protein content Bread flour has 12-14% protein content.
Yes
Personally I would NEVER use any Self Rising cake flour...why? because you cannot control the "rising" part of the ingredients. How old are they (will they rise well)? do they contain aluminum? etc. Myself, I use only the Swans Down Cake flour sold by the case here on Amazon - I find it to be fresher (date on package) than in my store and sold at a much better price, then, add my own "rising ingredients" as per the recipes. You can always Google the appropriate amounts to use for cakes or look for similar recipes on Epicurious.com lets say to see what is used w/o self rising flours. Hope this helps.
I really doubt this is either organic or non-GMO. It doesn't say so, and would if it were true.
My order was placed & delivered mid April, 2013. I'm on my last box and it says, Best Use Before 8/18/14. Sorry for the delay in answering.
I wanted to know as well, so asked the manufacturer; and the answer is no. Only the package is different.
A little less coarse than medium.
The coffee is in a bag that is foiled lined with a filter to keep it fresh. It is a good bag to safe-keep the coffee! So, do not worry and I hope this helps you.
This particular roast (Columbian Peaks) DOES have the caffeine...look for the green label Eight O'Clock for decaffeinated beans! http://www.amazon.com/Eight-OClock-Original-Decaf-Coffee/dp/B00BG4LMLU/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1411444232&sr=8-2&keywords=eight+oclock+decaf
I'm guessing about 6 months from purchase. Mine shows on the bottom November, 2014 and I got it in May I think. Good coffee if you like dark coffee without acidity. Hope this helps you.
I agree with Mathews, the price is not that great. The current price is just few cents lower than -for example- Walmart!!
the mix is a "cake mix". it's more a batter than regular cake mix like what you get in a box. it's got higher gluten than regular cake so it will fry much better.
Yes everything was included
It's about 8-9 inches wide. Small enough to fit in an egg frying pan
Sorry,I have ate it.
It does. The case I ordered late last year (October perhaps) has a November 2014 expiry date so these are good for a pretty long time - at least a year, if not two.
Mine had a 4 yr exp it all depends what they have in stock.
October 2, 2014
13nov2014
I honestly don't know. Been a long time since we purchased them.
It's mixed berries. Strawberry, blueberry and raspberry, I believe.
yes
Nitrates are not formed during cooking. Nitrates are absorbed from the soil during growth and so they are a naturally occurring component of vegetables and are part of their metabolism. Infants under 3 months of age are at increased risk for nitrite (not nitrate, but the pH of an infant stomach can facilitate conversion of nitrates to nitrites) toxicity known as methemoglobinemia; but unless you are feeding your &lt;3 month old a diet high in nitrates as opposed to breast milk, that's not a major concern. Regarding nitrite formation during storage, there are several factors which will inhibit that in commercial foods. First it is likely these are cooked in a moist environment either by steam or by blanching, both of which reduce vegetable nitrate content. Additionally, some of the conversion of nitrates to nitrites is facilitated by enzymes in the plant and bacteria in the environment. Both enzymes and bacteria will be inactivated by the heat necessary to produce a shelf stable package, so conversion from nitrate to nitrite should be minimal during shelf storage.
You'll never know the chia seeds are there. Go for it.
No. My 4 year old loves these so I've tried them a few times. No lemony taste at all.
No, not before opening. After they are opened (if not finished) they need to be refrigerated.
You have to order flavors individually, there is no variety pack I know of
There is a total of 16 in a box
I've never seen a disclaimer about whether or not they are processed in a facility that also processes nuts, or anything about containing traces of nuts, but I certainly wouldn't take that as confirmation that it doesn't. Also, the product contains CHIA SEEDS, so if you are concerned about a reaction due to a nut allergy, that is something you may want to take into consideration.
Does not say anything about being uncooked. Neither do any of the other brands of baby food (jars and pouches) I have in the pantry.
Yes, says on the back of each pouch. Without BPA.
Each batch will have a different expiration date, but they're very long dates; you'll have a while.
If you look at the side of the bottle there is marks of measurement. When full, it fills 20L. 20L = 5.28344 Gal.
4.7g/teaspoon
I imagine there is, but does not come with one. Check consolidated plastic or U-line or on Amazon... of course, you won't know the opening size unless you have the jug on hand; the option would be to pour into a 5 gallon bucket with a lid that receives the pump you will have to order separately; or carefully transfer into 5 1-gallon containers; pouring first gallon will be hardest. Good luck. Robert
The manufacturer.
I didn't taste the pineapple one, that was sent to my daughter's boyfriend. He said he liked the flavor. I did get my kids a cherry one and a blue raspberry one as a gag. The bears are very dense and rubbery. I was not kidding about a serrated edge, it's by far the best way to get some off successfully. The cherry and blue raspberry bears had plenty of flavor, but what it comes down to is what you like. If you don't like the small ones, I'm not sure you'd like the larger one. I like gummies, so I had no problem with them. I will say that the reality of the bear is so much more than its picture. It is a very large, HEAVY piece. It looks just like the little ones, only much larger. I was impressed with the size and weight. I got them as gag gifts, they worked well for that. If your intended recipient like gummies, they'll like the bears.
No, that was the sugar free variety. I'm happy to say that this bear has no adverse effects at all (except maybe the calorie count). :)
Yes we do ship to Europe. If you are interested in a product please provide me with your full shipping address and, the items you wish to purchase and I can give you a shipping quote. Thank you.
Why wait? Get the process started, even though I have no idea what your ordering.whats so special about the fall? Order one for me too! Jk
Yes, Depending on the items we can ship to Israel.
Yes, it does. Original and sealed packaging. I even kept my box as a souvenir! I was perfectly pleased with this product!a quality and packaging.
After the initial birthday party unveiling, we wrapped what was left of the bear in plastic wrap. It seemed to retain the same level of freshness for many weeks. Much longer than we planned to keep it. Many kids nibbled at it for weeks and we could not finish it.
There is no item here for me to tell you or location of where you are at. Most of our items ship within 1 -2 business days and the customer then has them 3 -5 days weather permitting.
Hello. Cyber Sweetz currently only ships within the United States.
The manufacturer.
I didn't taste the pineapple one, that was sent to my daughter's boyfriend. He said he liked the flavor. I did get my kids a cherry one and a blue raspberry one as a gag. The bears are very dense and rubbery. I was not kidding about a serrated edge, it's by far the best way to get some off successfully. The cherry and blue raspberry bears had plenty of flavor, but what it comes down to is what you like. If you don't like the small ones, I'm not sure you'd like the larger one. I like gummies, so I had no problem with them. I will say that the reality of the bear is so much more than its picture. It is a very large, HEAVY piece. It looks just like the little ones, only much larger. I was impressed with the size and weight. I got them as gag gifts, they worked well for that. If your intended recipient like gummies, they'll like the bears.
No, that was the sugar free variety. I'm happy to say that this bear has no adverse effects at all (except maybe the calorie count). :)
Yes we do ship to Europe. If you are interested in a product please provide me with your full shipping address and, the items you wish to purchase and I can give you a shipping quote. Thank you.
Why wait? Get the process started, even though I have no idea what your ordering.whats so special about the fall? Order one for me too! Jk
Yes, Depending on the items we can ship to Israel.
Yes, it does. Original and sealed packaging. I even kept my box as a souvenir! I was perfectly pleased with this product!a quality and packaging.
After the initial birthday party unveiling, we wrapped what was left of the bear in plastic wrap. It seemed to retain the same level of freshness for many weeks. Much longer than we planned to keep it. Many kids nibbled at it for weeks and we could not finish it.
There is no item here for me to tell you or location of where you are at. Most of our items ship within 1 -2 business days and the customer then has them 3 -5 days weather permitting.
Hello. Cyber Sweetz currently only ships within the United States.
The manufacturer.
I didn't taste the pineapple one, that was sent to my daughter's boyfriend. He said he liked the flavor. I did get my kids a cherry one and a blue raspberry one as a gag. The bears are very dense and rubbery. I was not kidding about a serrated edge, it's by far the best way to get some off successfully. The cherry and blue raspberry bears had plenty of flavor, but what it comes down to is what you like. If you don't like the small ones, I'm not sure you'd like the larger one. I like gummies, so I had no problem with them. I will say that the reality of the bear is so much more than its picture. It is a very large, HEAVY piece. It looks just like the little ones, only much larger. I was impressed with the size and weight. I got them as gag gifts, they worked well for that. If your intended recipient like gummies, they'll like the bears.
No, that was the sugar free variety. I'm happy to say that this bear has no adverse effects at all (except maybe the calorie count). :)
Yes we do ship to Europe. If you are interested in a product please provide me with your full shipping address and, the items you wish to purchase and I can give you a shipping quote. Thank you.
Why wait? Get the process started, even though I have no idea what your ordering.whats so special about the fall? Order one for me too! Jk
Yes, Depending on the items we can ship to Israel.
Yes, it does. Original and sealed packaging. I even kept my box as a souvenir! I was perfectly pleased with this product!a quality and packaging.
After the initial birthday party unveiling, we wrapped what was left of the bear in plastic wrap. It seemed to retain the same level of freshness for many weeks. Much longer than we planned to keep it. Many kids nibbled at it for weeks and we could not finish it.
There is no item here for me to tell you or location of where you are at. Most of our items ship within 1 -2 business days and the customer then has them 3 -5 days weather permitting.
Hello. Cyber Sweetz currently only ships within the United States.
Blu to me is a stronger coffee with smooth rich velvety finish. The Crema e Gusto was strong but the flavor reminds of a strong cup of Folgers.
No, the tins are all separate and the same size, 8.8 ounces.
The in Blue has a better taste and when we tried the Caffe Espresso it did not work as well in our Espresso Machine. Both are good but we liked the taste of the in Blue better.
Yes, just make sure to use a paper filter bc the holes in a gold filter do let some fine dust through.
Yes, I have. I had to because the grind was too fine for my espresso maker. I think the mocha pots work better with coarser grinds, but this worked well. You don't need to tamp, just level.
Would doubt it. The grind is too fine. Water barely passes through bean.
This is a pack of 4 tin cans.
had some creeping ivy, but it was too prolific and mixed in with grass that I did not want to kill so just had to use lawn chemical specific for creeping ivy and spot sprayed the patches and repeated and it did the job.
My response would be I don't think so. This strength is for horticultural purpose. You have to use rubber gloves and not get it on your skin. I used it to kill new growth on running bamboo.
Yes it will, but be careful of overspraying on to other plants/grasses as it could kill them too.
Yes. It kills leaves that it touches but does not penetrate to the roots like other weed killers. What hits the ground slightly decreases the Ph level for a day or 2 then dissipates, leaving no change to soil conditions. My understanding is that the acetic acid severely dehydrates the plant instead of outright poisoning.
I doubt it would work without soaking the ground and killing everything.
I'm not 100% sure, but I would apply a couple of times in direct sunlight !
I don't know why you would want to use it on pet stains? It's made for killing weeds. I would stick with Bissell or some other name brand dog/cat stain remover.
I should think so. It kills crab grass in New Jersey, and crab grass is a tough weed here. It is a "broad-spectrum" herbicide, so it kills grass and all ground vegetation. However, you must use generous amounts and saturate weeds. It is worth it to me as I we have a well for our water needs - Vinegar doesn't pollute groundwater as some popular herbicides do. I hope this helps.
I think the acid in the vinegar will kill anything it comes in contact with.
yes, it is a nonselective vegetation killer. it is a mild acid. use with care but environmentally nicer.
It's probably because it wasn't cleaned thoroughly prior to first use.
Yes, it will use any standard (round, flat) pods, but not cups.
I would not recommend it.
No, it takes the round, flat kind.
For me one jar has 28 Servings. The label says to put 2 scoops in a glass of water, and assuming you have two scoops each day for breakfast, that comes to 14 Servings Per Container. BUT, Two Scoops Per Day??? Wow!! I use ONE Level Scoop per day, and that is MORE than enough for Breakfast, and I'm a big, tall guy! One scoop of this powder if very filling and satisfying, and I always feel great after having one scoop. But I think that any more would be way too much. So, I'm going to say that One Jar has at least 28 Servings!!
I took a container down from the cupboard and it reads, "vegan - gluten free - dairy free - soy free." I always get the same type as I avoid all soy, unless it's fermented. Hope this helps.
The more vitamin K you eat on a daily basis, the less responsive and variable your inr will be to changes in vitamin k intake. Now bc this will decrease your inr, you will definitely want to inform whomever is monitoring it that you have started a new supplement with vitamin k in it. But once you regain steady inr, you should be good. Just make sure your intake is consistent. (ie use daily. Or 3x per week... Whatever you decide, make sure it is consistent). I am a pharmacist who on a somewhat routine basis staffs in an anti coagulation clinic in case you wanted my credentials.
yes, it will help with weight loss. It helps curb your hunger for "other" foods. I lost 15 pounds in 2 months. Eat a nice meal for dinner and raw meal for breakfast and lunch. I also ran 3 times a week ( 1 mile a day) and ate healthy meals. be active and it will help. Sorry to ramble,I just really love it. :)
My husband adds fruit to it and says that makes it more bearable
Raw Meal (four scoops daily) replaced two meals for me for over one full year now, with no negative effects. In fact, benefits gained, Harmony. For instance, years ago "growths?" began appearing on my face, three on side of face and a couple on forehead; these specks grew to sizes ranging from one-sixteenth inch to three-quarter inch (I sport a beard). They did not appear to be just one type of "growth." Some sensitive, some not. In the neighborhood of five months back, I happened to rub my forehead and felt no discomfort, and had to really rub to feel some. It was necessary to squint to examine the other because color more natural and much smaller, and the largest on face seemed a little less pronounced. Improvement gained momentum. Now that largest one measured 80% smaller. Anything such as this was not the reason for consuming this much Raw Meal, Harmony. It just came as a bonus. Thinking about it, the skin is the largest organ providing many functions, the most unexpected being that it communicates with the liver and kidneys. It makes me wonder what is improving inside of me!
Provides the nutrition of a well-balanced, healthy meal Naturally filling, satisfies hunger, provides energy Excellent source of RAW organic, plant-based protein (34g) - including all essential amino acids Excellent source of 20 Vitamin Code vitamins and minerals - RAW Food-Created Nutrients and RAW Food-Chelated Minerals that enable targeted delivery and natural recognition by your body Excellent source of soluble and insoluble fiber (9-16g) depending on flavor Provides live probiotics and enzymes for healthy digestion Made exclusively from RAW natural, plant-based, whole foods - uncooked, untreated, unadulterated Contains 13 RAW organic sprouts, 4 RAW organic cereal grass juices, 5 RAW organic fruits, spirulina and chlorella No Trans Fats
pretty long time. mine says best by Jan 2016 on the bottom and I bought it several weeks ago.
On the nutrition facts under "Sugars" is says 26g. Under the ingredients list I only see "Organic Brown Rice Sweetener (from Organic Sprouted Brown Rice) with regards to "sugar". It doesn't really taste that sweet in my opinion. I usually add a packet of Stevia or some Agave Nectar to it for my taste. But I have a sweet tooth.
A very small amount since it's not in the ingredients list except at the end in a special note. I think there must have been soy in the nutrient broth that was used to culture some of the probiotic bacteria (which is why it says it's fermented). I would guess that most of that is removed/broken down. It is hard to find out from their website but it does say "soy free" on their site: http://www.gardenoflife.com/Products-for-Life/Foundational-Nutrition/RAW-Meal.aspx There is no FAQ, though. My guess is that if you are worried about hormonal effects, you shouldn't be, but if you have allergies, you're best staying away.
Yes they are. However just a tip they can be hard to open sometimes.
I haven't noticed much of a smell and I am very sensitive to smells. There is a mild smell when you open in, but it doesn't linger on the body.
Hi Gail, I gotta be honest, these were not a waste of money but I would not recommend buying. I have sensitive skin ad these did not bother me, it more of a hassle of using individual wipes & having to open more than per use. Personally I found the Kirkland brand to be better and have ordered them many times. Hope this helps.
Not sure since purchased last year. I did not enjoy the product; would not purchase again. I am currently using sensitive skin baby wipes, travel size and large container at home.
Yes, 48 bags in total
Nope! Get 2 3packs
Not as far as I can see on the ingredient list. I see from the description on Amazon that it contains Mentha Spicata leaf and that is not on my box. I've been drinking this a lot lately and don't taste any mint. It's not my favorite tea, but it tastes much better than the same type of tea from Traditional Medicinals. It has a black licorice taste (which I loathe!), but it tastes ok when i add honey.
We just received a new shipment on 3/30/15 with a "Best By October 2017" stamp. Mommy Gear ships the same day from our store in Pennsylvania. Please call us at 1-888-624-4327 if you have any questions.
there are two layers of packaging, the packaging weight counts.
It doesn't have that strong licorice taste like the other teas. You get 3 boxes of 16 bags.
I don't know that it works if you have already dried up. I did some research and couldn't find anything that said it will or will not work. Honestly, if it were me, I would give it a try seeing as it doesn't cost much. You can most likely find single boxes in the nutrition section of a grocery store but this option is so much cheaper. I wish you luck!
1 teabag per 1 cup :)
I like this one much better. Especially the taste. I won't use anything but this
That would be a good assumption. However, IMAO, maybe you should want the regular (fried) chips in lieu of the baked chips. If you subscribe to some of the more recent dietary theories (such as South Beach, paleo, Atkins, etc.) you may want the fat in the chips in order to reduce the glycemic index of the chips. Also, note that the baked chips will have lots of fat baked, so it is not necessarily correct to assume that the baked versions are necessarily "low fat."
We order a 12 pack of restaurant size bags of the no salt blue corn chips. The box is big. I don't have the dimensions but think of a supermarket size cardboard box that they would ship toilet paper in or something of that nature. If you carried it its the only thing you can carry. Its not heavy but its that big that it takes both arms to hold.
right from the package my good friend: sodium 150 mg (6% mdr) serving size 28 grams (about 11 chips)!!! In my opinion best tortilla chips on the market bar none; and healthiest as well!!! No I don't work for their company!!!
I enjoyed them immensely and ate them rather quickly, but would not order until Feb 2015...just to be safe
Mine are salt free blue chips, I have gotten them many times from Amazon- there is always an exp. date date- good for at least 3 mo. Which I could help more...
I have never had the Garden of Eatin' Sesame Blues. Sorry, I can't help you in this case.
???
Dear atticusthebaker, Thank you for your patience. No we do not offer "free" shipping. We assume that the description you saw is a mistake by Amazon as they merge various listings from different sellers.
Thank you for appreciating my attempt to answer your question. I can understand your frustration and wish you good luck in finding an answer. I have only purchase the yellow corn, and cannot comment on the "Red Hot Blues" when it displays "Blue, Salted" in the Flavor Drop Down."
Yes Rob. This frosting is gluten free. It says so on the back bottom of the container. I hope this answers your question.
Yes - they are all well within a year from now expiration date. The quality was excellent - just as you would expect from purchasing it in a grocery store.
none what so ever
I purchased the TCJC from various manufacturers after reading many articles and reviews on the benefits of tart cherrys. Country Spoon and 100%Tart Montmorency Cherry Concentrate are in my opinion the best 2. Thickest and best benefit in relieving pain from joint issues. Using the concentrates are easier than eating a ton of real cherries. I did research FDA warnings to a particular companies about using incorrect wording on their website. It was not directed towards the benefits of Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate in general. " Here is a link :http://www.fda.gov/ICECI/EnforcementActions/WarningLetters/2012/ucm307676.htm... And that was in 2012. There is another article from 2006. I think for $15.00 for a 160z bottle from Amazon or local vitamin store or vitaminshoppe online, you can test it for yourself. There are many many comments posted on Amazon and other places about whether they benefited from drinking TCJC. I can tell you it did help me. What has helped prob the most though is taking this and doing stretches on the areas I have problems with. ie the space between my thumb and forefinger and hand in general. Stretching helped tremendously while taking the cherry juice. I will not stop doing either one. Why tamper with good results. For some good stretching go to :http://www.do-it-yourself-joint-pain-relief.com. Gary's instructions have helped me tremendously ! Can I ask why it is important as to which orchard these cherries were grown in ?
This is a concentrate. I use 1/2 ounce to flavor my green matcha tea, which contains 3 cups of water.
The only ingredient listed is: "Montmorency Red Tart Cherry Juice Concentrate." It needs to be refrigerated after opening. The expiration dates I've received have ranged from 6 months to 1 year from purchase; these were from different vendors. The bottle I have in the refrigerator is one I opened back in October 2013 and although it still tastes good, it doesn't seem as "perky" or "bright" or "fresh" in flavor as it did when I first opened it. Since I only use it as a flavoring, it doesn't get used up as fast as someone drinking it as directed on the label: "Use 1 oz (2 Tb) night and morning."
If taken twice a day, it will last around 18 days. I am only taking once so 1 bottle easily last for just over one month.
Our farm is not organic. With that said we do use integrated pest management and are Global GAP approved. Integrated pest management (IPM) means that we use traps to monitor fly activity and then spray only as needed, minimizing pesticide use. We also use attract and kill products, an organic certified technique, to further minimize spraying. It is, however, necessary to spray when fly pressure exceeds preventative measures. Global GAP certification is a third party audit that examines, among other things, our pesticide use to ensure that we are using best agricultural practices. That's the long answer. The short answer is , no, we are not organic or pesticide free, but we do minimize their usage.
this is thick like a syrup. You do need to mix with water or I use unsweetened iced tea.
I'm not certain. Sorry. My husband takes it every day, and it lasts him about a month.
Plastic
There are 34 1 oz. servings in each bottle.
It is pure juice with nothing added and is delicious! It is very concentrated and needs to be diluted. I tried to reorder and was told their supply made them unable to fill my request so I ordered Fruit Fast instead. They are both pure juice. Country Spoon is from Utah and Fruit Fast is from Michigan. They both have the same flavor but Country Spoon is much more concentrated and thus much stronger flavored per tablespoon. Both delicious.
I don't know the iron content compared to the regular version but the whole wheat version meets 50% of your daily iron requirement. Hope this helps.
I don't really know, but size of the grains in the box are comparable to the original formula, so I suspect the overall contents are about the same
Full boxes
I just received my jar and am looking at the storage directions now. "Best By 10/2014. Store in a cool, dry and dark place. Use within 3 months after opening or refrigerate." So what this says to me is that, unopened, it's best by October 2014 (10 months from now). Once opened, it should be used within 2-3 months if stored in a cabinet (someplace dark and cool), OR it can be refrigerated to last longer, although it doesn't specify by how much.
Gee has a higher smoke point than butter approx 450-475 deg. Because of its price I would not use it as an oil substitute. I would save for your favorite meals and substitute gee for butter in cooking. I use only three fats/oils for cooking. Coconut oil, gee and organic butter from grass fed cows. It is best to rotate these when cooking and you will find one may taste better with a particular food. I find that I get the best taste when I blend them together. When I cook I will use a spoon of coconut oil and a little butter or gee.
no ghee can ever be raw. process of making ghee involves heating.
Yes they are both grass-fed. The cultured ghee is supposed to beneficial because the probiotics that grow in the cultured dairy are beneficial to the gut for digestion. I didn't buy the cultured ghee because if you're cooking with it you'll kill the beneficial bacteria anyway so no need for the higher cost. If you plan to use it to butter bread then it might be worth the purchase.
I do. It is clarified butter -- that is, just a different form of butter. The best answer is to try it to see if you like it on toast, potatoes, etc. It works wonderfully for a fried egg (put ghee in a cold pan, put in the egg while pan is cold, turn up heat to medium or med-low -- that is, cook the egg slowly -- it's a lovely difference from the traditional way of cooking egg on a surface that is already hot).
As I only cook for one and I hate waste my serving size is 1/8 to 1/4 tsp. That works for two eggs and 3 to 4oz. of Salmon respectively. I have used about half of one jar in the last month. Hope that helps.
When you are deep fat frying with Ghee, you will know when to change out; 1. It darkens/changes color 2. The flavor changes Hope this helps!
Yes, there's also 14 oz and 28.8 oz but I'm not sure if Amazon sells them.
Ghee doesn't need to be refrigerated. The site I get mine from, PureIndian sells a very inexpensive metal jar with a lid and tiny spoon...perfect for keeping on the countertop. I have never used a butter bell, but I am sure it would be fine.
they are only fed grass according to the manufacturer.
Neither.. They actually aren't salted. They are Raw almonds. No flavor at all.
it contains a circled "K" on the package, and it is my understanding that this means it is Kosher-certified.
0.675 oz. per bag.....100 calories.
1 bag (18g) - approximately 18 almonds Total carbs 3g Dietary fiber 2g Sugars 1g
They're almonds...
Vita Cost has all of the nutrition info...Nutrition Facts Serving Size: 1 Bag (18 g) Servings per Container: 7 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value Calories 100 Fat Calories 80 Total Fat 9 g 14% Saturated Fat 0.5 g 3% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 0 mg 0% Potassium 130 mg 4% Total Carbohydrate 3 g 1% Dietary Fiber 2 g 8% Sugars 1 g Protein 4 g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 4% Iron 4% Vitamin E 25% Magnesium 10% Other Ingredients: Almonds. May contain other tree nuts.
Each bag has 4 grams of protein
9 grams
About 15 I guess.
On the Blue Diamond web site they say the only nuts that contain gluten are the Jordan almonds and Wasabi & Soy Sauce Almonds.
Enjoy the bargain. Usually more volume does mean less cost per, but not this time.
It is regular and has very smooth flavor; not at all bitter.
It should be. I know that is not instant coffee. And it does not taste like decafe coffee.
If you purchase a box of K-cups that says " Decalf " then the whole box will be Decalf unless it tells you differently. We only use Decalf in our household.
You sign up for Amazon Prime annual membership. Note that the pricing really isn't different, just the shipping. With Amazon Prime eligible products you get free 2 day delivery with every order. Its well worth the investment if you shop Amazon 6+ times a year, IMO.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keurig#Product_details "a feature that initially prevented consumers from using other brands of coffee pods. The new system uses DRM to check for ultraviolet ink printed on K-cup lids" Since I do not have a 2.0, I cannot vouch that this model has UV ink. But I would play on the safe side, and say "No", until/unless someone with firsthand knowledge can verify in the affirmative. Edit: Also, https://www.gourmet-coffee.com/k2-faq.html I *can* confirm visually that these cups do have the words. I just cannot confirm with a 2.0 machine.
No just one flavor
I'm sorry. I don't know.
No there is not. It's a nice cinnamon flavor.
Oh yes. Love Donut House.
Depending how much the four packs (boxes) cost it could possibly 4 packs (boxes) of 12 each or 4 packs (boxes) of 24 each. More than likely it is a 4 pack (boxes) of 12 each per pack (boxes). Hope this helps.
I don't know but I order mine in 24 too because it is cheaper. You will like the coffee thou if that helps its worth the 56cents a cup
unfortunately, it does not.
I think the vue cups are different than regular k cups. Did you see if they have a vue version of this? I don't have a vue so I don't pay that much attention. I would sure check it out before purchasing.
Don't really worry about calories....love the taste! I usually have two cups of coffee in the morning to get me moving and I also drop in a spoonful of Cool Whip for a bit of latte effect
there is more of the cinnamon flavor. less of the coffee and less of a sense of sweetness. A flatter flavor than Cinnabon, but better than the Gloria Jean or Timothy's
Yes
5 calories per 1 tsp.
Calories=20 per 1 tbs --- Fat=0---Carbs=5g
Sin, on the back of my package it states that the expiration is April of 2015. I keep in freezer after opening. It never lasts long enough that I need to worry about that! Dr K
the shelf life is marked on the packages. they are sealed in mylar and I find it keeps exceptionally well(Better than those stored in cellophane by other companies. The grain and fruit also hold their shape and do not tend to turn to dust the way others do.) I store in fridge once it is opened.
It is wheat free but does contain barley and oats that are not certified gluten free so the answer would be no.
There are 12 boxes, with 4 popcorn packets in each.
The packages I received expired only a month after getting them.
There are 12 boxes, with 3 bags per box.
Not super sweet - natural tasting
Yes, they were fresh. I liked them but they are very sticky. I tried both the fruit & nut and the coconut ones.
I think it is more from the nuts.
The expiration date tells you how long the product should be fresh. Technically, stores are not supposed to sell products past the expiration (or "sell by" or "best by") date. I've been buying Kind bars for several years from local stores, as well as Amazon. I did once get a box (from Amazon) where the expiration date had gone by and the bars had a distinct rancid taste. But it has only happened once. Since then I buy locally and make sure to check the expiration date. I think maybe they are more susceptible to going rancid because the company uses such fresh ingredients and less preservatives.
all Kind bars that I have tried are fabulous. They have some new ones that are salty, so I never tried those. Read the labels - I think they are all gluten free and soy free. They are dairy free and non GMO. Not sure about gluten -- I don't understand everything about gluten, but read the ingredient labels. If you buy from Amazon by the box they are about l/3 cheaper than in the store. I love these bars and really don't feel guilty if I only have one a day. Enjoy!
I believe this is the product you are looking for: http://www.amazon.com/KIND-Almonds-Apricot-Yogurt-Natural/dp/B0034EFIGU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1382312974&sr=8-3&keywords=almonds+and+apricot+kind+bar
I agree. Have you contacted KIND? The last box I ordered from Amazon was stale (nuts going bad) and I just ordeed two boxes from REI and into the same thing. KIND should know. I let them know of my experience
Check with your doctor to make sure, but one bar would be a reasonable snack for most diabetic people. Since it has 22 grams of total carbohydrate but has 5 grams of fiber to subtract from total carbs, it counts as 17 grams toward your total carbohydrate intake for the day, or about one carb unit for most people.
Not super sweet - natural tasting
Yes, they were fresh. I liked them but they are very sticky. I tried both the fruit & nut and the coconut ones.
I think it is more from the nuts.
The expiration date tells you how long the product should be fresh. Technically, stores are not supposed to sell products past the expiration (or "sell by" or "best by") date. I've been buying Kind bars for several years from local stores, as well as Amazon. I did once get a box (from Amazon) where the expiration date had gone by and the bars had a distinct rancid taste. But it has only happened once. Since then I buy locally and make sure to check the expiration date. I think maybe they are more susceptible to going rancid because the company uses such fresh ingredients and less preservatives.
all Kind bars that I have tried are fabulous. They have some new ones that are salty, so I never tried those. Read the labels - I think they are all gluten free and soy free. They are dairy free and non GMO. Not sure about gluten -- I don't understand everything about gluten, but read the ingredient labels. If you buy from Amazon by the box they are about l/3 cheaper than in the store. I love these bars and really don't feel guilty if I only have one a day. Enjoy!
I believe this is the product you are looking for: http://www.amazon.com/KIND-Almonds-Apricot-Yogurt-Natural/dp/B0034EFIGU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1382312974&sr=8-3&keywords=almonds+and+apricot+kind+bar
I agree. Have you contacted KIND? The last box I ordered from Amazon was stale (nuts going bad) and I just ordeed two boxes from REI and into the same thing. KIND should know. I let them know of my experience
Check with your doctor to make sure, but one bar would be a reasonable snack for most diabetic people. Since it has 22 grams of total carbohydrate but has 5 grams of fiber to subtract from total carbs, it counts as 17 grams toward your total carbohydrate intake for the day, or about one carb unit for most people.
Not super sweet - natural tasting
Yes, they were fresh. I liked them but they are very sticky. I tried both the fruit & nut and the coconut ones.
I think it is more from the nuts.
The expiration date tells you how long the product should be fresh. Technically, stores are not supposed to sell products past the expiration (or "sell by" or "best by") date. I've been buying Kind bars for several years from local stores, as well as Amazon. I did once get a box (from Amazon) where the expiration date had gone by and the bars had a distinct rancid taste. But it has only happened once. Since then I buy locally and make sure to check the expiration date. I think maybe they are more susceptible to going rancid because the company uses such fresh ingredients and less preservatives.
all Kind bars that I have tried are fabulous. They have some new ones that are salty, so I never tried those. Read the labels - I think they are all gluten free and soy free. They are dairy free and non GMO. Not sure about gluten -- I don't understand everything about gluten, but read the ingredient labels. If you buy from Amazon by the box they are about l/3 cheaper than in the store. I love these bars and really don't feel guilty if I only have one a day. Enjoy!
I believe this is the product you are looking for: http://www.amazon.com/KIND-Almonds-Apricot-Yogurt-Natural/dp/B0034EFIGU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1382312974&sr=8-3&keywords=almonds+and+apricot+kind+bar
I agree. Have you contacted KIND? The last box I ordered from Amazon was stale (nuts going bad) and I just ordeed two boxes from REI and into the same thing. KIND should know. I let them know of my experience
Check with your doctor to make sure, but one bar would be a reasonable snack for most diabetic people. Since it has 22 grams of total carbohydrate but has 5 grams of fiber to subtract from total carbs, it counts as 17 grams toward your total carbohydrate intake for the day, or about one carb unit for most people.
Not super sweet - natural tasting
Yes, they were fresh. I liked them but they are very sticky. I tried both the fruit & nut and the coconut ones.
I think it is more from the nuts.
The expiration date tells you how long the product should be fresh. Technically, stores are not supposed to sell products past the expiration (or "sell by" or "best by") date. I've been buying Kind bars for several years from local stores, as well as Amazon. I did once get a box (from Amazon) where the expiration date had gone by and the bars had a distinct rancid taste. But it has only happened once. Since then I buy locally and make sure to check the expiration date. I think maybe they are more susceptible to going rancid because the company uses such fresh ingredients and less preservatives.
all Kind bars that I have tried are fabulous. They have some new ones that are salty, so I never tried those. Read the labels - I think they are all gluten free and soy free. They are dairy free and non GMO. Not sure about gluten -- I don't understand everything about gluten, but read the ingredient labels. If you buy from Amazon by the box they are about l/3 cheaper than in the store. I love these bars and really don't feel guilty if I only have one a day. Enjoy!
I believe this is the product you are looking for: http://www.amazon.com/KIND-Almonds-Apricot-Yogurt-Natural/dp/B0034EFIGU/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1382312974&sr=8-3&keywords=almonds+and+apricot+kind+bar
I agree. Have you contacted KIND? The last box I ordered from Amazon was stale (nuts going bad) and I just ordeed two boxes from REI and into the same thing. KIND should know. I let them know of my experience
Check with your doctor to make sure, but one bar would be a reasonable snack for most diabetic people. Since it has 22 grams of total carbohydrate but has 5 grams of fiber to subtract from total carbs, it counts as 17 grams toward your total carbohydrate intake for the day, or about one carb unit for most people.
I don't know for sure. The first batch that I bought was packaged in the states and they were very good to cook with. The second batch I bought took over two weeks to arrive and the post mark on the package was from one of the countries on the Pacific rim. These were like rubber and didn't taste very good in addition to they were too hard to cook. I am not sure whether to trust the vender or not because if they send me more of the same as the second batch, I'll not buy from then again. Ed A
the box it came in was postmarked from Thailand
According to the list of ingredients, may included suffer that occurs naturally.
I'd say from the far east, most likely farm raised. As I advised others before they are good in soup or a stir fry but do not have the full robust flavor like a forest grown natural Shitake Mushroom.
I got some about 4 months ago and they're still great! Give them time to reconstitute. A nice broth is also created when they are soaked in water.
It is 1lb.
Not certain but I do not believe so. They are from Frieda's which is a very high quality supplier of specialty food items. We will definitely reorder these as they were as good or better than any we have had before and you will not find a better price.
Hi Mathew, Different sellers have different pricing, in our case item qualifies for free shipping with Amazon prime. It is not Amazons policy to allow pricing in subject line, there is a place on the Amazon selling page for pricing (not the item description), however, we cannot alter the item description. thanks
No, this is more like what you get in an Indian restaurant (Chai is the word indians use for tea). I've been drinking chai all my life but this brand is way too sweet for my tast.
We haven't, but I imagine you could use it to make frosting. Just make a regular buttercream frosting and add the powdered Chai to taste, maybe tsp or two. Might be nice on carrot cake or spice cake
The container says its your own preference. Milk or water. I use hot water more so. You can even make ICE CHAI with it ,which I like in the summertime ;-p
Though hydrogenated fats are not specifically listed, the product does contain coconut oil and corn syrup solids as part of the nondairy creamer ingredient/component.
65mg per serving
NO, there is sugar and honey crystals, sucrose corn syrup but no artificial sugar. I love chai and I like it rather sweet so this is perfect for me.
There is no mention of such on the label.
yes
I would not order these again. I had these shipped to my mom. She told me at least 1 was rotten. She said the bodies were about 4" long.
The crabs are small. Each is about 3-4" long, and individually wrapped.
Each Blue Crab is about 1 inch by 3 inches, we package by the Dozen.
No it is not, I recently switched to Truroots because this had so much fluff...
It is a complete protein. So if you want to replace your white rice with this and other grains it will serve a s a better source of protein/carb that your body can utilize. Hope that makes sense.
I'm not sure on servings but 1 cup of uncooked quinoa makes about 2 or 3 cooked cups. There is tons in this package
This arrangement was put together by a feng sui expert so leaving it together is how it its meant to be. That being said you could take it apart and arrange however you want just keep roots moist!
I'll tell you exactly what I did and my bamboo planters are nice and green and healthy, but slow growing which suits me fine. I used a 4" deep bowl and put one layer of clear acrylic rocks on the bottom. Then placed the bamboo on top of them. The bowl is 7" in diameter. I then finished filling up the bowl around the bamboo with acrylic rocks all the way to the top. These anchor the plant in place. I use Brita filtered water to water my plants. I purchased Super Green bamboo food which comes in a squeeze bottle. Every other month I squeeze 1/2 a bottle into a glass of brita pitcher filtered water. Every fourth month I will take this plant to the kitchen sink and I will use this filtered water to totally run over the sides of the bowl to completely change the water inside the bowl. I will also use this same water to wet a cloth and clean off any dust on the leaves. I have used this method to create a total of three planters of which I gave two as gifts. I used artificial small sunflowers to poke in the rocks to add more color. Looks Great! Will grow in filtered light or complete shade. You'll have a live plant for years with very little care. The leaves will not turn brown if given bamboo food and regular water change. I've made these planters for over 6 months now and as of now, they ALL are healthy, green and growing.
You certainly can use distilled water. Most of the growers seem to want to recommend that you use distilled water over tap because of the lack of fluoride, chemicals and harsh salts in most tap water. I've been using tap water for years on my plants without any issues at all. Mine have grown to an enormous height and have really flourished. I guess the real point is how pure is your current tap water now? If you drink it or you use filtered water, then I suggest that is the same water you should give to your bamboo.
I put mine in a 6 inch pot about 5 inches high and it is doing great . I like using pots with a wide top .
Yes they are all tied together like the photo
It's imported from The East for Eastern Feng Shui practices. I love them & my experience has been wonderful. Bit of you want bamboo in your house as a house plant or strictly for looks, my belief is that any plant you choose for that purpose will work.
It's straight. I have had for a few months and it is doing very well. My only problem is keeping the cat from eating it.
bamboo is vey hardy without a water substitute gel bamboo will live about 10 days and even then it still may be revived......
Mine were and they were beautiful and healthy
I'm not sure about the quantity of each size. But I believe they already come bundled together and are meant to be displayed that way. They are tiered according to height and bound by a gold metallic band. I just put the whole thing in a shallow bowl lined with some smooth pebbles. I keep the bottom wet not swimming. It's thriving as it is.
they are German made i assure you 100%
86 calories for 10 pieces (1 roll 7/8 oz)
Twisted.
That I don't know, I would contact haribo to find out the definitives on that. Sorry wasn't better help
Gummy:) a little softer them gummi bears but not too much. Bought them for my dad and he raved about them
Oh yes! Mine have been in the freezer for a year and I just made some popcorn the other night. Tastes perfect to me :)
I have confirmed with the MFG (Arrowhead Mills) that indeed this is NON GMO corn!!! An even better product!
90% of their sources are in the U.S. I would assume this is from Texas as it is certified organic by the USDA Division of Texas. Here is some info from their website. http://www.arrowheadmills.com/content/locally-sourced
It is referring to making it into popcorn balls with those ingredients, or their recipe called Popcorn Squares. (read from the label)
I have used it , but it is not in my regular diet
Yes it does - it contains 3g of sugar and evaporated cane juice as indicated on the label.
No, it is plastic.
Yes it is made without any animal byproduct
By almond only they mean that no other type of nut is processed there so as to risk contamination with peanuts, etc. Some people are so allergic that even a trace of peanuts can cause a severe reaction.
My last order was Jan 29, 2014. I order large quanity as I love the stuff and do not want to pay unnecessary shipping costs. Like all foods it will depend on when produced. I have one jar left and the expiration date is printed on bottom of jar. This one says 11/06/2014.
1.5g in a 2 tbsp serving
Plastic
The 16oz jar shows these nutrition info. 2tbsp=180 cal. w/140 from fat. Total fat 15g or 24%. Sat fat 1.5g, Trans fat 0g, Cholest 0g, Sodium 100mg,total carb 8g, Dietary fiber3g, sugars 3g , protein 6g, Calcium 8%,iron 8%,VitaminE 25%, Magnesium 20%.
I used a 13" vase for my roses. I cut about 2" off of each stem and that seemed to work pretty well. You could probably even go taller. You could use a shorter vase if you like, but you would have to trim off more of the stems. Also, it's a good idea if your vase is about 5" wide as 25 roses takes up quite a bit of width.
Yes, the note comes inside the box with the roses. To include a note with your roses, during the buying process on Amazon you will see a link that says "Add Gift Options". Click it and type your message. We look forward to sending some of the most amazing roses! :-)
Yes, Guillermo, if you include your gift message when you place the order we will include it with your roses.
During checkout you'll see a link that says: "Add Gift Options". Click it and there you will see how to add your gift message. They will send a nice note with your heartfelt message along with the roses. Beautiful gift!, always very well received!
Everything is included in the delivery costs you see on Amazon
Hello Connie, Our packaging has been developed to safely ship and protect our roses during travel only when packed in bunches of 25 stems.
To Our Valued Customers **** IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RECENT ORDER **** It has come to our attention that FedEx is sending out a bill for $35.00 for "Duties and Taxes" to the recipients of our roses. If you happen to receive this FedEx Invoice please keep in mind the following: THIS INVOICE IS A MISTAKE BY FEDEX. YOU DO NOT OWE ANY MONEY. PLEASE DISREGARD THIS INVOICE FROM FEDEX FOR $35.00 FedEx says their system had a setting that automatically generated this invoice at the time your roses came into the US. There will be an official communication from FedEx which we will have available soon. Please note that our fresh roses DO NOT pay import duties when entering the US. PLEASE NOTE: YOU DO NOT NEED TO CONTACT FEDEX DIRECTLY Their phone representatives will only confirm that the invoice is a bill for "Duties and Taxes" as that is what their system says. They are in the process of fixing this issue, so contacting them will only add to the confusion. But please rest assured that you DO NOT OWE ANY MONEY. We apologize for any confusion caused by this mistake in the part of FedEx Thank you and best regards, The Spring in the Air Team
Hello Gary, Since this year the 14th is on Saturday and FedEx cannot guarantee delivery to all zip codes on Saturday, we are offering delivery on Friday to ensure that everyone gets their roses fresh and on time without any delays for the holiday. Most customers are asking to have their roses delivered to their sweetheart's office address on Friday.
Unfortunately, FedEx cannot deliver to P.O. Boxes. We recommend that you enter an address where there will be someone available to sign for the package. It can be an office or home address. Roses are delicate and this will prevent them from being left unattended and exposed to extreme temperatures. We want you to have the best possible experience with our roses. Thanks for your interest and we look forward to sending some of the world's most amazing roses! ;-)
Hello Frankwei, Yes, we can deliver to any address in the USA where FedEx service is available. When placing your order, be sure to pick the date for your delivery. Also, click on the box that says "This will be a gift" and that way, you will be able to enter a FREE GIFT MESSEGE that is included with your order. If you don't choose a sprecific date, your roses will be delivered within 1 to 3 business days after your order is received in our system. Thanks for your interest and we look forward to sending some of the world's most amazing roses. :)
I bought mine about 6 or 7 months ago and the use by date is 09/20/2016 which was 2 1/2 yers later. Still got 2 years to go.:)
No, it is not! Find that here---&gt; http://www.amazon.com/Bumble-Bee-Premium-Albacore-Water/dp/B00374SKXA/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1393111561&sr=8-8&keywords=bumble+bee+albacore+tuna There are other varieties, as well. Just search "Albacore Tuna"
Haven't really tried it that way as I eat with a dab of Mayo & a dash of horse radish. I always empty about half an ounce or so of liquid from the packet when opening. Doesn't look or feel particularly dry, but you might want to try a pack from local market before ordering in bulk.
The price on this item fluctuates often. It was probably $12 when the ad was sent to you. Just add this to your cart, then go to your cart. Click on "save for later". The tuna will show up below the actual cart contents. Each time you click on your "cart", Amazon will show you any price changes on your saved items, both lower and higher. The tuna cycles in price, but should be $12 in a month or so again. Grab some when you see it for $12. It's worth it. Not worth the super high prices, but fair at $12.
On my tuna packets it says Product of Thailand.
There is no indication on the package one way or the other. It appears to be lined with a thin layer of clear plastic.
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
It's not an apples to apples comparison since one is a measure of weight/mass and the other is volume. However, I weighed a 1/3 cup of sprinkles and it was 2.5 ounces. Hope that helps.
its not made from gluten but its made around other products the they sell have gluten. Its like if you are allergic to peanuts and its says on the package this product is made in the same place peanut product are made. Hope this help.
No idea. I world refer to the company directly (https://www.ckproducts.com/) and ask their customer service people.
Sugar, Corn Starch, Confectioner's Glaze. Camauba Wax. This product is prepared and packaged with machines that may come into contact with Wheat Gluten, Eggs, Dairy or Dairy Products, Peanuts, Soy, Tree Nuts. I have issues with wheat, dairy, and tree nuts, but have been able to use this product without any problems.
Hello, unfortunatly yes they do warn against the possibilities of the jimmies coming in contact with nuts and soy.
i think it would be. i did a lot of cake pops with it.
The package reads, This product is prepared and packaged using machines that may come into contact with wheat gluten, eggs, dairy or dairy products, peanuts, soy, tree nuts. I guess it depends how sensitive you are. I have a tree nut sensitivity, but have had no issues using this product.
What does that mean?
Ingredients: Vanilla Bean Extractives (from the orchid species Vanilla planifolia), Water, Alcohol (35%) and Sugar (0.5 grams per 1 Tbsp.).
According to the bottle it uses Vanilla planifolia, which is the species known as Madagascar or Bourbon vanilla and is the species most commonly used in cooking. Strictly speaking, Madagascar/Bourbon vanilla would be Vanilla planifolia that was actually grown in that region of the world. Mexican vanilla, for example, is Vanilla planifolia grown in Mexico. Tahitian vanilla, in contrast, is from a different orchid.
There are two types of vanilla extract. Immitation (artificially made) and pure. Pure has no artificial flavorings in it..thus making it a superior and richer tasting vanilla.
I would try to call the company or check Goggle on that. Real Vanilla extract is very expensive. If you see a major jump in price, its pure. I use it in pancakes etc and like vodka, when its combined with something else you cant taste the difference. If you are a real chef and cook daily You will want the real stuff.
I haven't tried it, but I do not think it would be good for that. As in all vanilla extract it is made with alcohol (bourbon, I think), and that smell is noticeable. You would smell like you had been on a bender.
It is plastic.
Yes, it says on the bottle. :-)
Yes-as a matter of fact, I see it every time we go into Costco. Love this stuff and the price!
Actuall I never noticed a "best by" date on the bottle. . .not to say it wasn't there. I would think the shelf life would be a few years since it is high in sodium.
Not overly fishy. Gives food a "restaurant quality" taste.. Best fish sauce on the market!
No need to be refrigerated.
I don't know but since it is fermented I suspect at least 6 months.
yes. Only ingredients are anchovies and salt.
Anchovy, sea salt. That's everything listed.
Extract of anchovy and salt through natural fermenting process
If you taste it by itself you will vomit! It's fermented anchovies! It's made to enhance dishes like soup, chili, 2 drops in 4 scrambled eggs is da bomb. It's made to enhance food, boost the umami flavor which is savory
1490 mg per 1 TBSP serving size. Ingredients listed are Anchovy, Sea salt
Hi again - Wasn't sure u had access to the full report. I pulled out a good portion which I add here. Many of the tested products were excessive in cadmium, so I would ask them a) if they had tested for cadmium, & if yes how their result compared to the article's 0.3 mcg per gm. cadmium limit. I wouldn't take their word for it. Here's part of the report: Nearly every cocoa powder ConsumerLab analyzed-including products from Nestle, Trader Joe's, and Hershey's-contained dangerously high quantities of cadmium, a metal research has linked to kidney damage and bone softening. As noted above, there can be wide variation in the flavanol concentrations of cocoa-based products. In addition, heavy metals can contaminate cocoa plants and cocoa-based products. Consequently, ConsumerLab.com tested a variety of cocoa and cacao products for their amounts of flavanols, as well as for the heavy metals lead, cadmium, and arsenic. Although for many years there was scientific uncertainty about how to properly measure flavanols in cocoa products, in 2012 a validated method, using high performance liquid chromatography, was developed and published by the AOAC International, allowing for more standardized measurement. This is the method utilized by ConsumerLab.com. To help you get flavanols most economically while reducing exposure to heavy metals, we compared the cost of getting from each product 200 mg of flavanols -- an amount which may confer cardiovascular benefit when used daily with a healthful diet. Navitas Naturals Cacao Nibs had a higher concentration of flavanols than any of the powders, but slightly exceeded the 0.3 mcg per gram limit for cadmium, having 0.32 mcg per gram. A suggested 1 oz serving (28 gram) serving would provide a whopping 988 mg of flavanols, but also 8.9 mcg of cadmium. However, less than half a tablespoon (6 grams) would contain less than 2 mcg of cadmium and provide over 200 mg of flavanols which is about as good as you can get with the tested natural powders or nibs. Your Best Options: As we found, it is tricky to get a good amount of flavanols (200 mg) from cocoa and chocolate products while avoiding contaminants and unwanted ingredients, paying a reasonable cost, and not having to consume an extraordinarily large serving (such as 50 pills per day). While no product met all of these criteria, the following appear to be the best options: Navitas Naturals Cacao Nibs - This could not technically be Approved since it slightly exceeds the limit for cadmium, but these dense, natural nibs are very rich in flavanols so eating just half a tablespoonful (about 6 grams) rather than the recommended serving of 28 grams, will give you over 200 mg of flavanols with fairly low exposure to cadmium (under 2 mcg) and no lead contamination. The cost for this small serving is only about 20 cents and the total calories are about 30. The nibs can be chewed raw or, as suggested on the label, used in cereal, yogurt, oatmeal, ice cream, cookies, smoothies, shakes and coffee. How Much of a Danger is Cadmium and Lead from Cocoa? Many of the tested cocoa powders exceeded various established limits for toxic heavy metals - particularly for cadmium, and represent significant and unnecessary exposure to cadmium. Cadmium is a probable carcinogen (i.e., cancer-causing agent), can be toxic to the kidneys, can soften the bones, causing bone pain, and may affect fetal development. Cadmium accumulates in the body due to its long biological half-life in humans of 10 to 35 years. It has been conservatively estimated that an adult weighing 150 lbs can tolerate total ongoing daily exposure to cadmium (that is, from all sources of exposure - food, drink, air) of up to 25 mcg, while a child of half that weight can tolerate about 12 mcg (XEFSA 2011). Due to these safety concerns, limits have been established by various governments and agencies. Most of the cocoa products tested contained 1 to 1.5 mcg of cadmium per gram of powder, which is three to five times the 0.3 mcg per gram (or 0.3 ppm) concentration limit suggested by the World Health Organization in dried plants which are consumed. In addition, a daily serving of many products exceeds the limit in California of 4.1 mcg, above which a warning is to appear on the label, and the limit in Canada where a daily serving of a natural health product must contain no more than 6 mcg of cadmium for an individual weighing 150 lbs and 3 mcg for a 75 lb individual, such as a child. Unfortunately, the U.S. government has not set a limit for cadmium in supplements or foods. Three of the products were also found to contain small amounts of lead - 1 to 1.5 mcg per daily serving - which exceed California's limit of 0.5 mcg per daily serving. While a child or adult can tolerate, respectively, a total daily intake of 6 or 70 micrograms of lead per day (or 25 mcg for a woman who is pregnant), no amount of lead is considered safe and it is best to avoid lead exposure whenever possible. Since cadmium and lead compete for absorption with other metals, you may be able to reduce their absorption by making sure that you're getting adequate calcium, iron, and zinc in your diet (Nawrot, Biometals 2010). ConsumerTips: What to Consider When Buying and Using: As shown in the test results above, the flavanol content of cocoa and cacao products can vary tremendously and most products do not list their flavanol content. Use the information in the fourth column to compare the amounts found. Be aware that caffeine levels also range widely: Some products contain little while others provide more caffeine than a cup of coffee. Again, use the information in the table above to compare amounts of caffeine in products. An effective dose of flavanols from cocoa products has not been established for any specific purpose, although positive results have been seen with dosages ranging from about 50 mg to 200 mg per day. As noted above, in Europe, cocoa-based products providing at least 200 mg of total flavanols per day are permitted to claim an effect which may promote normal blood flow. To get 200 mg of flavanols from a natural or raw, unsweetened cocoa powder, you would need about 1 to 1 tablespoonsful of powder. Some products, however, are made to contain higher concentrations of flavanols. Products made from cocoa powder which has been dutched (alkaline processed) -- which lowers the bitterness and darkens the color of cocoa powder, have lower concentrations of flavanols: light dutching reduces levels by about 60%, medium dutching by about 75%, and heavy dutching by about 90% according to one study (Miller, J Agric Food Chem 2008). Concerns and Cautions: Cocoa and chocolate products are generally safe. However, the caffeine and theobromine in these products may cause side effects such as heartburn, gastritis, insomnia, anxiety, and heart arrhythmias, as well as interfere with the actions of drugs used for these conditions and with stimulant drugs and MAO inhibitors.
3 g protein. 229 mg potassium. 8 g carb of which 5 g dietary fiber and 0g sugars. 0mg cholesterol. 3 mg sodium. 2 g fat of which 1g is saturated, 0 g transfat. calcium 2%. iron 12%.
Absolutely!! I made some amazing fudge brownies...best ever...can't wait to make them again!!
I don't know, I haven't tried it. I don't know why not though.
Be very careful when you are shopping this item. I purchased what I thought to be an entire case as you described in your question only to receive 3 boxes instead of the 6. I now only buy from Amazon fulfilling only because other listing are deceptively priced. I pay around 35.00 for a full case. .6 boxes. I hope this feedback helps you.
We used both and it doesn't make too much of a difference. Obviously a little creamier with milk...
According to the product website, it is NOT gluten-free. Sorry. http://www.carnationbreakfastessentials.com/Products/FAQ.aspx
Ask Your Doctor, 'cause I'm not sure of where You are.
I have ordered the 8 pack twice and all 16 boxes have had all 3 flavors.
This is a case that contains 8 boxes with 8 packages in each box
I get these via subscribe and save about every two months. Eight boxes and the last batch received in August had expiration dates of March 14, 2014.
Only buy vannila sugar free..just had one ! Sorry cannot help you !
Yes.
Yes....6 boxes of 10 packs per box
Yes
I believe once you add the milk to the packet the protein grams increase!!
It's made by Nestle, in Florham Park NJ. Try the French Vanilla first.
July 20, 2015
12 ounces is my preference
It's a powder that you mix with milk. I suppose you could use a lactose free milk-like product. Since I don't have the problem I've never tried. But the powder itself is lactose free.
I actually like them all. The malt/dark choc is probably my least favorite though, yet I still like those. I shake a box up in the morning without looking and just do a random pull, that would be the one I drink that day.
Yes.
lol yes...You get a big ol' cardboard box that inside contains 6 of the Breakfast Essential Boxes, which each have 10 bags.
I guess around 15-16. The bulk allows you to use more or less according to your taste.
yes, according to the labeling it is. the ingredients are: yellow corn flour, maltodextrin, salt, paprika, spices, modified cornstarch, ancho chili pepper, sugar, garlic powder, citric acid, yeast extract, onion powder, caramel color, silicon dioxide.
It does not state "low sodium" on the container. There are 430mg of sodium per tablespoon. 140 mg or less per servings I believe is considered "low," so my answer would be that it is NOT Low Sodium.
Yes
It has a circle with a K inside it marked on the front label.
Absolutely! Put 2 1/2 to 3 tablespoons in a paper bag o an Air Popper and set microwave to "high" for 3 minutes. The time may need adjusting, depending on your microwave power. I do not use oil, butter or anything else during the popping. After popping, I sometimes spray the non-calorie butter on the popped corn. Delicious. Eat it most days.
It had just as many hulls as any other popcorn I've used.
I see it on the label from here.. non gmo in the red circle top left.. if it really is non gmo thats amazing.. corn is the most genetically modified product after soy.. Im going to try it just for that reason!
Hi, Nutritionwise I do not know if there is any difference. The taste is a bit different between the yellow & white with the white being a little smaller of a popped corn and more flavorful and more tender with less hard hulls. I prefer the white because of that so I don't break a tooth. I hope this helps making your decision.
I've used both and find Snappy to be just as crisp and tasty and easier to find.
Not tough, but about half the size you want them to be.
According to their website description have no idea but they don't lie about it being a popcorn lovers popcorn. Snappy White Popcorn. Snappy white popcorn is an old fashioned popcorn lover's popcorn. The small kernel when popped creates a light and tender puff with less hulls for easier eating. Snappy Popcorn is family grown and is entering into a third generation of operations. We pride ourselves on quality and freshness
NO! Just bought the Presto Air popper and Snappy White Popcorn(GMO free) and more kernals flew out of the popper than popped. I came back to Amazon to see if I could find out what works with the Popper as it had really good reviews...Can anyone answer this...looking for (GMO free) popcorn.
I believe the Snappy Yellow Popcorn is the mushroom popcorn you are looking for..
I don't see why not, it is like any other popcorn. I did mine in the mircowave with a Presto popper. It did fine. Just nothing special. Hope this helps!
The strips are about 10 1/2 inches long.
Its been a year since I purchased this but I do remember it wasn't as much as it appears in picture. We were making a full sheet cake and it want enough to go around the cake. Maybe 5" per sheet
Can you be a lil more specific. Im not understanding your question.
I enjoy it but the taste for this type of product is a very personal experience. I have read other reviews of people who might not like it but I am someone who enjoys natural tasting things. I don't like something having a very sweet tasting chocolate and this does not. You might want to go to a local Whole Food Store or some type of health food store as they usually sell one serving packets. This way you can taste it before buying. I did this when I bought another product I am now using and bought at Amazon called RAW meal replacement. Much less expensive on Amazon and this is now my choice of for shakes. Hope this helps.
Yes, it does! I use alomond, coconut, or ancient grain milk and they all mix well. I use one of the plastic shaker cups and it mixes thoroughly.
I'm 6'2 and 212lbs and this last me about 1hr 30min before I'm hungry again. So for me, it works good for a snack and easy to digest
It does but not as quickly as RAW. RAW I had to gulp down very fast or it would get gross. This I can drink over the course of 20-30 mins and not be grossed out. I blend mine with ice and almond milk.
If you get the cocoa flavored one it probably has a little caffeine.
According our inventory, we currently supply the same formula listed in the supplement facts and in the same container as pictured. At this time we do not have the new formula available. We apologize for any disappointment. -Swanson Health Products
Have you tried reading the ingredient label in the picture provided?
No - it's a protein powder.
Yes. The chocolate flavor isn't very good. The mango is pretty good.
I just add a frozen banana and 2 tbsp. PB2, I like my smoothies thick so I add ice also.
I enjoy it but the taste for this type of product is a very personal experience. I have read other reviews of people who might not like it but I am someone who enjoys natural tasting things. I don't like something having a very sweet tasting chocolate and this does not. You might want to go to a local Whole Food Store or some type of health food store as they usually sell one serving packets. This way you can taste it before buying. I did this when I bought another product I am now using and bought at Amazon called RAW meal replacement. Much less expensive on Amazon and this is now my choice of for shakes. Hope this helps.
Yes, it does! I use alomond, coconut, or ancient grain milk and they all mix well. I use one of the plastic shaker cups and it mixes thoroughly.
I'm 6'2 and 212lbs and this last me about 1hr 30min before I'm hungry again. So for me, it works good for a snack and easy to digest
It does but not as quickly as RAW. RAW I had to gulp down very fast or it would get gross. This I can drink over the course of 20-30 mins and not be grossed out. I blend mine with ice and almond milk.
If you get the cocoa flavored one it probably has a little caffeine.
According our inventory, we currently supply the same formula listed in the supplement facts and in the same container as pictured. At this time we do not have the new formula available. We apologize for any disappointment. -Swanson Health Products
Have you tried reading the ingredient label in the picture provided?
No - it's a protein powder.
Yes. The chocolate flavor isn't very good. The mango is pretty good.
I just add a frozen banana and 2 tbsp. PB2, I like my smoothies thick so I add ice also.
I enjoy it but the taste for this type of product is a very personal experience. I have read other reviews of people who might not like it but I am someone who enjoys natural tasting things. I don't like something having a very sweet tasting chocolate and this does not. You might want to go to a local Whole Food Store or some type of health food store as they usually sell one serving packets. This way you can taste it before buying. I did this when I bought another product I am now using and bought at Amazon called RAW meal replacement. Much less expensive on Amazon and this is now my choice of for shakes. Hope this helps.
Yes, it does! I use alomond, coconut, or ancient grain milk and they all mix well. I use one of the plastic shaker cups and it mixes thoroughly.
I'm 6'2 and 212lbs and this last me about 1hr 30min before I'm hungry again. So for me, it works good for a snack and easy to digest
It does but not as quickly as RAW. RAW I had to gulp down very fast or it would get gross. This I can drink over the course of 20-30 mins and not be grossed out. I blend mine with ice and almond milk.
If you get the cocoa flavored one it probably has a little caffeine.
According our inventory, we currently supply the same formula listed in the supplement facts and in the same container as pictured. At this time we do not have the new formula available. We apologize for any disappointment. -Swanson Health Products
Have you tried reading the ingredient label in the picture provided?
No - it's a protein powder.
Yes. The chocolate flavor isn't very good. The mango is pretty good.
I just add a frozen banana and 2 tbsp. PB2, I like my smoothies thick so I add ice also.
The Sincerely Nuts website lists two options. The cheaper one, the price of which appears to align with these nuts, is from China. There is a more expensive option from Spain.
Yes
I have Snack Farm Pine nuts. Tastes great.
all of 2 pounds less maybe a ounce hope that answers your question
I'd love to know why you would ask. Regardless, they came in a plastic bag, inside a slightly larger shipping box. Of course, the bag does not have right angles. The bag size is about 27mm X 14mm X6mm.
The ones I ordered came from Farm Fresh Nuts, which is based in NYC. If you go to their website, you can ask directly. The quality is very good and I didn't feel need to track down source (although most likely it is China, as I don't think CA grows cashews), as I can't seem to find decent ones anymore in our local markets here in CA.
label says 120 mg/serving....95 mg in 8 oz of coffee
42 servings
Completely normal, it's from the spark powder.
It says 45, but I think that is with leveled off scoops(scoop comes with). I usually generously top off the scoop and it lasts a little over a month.
Yes it has artificial sweeteners.
It is a strict violation of AdvoCare policies to sell AdvoCare product on an e-commerce website (such as eBay, Amazon or craigslist). These unauthorized selling practices, either directly or indirectly, are strictly prohibited. AdvoCare takes extensive measures to combat such practices. Lastly, AdvoCare does not and will not guarantee any products purchased on an e-commerce website. The only authorized way to sell AdvoCare product is through your AdvoCare Distributor microsite.
45 calories per serving.
AdvoCare Spark is not a dietary supplement that is designed to make you lose weight by itself. I used it in place of coffee in the morning and as a pre-workout energy boost. It does work well in those applications. It could assist in losing weight when used with a quality diet and exercise program.
42
Yes
I would not be so bold to make that claim. However, I have used it and my son uses it as well and it seems to help more with energy and perhaps focus for working out.
I currently am out of stock on this flavor.
they are a little vague on the packaging, which in itself is a little concerning. I would check their website at www.advocare.com
My Basic Recipe: 3 cups of All Purpose Flour (I use 00 Flour) 2 tsp Salt 1 tsp Sugar 2 Tbsp of Extra Virgin Olive Oil 1 1/3 cups of Warm Water, 110 degrees 1 Envelope of Yeast 1) Add the yeast to warm water and set it aside for about 5 minutes. 2) In the bowl of a standing mixer, fitted with a dough attachment, mix together the flour, salt, sugar and olive oil. Stir the yeast in the water to make sure its all dissolved and add it to the flour mixture. 3) With the speed on medium, mix until everything is combined. Reduce the speed to low and mix for 10 minutes. 4) Oil 2 bowls with olive oil and set aside. Divide the dough in two pieces and roll into a ball. Place each ball of dough into the oiled bowls, seam side down and brush the tops of the dough with a little oil to stop them from drying out. Place a piece of plastic wrap on top of each bowl and place the dough into a warm place let rise for 1 hour or until double in size, then you are all set :-)
Have not used it for that. I have used it for other crusts, many breads and biscuits, brioche, etc. Haven't had a problem with anything yet. Gone through over 60 pounds in a few months.
Yes...within a year of purchase.
If you are referring to the light blue flour that is super fine- there is a major difference in all of them (Red-blue- and light blue)Caputo "Extra" is a flour produced with a low extraction rate. Because it is lower in protein it makes a soft crumb (interior) which is more like store bought white bread or regular italian bread. Baguettes are usually made from this type of flour. It is very much like an American all-purpose flour but "00", and Caputo quality. One thing to remember to get exact results of some " Italian bakeries a very high temp oven may be required"
In Italy this is all they would use for bread and pasta.
It worked great and tasted great. The recipe I used was basic pizza dough from cooks.com
Its made in Italy. Excellent for authentic Neopolitan Pizza. Probably can be used for any baking but have never tried it for anything but pizza.
I have never seen any. Anywhere. And cannot recall seeing whole wheat flour on the shelves in grocery stores in Italy.
00 Flour will NOT be gluten free. Caputo does have a gluten free flour which is pretty good. http://www.amazon.com/Antico-Caputo-Fiore-Gluten-Flour/dp/B00FXH8QFQ/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1420305739&sr=8-1&keywords=Caputo+Flour+gluten+free
I just bought a bottle by accident (I meant to buy the butter flavor, not butter vanilla) and my ingredients are different than others' ingredients: water, propylene glycol, modified food starch, xanthan gum, citric acid, titanium dioxide, potassium sorbate, partially hydrogenated soybean oil... not a fan of any of these ingredients really... it's kinda sad that an extract needs trans fats in it?
no no no. this is an "extract" for baking.... and flavoring. it has water in it that will be incompatible with the oils used for popping the corn.
We are not sure what other ingrediants you are wanting to mix it with. We understand that the emulsion is a water based product, so it may or may not mix well. Thanks Paul
no the color of butter, but it doesn't change batter color
it certainly is....these items are concentrates and not meant to taste out of the bottle. any extract will provide the same experience. I would suggest using it in your baked goods in the amt suggested and you will most certainly be more pleased.
I am not exactly sure of that one. I do know that the emulsions are based in water rather than alcohol but I would go directly to Lorann's website and see if they have an 800# to contact if this is a critical issue.
The bottle only list bake goods as its uses and did not include candy. The consistency is creamy, with a vey definite butter smell.
about one year
The yellow is the new packaging. I have one can of each. They are identical.
For large volume purchases you should contact amazon directly. There may be limits on formula in particular. Unfortunately bulk purchasing of formula has caused shortages in other countries where it is bought and resold in China where there is a huge demand for foreign-made brands.
I received the 2016 August.So, I think you can buy it.
Well it's powdered and sealed in a container. Theoretically it has a long shelf life. There's usually a "best by" date, however I'd use that as guidance only. Each batch is going to have it's own date. I'd call their customer support @ 1-800-BABY123 I know my child loved these, I never could keep them in stock.
Should be 15 years in May
nope - it is just the "new look"
no
2
5 &#65374;6 lbs.
Should last years if inner seal is unopened. I opened mine six months ago and it is still fresh (sweet and crispy)
Yes, this will work for scalloped corn but you must first reconstitute the corn. This is easy for the freeze dried corn but for the dehydrated corn the cooking time will be much longer. The rehydration information comes with the purchase of the dehydrated and freeze dried fruits and vegetables.
According to the label, the 8oz package contains 16 servings (1/4 cup each). Each serving has 47 calories.
None. It is 100% dehydrated tomato ground into a powder. There are no preservatives or anything at all that is artificial. The only thing you can't eat is the container it comes in, truly. This is an excellent product to have on hand. I have used it to make a BBQ sauce and also to enrich homemade stews and soups and it is also great because you don't need to refrigerate it.
I found this in a cookbook and it works very well for me: 6-oz can of tomato paste: 1/4 c. tomato powder, 1/4 c. hot water, 1/4 tsp. salt 8-oz can of tomato sauce: 1/4 c. powder, 1/2 cup hot water, 1/4 tsp. salt 14-16-oz can crushed tomatoes: 1/4 c. powder, 3/4 c. hot water, 1/4-1/2 tsp. salt 8 oz. tomato juice: 2-4 Tbsp powder, just under 1 cup hot water, 1/16-1/8 tsp. salt
If you keep the lid tightly closed the product stays in a powder. I like to fill a small container with the tomato powder to keep in the kitchen. If I don't use it for a while the powder in the small container gets hard but if I use it daily it doesn't. Because the quart is opened less often it hasn't gotten hard or even lumpy.
No, it doesn't. There is no "product of" information. If you are looking for Italian tomatoes, I am almost certain, they are not. The product packager is based in North Carolina.
Serving size (dry) is listed as one tablespoon salt is 1 percent calories are 86 it is high in vitamin A 56%and C 55 % and has a small amount of Calcium5% and Iron 8% based on 2000 calorie diet. I still have some left from the Gallon I got and it is still good after almost 2 years
We do not currently have a powdered sampler but one could be in the making currently.
No
Warm or hot water I usually put them in with the soup or cup o noodles
It does not say on their website either. Your best bet would be to contact the company directly at service@harmonyhousefoods.com.
The container does not say!!
Yes. When you hydrate them, they swell up a lot. It should be far more than you need.
I don't believe it does.
America
The label does not state it specifically, but says the ingredients are dehydrated shitake mushrooms and below that says: 81 Industrial park Rd, Franklin, NC 28734, www.HarmonyHouseFoods.com. Hope this helps. P.s. This product has been great to have in the cupboard to add to dishes, as I don't always have access to fresh mushrooms. These are mushroom pieces. Very pleased with this product!
For this price you can virtually guarantee them to be from China.
yes that is what it had in my pouches
Yes, the information booklet I received mentioned they were good for backpacking. The packets serve about two meals. I have been cooking with them for a few weeks, but have not used them over a fire. They do have individual purchases rather than an entire set if you are looking for something more specific. Hope this helps.
About to full size. It depends on what you're cooking or soaking. If bits are chopped small, then you would have to imagine the real thing chopped small and it would re-hydrate to about full size. When you order, they send you a sheet of equivalents to use so you know how much of the dried to use to make the regular amount in a recipe. I hope this helps. I'm still loving all this stuff!
I believe it means that the foods is dehydrated before it's cooked. For example, the carrots are raw carrots rather than cooked carrots...you will cook most of these items before you eat them.
For the vegetable sampler: We never hide our dehydrated vegetables in cans or colored bags. You deserve the opportunity to see what you're actually buying! The Vegetable Sampler contains our exclusive ZIP Pouch size (1 cup) of the following 15 premium vegetables: Broccoli Flowerets, Green Cabbage, Diced Carrots, Sliced Celery, Whole Sweet Corn, Green Beans, Jalapeno Dices, Tangy Green & White Leeks, Chopped White Onions, Green Sweet Peas, Red & Green Bell Pepper Mix, Diced Potatoes, Spinach Flakes, Tomato Dices, and Tomato Powder. For the backpacking kit: Ingredients Dehydrated Carrots (2), Diced Potatoes (2), Green Peas (2), Tomato Dices, Sweet Celery, Cut Green Beans, Sweet Corn, Green Cabbage, Mixed Red & Green Peppers, Chopped Onions, Black Beans, Northern Beans, Lentils, Red Beans, Pinto Beans.
Their site says that the corn, soybeans, celery, peas, and mushrooms are freeze dried. Their fruits are freeze dried. Everything else is dehydrated. www.harmonyhousefoods.com
Question makes no sense.
Dried fruits and vegetables generally will last up to one year when stored in a dry environment.
I'm not sure I understand the question. In each packet there is a vegetable. Nothing else. I just ordered the vegetable sampler and haven't opened the box yet. But, I have used the veggies from the Backpacking kit they sell. Everything has been excellent. It's quick to use. I just love this stuff. It takes minutes to re-hydrate, I can throw some extra in anything I am cooking or use it straight up in place of a vegetable. I've ordered the fruit sampler, too. And, I've ordered the beans. Everything is just great. I don't have to worry about rotting veggies in the fridge any longer now. I don't have to worry about running to the store all the time -- 40 miles for me. I am truly a happy Harmony House customer! Here is what they say about the packets of food. We never hide our dehydrated vegetables in cans or colored bags. You deserve the opportunity to see what you're actually buying! The Vegetable Sampler contains our exclusive ZIP Pouch size (1 cup) of the following 15 premium vegetables: Broccoli Flowerets, Green Cabbage, Diced Carrots, Sliced Celery, Whole Sweet Corn, Green Beans, Jalapeno Dices, Tangy Green & White Leeks, Chopped White Onions, Green Sweet Peas, Red & Green Bell Pepper Mix, Diced Potatoes, Spinach Flakes, Tomato Dices, and Tomato Powder. Try 'em all the easy way by ordering this sampler!
The list of veg is on Amazon.
The tomatoes have been good for a year after purchase. I've extended the quality of other dried food by putting them in the freezer.
Not specifically, but I don't think they are as they're very much like my home dried. I've ordered from this company directly and they're very green minded. Even the shipping beans dissolve instantly in water and their whole orientation is vegan. Everything has been of very high quality.
Hello, no they are not in oil. They are dehydrated and dry. When used in soups, stews, etc., they will absorb the liquid and become softer.
They are great cooked - but I would not use them in a salad.
hmmmm My back label says "Directions: Mix 1 part vegetables with 5 parts water and simmer until done".
Harmony House Dehydrated Vegetable Soup Ingredients: Carrots, Onion, Tomatoes, Peas, Celery, Green Bell Peppers, Green Beans, & Parsley.
I read the bottle, there is nothing on the label to indicate that the veggies are. I believe Harmony House does deal with organic foods; their website may say more. I'll give the advice to sort the portions before rehydrating; there may be stems in the mix. Not many, but one or two and a moisture packet to keep mold from growing.
Hi Eduardo. I did a review on this product. It's pretty detailed. However, I can help u I think. U can reconstitute these flakes in water or a liquid of your choice to soften them. You can use them straight from the jar in whatever food your cooking as long as there's some liquid for steam or softening. You can also grind these in a grinder to make evn smaller & easier digestible & even open up more of the flavors. I use the grinds as meat ( chicken, beef, pork, fish etc.) rub. I use this with other dry ingredients to rub on & season meats & other foods. U can also use the grounded flakes ( which is almost a dense powder ) to add to healthy smoothies if that's your thing. It's very versatile. If u want to just eat them as is, u probably should soften them first in liquid. U would put them in a bowl & cover with liquid & let them sit like that for about 20 minutes or so. Times depends on how quickly they soften up. Or however soft u want them. So, your answer is defined above but shorter is reconstitute before use unless you're going to add them directly to a recipe. I think you'll really like the convenience of this mix. It's a good find. I highly recommend it. I hope this helps u some.
Yes, that would work. I have used this in soups , rice, and vegi dip.
IN my experience, the mix is fairly even, but random chance can throw that off, also the heavier bits will tend to shake out first. The last of the bottle will be mostly bits of unidentifiable green stuff. That happens with all of the dried vegetable mix products, so no slam on Harmony House. I'll buy it again.
I would say yes, although most of the veggies I would describe as chunky ( they're not that thin sliced or diced) and peas are whole, remember hydration is key for this product... Very tasty and satisfying!
No salt. just dried vegetables.
1/4 cup
The onions in this mix are regular white onions.
Oh no, far from stale. Very soft and powdery to say the least. We began to enjoy them but, they were just too sweet so, we gave them to the godchildren and sat back for a good laugh!
Lemon,rose and mint.Not sure about the mint but I think so. Plus it had pistachios.
One will be more than enough, there's at least 40 pieces that are so big you can split them and they're still generous. Although it's so good you may wish you bought two.
"ingredients: sugar, corn starch, water, pistachio, almond, hazelnut, nature identical rose, lemon and menthe flavours, vanillin, acidity regulator"
Depends on how many each person takes. If they take two a piece then this size will serve approximately 8 people with a couple small piece for children normally!
Sorry, but I can't find the answer to your question anywhere. There is no info on the bag either. I have to say that I've been baking for about 25 yrs. and this flour is excellent. I only use Acqua Panna water bottled in Tuscany and I refrigerate the dough for days and even as long as a week before making bread or pizza. The results are an extraordinarily light crisp texture for the crust and light airy interior crumb. Hope this answer may help you in some way. Jay F.
207 thin crust pizzas. I make a 12" personal pizza that uses 200 grams of dough. That is 7 ounces of dough. I use 120 grams of flour to make this amount of dough, that's 4.233 ounces. 55 pounds is 880 ounces, so 880 ounces/4.233 ounces is 207.8 pizzas.
An Amazon, there could be multiple vendors of the same product and they might be charging different shipping rates. Also, your location may affect the rates as well. You may want to see which vendors provide the lowest price on the product + shipping, but make sure that you also factor in service when you choose which to buy from.
I have used the Red and Blue bag for pizza. Both produced very good results, but I lean towards Blue for pizza. It produced a crust with a lil bit more air. The first time I made pies on my BGE, I used red and baked them at 550-600. With the blue, the same temp was not enough as the crust was white and had no spring. I bumped it up to 800, and the dough sprung up once it hit the pizza stone and had perfect color. What are you using to bake your pies?
This was shipped the middle of October 2012. I don't know the exact milling date but remember that it was very fresh. It's wonderful flour. I have a Ciabatta in the oven at the moment...
Ours is very minty, and leaves were very green. I used mine primarily as fillings for aroma eye mask refills. The mint is actually a bit too intense, I cut the refill with flax seed and some other dried herbs. My first batch was about 2/3 mint leaves but it actually leaves your skin tingling which surprised me because the leaves are dry and the eye mask casing is made of silk which prevents any mint from directly touching the skin. Not sure what you are using it for but it's definitely strong.
Dried
I don't see why not. The difference between fresh/dried peppermint is that the fresh is a bit stronger, and the dried is easier to store (IMO). This makes a wonderful tea, I don't see why it wouldn't work well in an infusion.
It depends on when you order and where you live. Will the tea be shipped to the United States or Canada. Orders placed before 12pm PST usually ship on the same business day. Orders placed after 12PM PST will ship on the next business day, Monday through Friday. Shipping usually takes 2-3 business days after the order has shipped.
I would think you could grind it further but you might want to look for Peppermint oil. We used this peppermint in our smoothies, cooking, etc. Hope this helped. Even just grabbed some to freshen breath after brushing. Vibrant flavor
I don't know..good question.
mine had a ziplock type opening, so I just re-seal it in the bag.
It will be more of a pale brown color when making simple syrup and slightly color the lemonade depending on how much u put in.
around 14 cups in 1 pound of bag
The origin of the lavender is France.
Very few stems. They are dried but not crunchy. Very aromatic and fresh.
I used this for my baby shower which was in July and the sachets I kept are still just as fresh smelling as when I made them. I think as long as you keep them in a cool dry place, they should last several years.
This product contains dried lavender buds, not powder, and is lavender in color.
I haven't opened my bag of Starwest Lavender for I have some other that I wanted to use first. Depending on the size of sachet your making and how full you want it to be. I made 6 x 6 inch sachets and filled them nice and full. For this size I would say at least six (perhaps more), but again I haven't used this particular bag. Hope this is helpful. Linda
The lavender flowers seem to be very "pure", but with any herbal product to be used for cooking, you should make sure there aren't any extraneous sticks or grassy materials before you add them to your recipe. These are so fragrant that you will find them very useful for many aromatherapy uses such as sachets and pot pourrie. I did add some of the lavender to my home made version of herbs de provence (found the recipe online) and so far have enjoyed using the herbal mixture to season meats of all types. Enjoy!
Starwest's organic French lavender is very fragrant, but not overpoweringly fragrant. I have used them to make laundry dryer sachets and smaller sachets for drawers, under the pillow, or wherever you want a light fragrance. I even had men buying them for their cars! Fragrance lasts a long time.
I love Starwest's products. I use them in my teas for my tea company: www.etsy.com/shop/phteacompany As far as I know, they are 100% certified organic with no additives or fillers and I believe they are non gmo. Here is their organic certification: http://www.starwest-botanicals.com/msds/SW-Organic-Certificate.pdf
I have found working with this glue my repair work was quick and easy,there is very little time when it is applied and when it sets, dries transparent and is easy to sand, no blotches.
My research shows it's about 256; a medium strength. Found it on the Stewart Mac website.
I'm not sure what you mean by "crackle finished"? Are you speaking of painted crackle effects or something involving heat? I would think any superficial treatment of paints and resists would not matter that the glass was tempered or not? If you are speaking of cracking the glass, as in fried marbles, then I would think not?
About 30. I had an open bag with 23 left and probably ate ~7. Hope that helps.
Prince of Peace Ent, Inc is the distributor. They can be reached at 1-800-732-2328. The product is manufactured in Indonesia.
Ingredients: Sucrose, Ginger and Tapioca Starch.
Based on my experience absolutely! It's not overly sweet and has a natural strong fresh ginger taste, hope this helps!
Not sure on the calories but they taste so good. Has a bit of a bite and spice to them. Really good!!!
No they are not covered with chocolate
They are unbleached paper, no wax or chlorine. I hope they are biodegradable, because I am putting used bags in my compost pine. :)
I get them through subscribe and save and they cost me $3.11 per box of 48 on my last order. Right now they are marked as out of stock through Amazon.
No, these bags just fold shut. Since there is no air-tight seal or actual closure, I would not recommend using these bags to freeze food.
Brown, like paper grocery bags. Not so thick, though.
You could put the cooked meat into the bags to soak up some of the grease, if you don't have any paper towels. You could crumple up a bag to get the grill started. That's all that comes to mind when thinking of paper bag & grill. Well, 'fire insurance & fire extinguisher' also come to mind.
The If You Care paper snack and sandwich bags that I purchased says that it is product of Sweden distributed by Source AtLantitque. If You Care has a website www.ifyoucare.com. Hope this helps!
I'm not sure - I've never cooked anything in a bag. My guess is that it would burn - it is an uncoated thin paper bag, but I really don't know. Sorry not to be of more help!!
I haven't opened the box yet, but it appears to be the usual sandwich bag size.
Movie theater popcorn is fine if you don't have them add the butter/fake butter. The oil used for popping it isn't too bad. It only takes about 2 tablespoons of oil to pop a huge amount of popcorn, you might easily add 3 or 4 times that much butter adding it afterwards from the dispenser machine.
Yes. Add it to the oil before the corn. Then fake liquid butter after. Yummy.
Coconut oil definitely makes the popcorn taste like old school movie theater popcorn! I don't think this is any different than other Coconut Oils I've used but if you've been using veg. oil or canola or other oils you'll absolutely tell a difference from the first time it starts heating up. Also if you haven't used Coconut oil in the past you may be surprised to find that it is quite solid (like a stick of butter) when it's below 70 degrees... it doesn't mean it's bad, just the way it is.
No. It's just coconut oil and beta carotene (for color). If you want "butter" flavor try searching Flavacol. I use the snappy coconut oil and the Flavacol and it tastes (and looks) just like movie theater popcorn.
No
1 table spoon of oil per half cup of popcorn.
Yes it is, but you might want to use the kind that doesn't have beta carotene in it because the beta carotene will add a golden hue to whatever you cook. Try Snappy Popcorn 1 Gallon White Coconut Oil, it costs about the same and only contains coconut oil. Don't worry about storage, it doesn't need refrigeration and is all natural.
The expiration is dated roughly a year after you purchased, or at least after its packaged. We got ours in February and have used about 1/3 of the tub. I would keep it in a closet or cabinet that is relatively cool. Ours keeps fine in our cool, finished, basement. It's a huge tub, so it's most worth your money if you make popcorn a lot.
That would depend upon how much you're making. I use about a tablespoon of oil for 1/4 cup of yellow popcorn, and there'll still be some left in the bottom of the pan when cool. I've found using a covered stainless steel pan on the stove top is easier to clean afterward than either of my poppers. The Snappy adds great flavor without the need for butter, which I rarely use anyway.
Coconut oil is the only saturated oil that lowers your bad triglycerides. You can use it 1:1 for butter in products that are heated above 100F and for low temp frying. About the same temp as you would use olive oil for a far lower price. I like to put on hot veggies and potatoes like butter. It does not have any salt like most butter or margarine products so you might have to adjust for your taste.
Dear Ms. Ziegler, I do not know where the link is that would sell you the five (5) OG Latte for the $103.00 however I will be glad to place this order for you. I do have in stock ready to ship out tomorrow. Thank you for your question and if you fin someone other than I to sell you the product, just enjoy the Latte. ABSOLUTE IT SALES
There is 20 sacks in a box
The key ingredients in our latte and All of our products is ganoderma lucidum . This also has non-dairy creamer included as well.
I believe I remember reading there was 90 mg of caffeine in each pack. I have had two packets in one day and still sleep good at night. hope this helps
I could not find any expiration date on the most recent package
Sorry, I don't know but I am sure it's high!!
I ship to any address that either USPS or FEDEX ships to.
Pour entire or partial contents of the packet in a cup along with boiling hot water and stir. It contains a large amount of sugar, but it does not taste very sweet.
I did received 2, but I ordered two. There could have been a mistake on your order. The price was great!
1 box has 30 sackets. For the price it seems that is one box that is for sale. I will suggest for you to contact the seller to clarify your question, just to make sure.
Yes it is and it's delicious ;0)
Around 6-8 ounces
11/2015
Yes it did. It also had samples.
My box of Organo Gold was Manufactured 10/2013, expiration date is 10/2016.
We've been drinking it for two years. They are all individually packed and sealed. Unless they are punctured I think they have a pretty long shelf life.
I drink only decaf coffee and I've never had a "caffeine" reaction to Organo Gold. Caffine is not listed on the label.
It is the same as Kosher. Basically it is excepted. They don't have FDA so there is Kosher or Halal in other countries. The reason it states Malaysia is because that is where they grow the Ganoderma. I am not a sales person just a drinker of the coffee. My wife and I did research and seems legit.
I don't know for sure about 1 cup, but my daughter in law drinks one cup and goes on a cleaning binge so I suspect there is a lot. Sorry Sweetpea
I would assume just what the description says-- India. besides the title, the packaging only says 'packaged in Houston'
I've had mine for a while, so it may not be a good indicator... No oily feeling when I squeezed a couple cloves. Though, they are still very aromatic.
Around two cups.
They are whole. There may be a few broken pieces, most are whole
I used them for a craft. You can push them into an orange in a pattern for a pretty and wonderful smelling decoration that lasts for several weeks. Try this link for recipes: http://allrecipes.com/recipes/ingredients/herbs-and-spices/spices/cloves/
Yes you can freeze it to use for at least 3-6 months. It can last up to 2 weeks in the refrigerating in wrapped in white paper towels.
Yes, but not USDA certified
Tumeric root. The one that I had ordered was also fresh and kept well over a month in my refridgerator.
It only took a short time, week(s) for the sprouts to get established. Then I planted in pots, and the first shoot came up Right Away.
Yes, yes it is
Hi Tim, Thank you for your question. We only deliver free in USA. Our shipping rate depend on where the package is traveling. I hope this helps Regards Nine Shani LLC
Mine grew quite nicely. You will need to make sure that the soil is well over 50 degrees Fahrenheit when you plant. Water well. They do not like bright direct sunlight. I keep mine on the front porch in diffused sunlight in a large pot The majority of the pound that I planted, grew. It is very similar to ginger for the upkeep.
It not fresh it is dried turmeric with skin on
Yes
In the USA it must be grown organic by you for you to state you're selling organic produce. Organic produce certification in foreign countries is beyond my realm of knowledge; I suggest you ask the seller or do further independent research online. Have a great day! :)
It's the correct product. Although, it's cheaper at SuperSupplements.com - http://www.supersup.com/bragg-liquid-aminos-1-gal-liquid-074305001284?utm_source=google&utm_medium=pla&utm_campaign=Bragg&utm_content=074305001284&mr:trackingCode=C4305D5B-75FB-E111-8AE9-001517B1882A&mr:referralID=NA&mr:device=m&mr:adType=pla&mr:ad=27456996402&mr:keyword=&mr:match=&mr:filter=39371637070&gclid=CNnQ27S86rwCFdJ9OgodymsA7A
310mg protein per 2.5mL. This product is referring to amino acid protein as in soy DNA, not a protein booster like for working out. Essentially this is an all natural no salt added soy sauce w/a wonderful flavor.
It's lower sodium than normal soy sauce and it has amino acids added to it. So it's quite a bit better for you than conventional soy sauce
No refrigeration needed as stated on the bottle
No, it is made in the USA.
Xylitol should NOT be used for LEAVENED products using yeast because it affects the ability of the bacterial yeast to consume sugars and secrete the gases which cause the dough to rise. If you bake LEAVENED breads by substituting xylitol for sugar, they will not rise properly, especially if there are no other sugar sources for the bacterial yeast to feed on. These effects may be less noticeable in biscuits (US "cookies"), piadine, breads made with sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) and the like, as these do not depend as heavily on yeast action to raise the dough. This is the same property that makes xylitol healthier for teeth; the bacteria on teeth cannot consume the xylitol and so do not secrete the plaque which breaks down the tooth enamel and causes cavities ("holes" in the tooth enamel).
Same 1 for one. It's all we use now.
It says "Product of USA" on the label of the one I have. If it's kosher, I can't imagine it being made in China.
Yes because there are no GMO birch trees! This is why so many people like this brand. Now days Xylitol is made from corn & unless corn says it's organic or non-GMO Project Certified, you've got a 90-99% chance of the corn being GMO, that is if you're in America.
i think it is, its made from birch trees, not wheat or corn
I believe so since it is made from birch and not corn.
In my experience it is 1:1. I've read that in several articles as well. Kathryn
One teaspoon of xylitol has 9.5 calories. Sugar has 15. Xylitol however has 0 net effective carbohydrates, which make it safe for diabetics.
Yes, once it's heated a bit, it will dissolve and become part of whatever you're creating. Please forward any great discovered recipes!!!
Maltodextrin, buttermilk, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, modified whey, xanthan gum, lactic acid, citric acid, calcium lactate, disodium inosinate, silicon dioxide, spices. 5 calories per tsp 5% sodium 4% iron. Nothing else shows for nutritional info.
Hi... Mix 3 Tablespoons powder to 1 cup of milk and 1 cup of mayonnaise. Mix well. Refrigerate until chilled and thick. It is very good.Enjoy
You can use plain milk, but the flavor won't be the same. You might be able to come closer to the original taste by adding a few drops of lemon juice to "sour" the milk.
No. Ingredients in order: Maltodextrin, Buttermilk, salt, garlic powder, onion powder, food starch-modified, whey, xanthan gum, lactic acid, citric acid, spices, calcium lactate, disodium inosinate, spice extractives, less than 2% silicon dioxide added to prevent caking. It is really good too. I use it to marinade beef jerky. It turns out really good. My daughter loves it. It's also good to sprinkle on a baked potato, potato salad, or tuna salad. I just sprinkle the powder on dry.
hello... there are 15 sachets per box, just like the hot chocolate/cocoa; and entire sachet should be used in one mug of about 6 to 8 oz of water, depending on how 'strong' you like. cheers...
125 calories
The Box says "Sugar" -- Full ingredients include Non dairy creamer, Sugar, Coffee, Skim Milk Powder, Coco Powder, Organic Ganoderma. I enjoyed the Latte much better. Hope this helps.
It is very good I drink it every day and cannot be without it.
I really like it...i brew regular coffee and add a packet of the oragao for flavor and an extra boost of caffine.
Yes.
You can read all about the products and the company at OrganoGold.com....It is an awesome product! One can buy spore capsules and use half in ANY drink of choice..the spores one 90 caps per bottle, so if you use 1/2 cap in 1 cup of coffee or tea, you have several months supply. Much less expensive that way...I love and use Nescaf Cafe de Olla instant coffee with 1/2 cap spores, milk and sugar, and a dash of good organic cinnamon from Amazon. Delicious!! I believe the ganoderma Lucidum is harvested inHawaii now every 30 days and the products are distributed globally. The mushrooms are grown in China now Hawaii. 100% certified organic and pure...no fillers, binders etc.
It is manufactured in Malasya but the headquarters are in Canada. In US they have plenty of wherehouses
I purchased this box. It's beautiful and I love it, but I'm not positive what type of wood it is. I went to the Stash main website and found one that is similar. The only difference is the oval gold Stash logo inside the lid is rectangular instead. That description says it is Mahogany. Here is the website so you can compare it yourself and see what you think: http://www.stashtea.com/Stash-Tea-Signature-Chest/dp/B006E9S1I4?class=quickView&field_availability=-1&field_browse=2861445011&id=Stash+Tea+Signature+Chest&ie=UTF8&refinementHistory=subjectbin%2Cprice%2Csize_name%2Ccolor_map&searchNodeID=2861445011&searchPage=1&searchRank=salesrank&searchSize=12
It's empty
Yes, the lid stays up as the hinges are very firm and well attached to the case. And it really looks very classy when you set it out for company. It also seals very firm. I've noticed some people said they had trouble flipping up the closure hinge, but that's good to keep the tea fresh. This is one of my five favorite things I've bought off of Amazon.
Sorry I never had a problem it just opens Very easily return and get another love mine so organized now
2.5 inches x 4.5 inches
Closest to a medium cherry. Essentially no grain pattern.
12 inches x 9 1/2 x just a little over 3 deep. It's a beautiful piece. We love it and have had many compliments.
12 inches back to front, 9.5 inches side to side and three inches tall. I love it. Very pretty finish and I sit a pod coffee spinner rack on top. My drinks area on my side bar is more polished looking then a bunch of card board boxes stacked up.
Chamomile normally do not contain caffeine so if it is pure 100% chamomile I would think not.
According to Stash Tea, the ingredients are chamomile, spearmint, lotus leaves, natural lotus flavor. Nothing about Valerian. However, it's not to say it was just not listed?
I bought Stash Chamomile. Its good. Rich Flavor and Aroma. If you enjoy Chamomile then its a good choice but in my opinion the Organic Stash Chamomile is better. Just taste better. Might be a few more bucks but well worth it if you really enjoy tea. Hope this helps!
no! This one was Lemon ginger tea. Stash does have chamomile. Not sure if the Lemon Ginger has that in the combination or not but I don't think it does.
the watermelon is the baby blue colored one, dont think you need to worry since its artificial flavoring. the bag comes with a guide on the back that tells you which is which. hope that helps.
I have the bag in front of me and here's what it says: Corn syrup, sugar, gelatin, citric acid, sorbitol, natural and artificial flavors, pectin, FD&C Yellow #5, yellow #6, Blue #1, Red #40, Vegetable Oil (Coconut), and carnauba wax (used for antisticking).
never lasted that long to store em long. but they did stay fresh for five-six days in the pantry
it is a 5/lb bag for 15.29.
If you were to place an order today, it would ship within 24 hours. We ship via USPS Priority Mail which is 2-3 business days.
When I purchased it, it was a 5lb bag.
They're definitely GF. I eat only GF and I like these and the snicker doodles. They're crunchy but good with icing : ) I'm not vegan so I'm not sure but here is the ingredient list verbatim: cane sugar, rice flour, yellow corn flour, palm oil, brown rice flour, corn starch, organic tapioca starch, soy flour, organic tapioca syrup, cocoa, natural chocolate and vanilla flavors, salt, baking soda, soy lecithin, xantham gum. Contains soy ingredients. Made in a peanut-free and tree but free facility. Also notes: no artificial flavors, synthetic colors or preservatives. "We work with trusted suppliers to source only non-GMO ingredients. HTH
As soon as 2 years old. My granddaughter starting eating them when she had enough teeth to chew.
from their website:cane sugar, rice flour, yellow corn flour*, palm oil, brown rice flour, corn starch*, soy flour*, organic tapioca starch, organic tapioca syrup, cocoa, natural chocolate and vanilla flavors, salt, baking soda, soy lecithin*, xanthan gum. *grown and processed without gmo's contains soy ingredients. made in a peanut-free and tree nut-free facility.
Yes.
I am not seeing it on the box or in the ingredients. It does contain milk, soy and tree nuts. It has cocoa powder. That might naturally have caffeine but not positive.
This is delicious hot chocolate, not coffee!
This product tasted so bad I tried it once and trashed it. It had to been the worst I have ever had my entire 60 years alive.
It is 10 g. carbs and 70 cals. for the milk chocolate and 11.0 carbs. and 60 cals. in the dark - it is yummy though
Sorry, don't know. I don't have any of these pods left (burp!) and can't find any around the office either.
Sugar, alkalized cocoa powder, creamer (hydrogenated coconut oil, glucose syrup, sodium caseinate (from milk), sodium polyphosphate, dipotassium phosphate, sodium stearoyl-2-lactylate, silicon dioxide), maltodextrin, salt, silicon dioxide, natural and artificial flavor, sucralose.
Kirkland is Costco's house brand, so if you have a membership you can likely find any Kirkland product in the warehouse store or at Costco.com for significant savings (My membership pays for itself year after year!)
Present container, from last month (Jan), gives Oct of 2015 as the "Best by" date. They don't sit around long, at my house; but I put some out in a sealed container, and store jar in fridge, anyway.
I have no idea. They are a product of Costco and are packed in the US but it doesn't say where they get them.
No, no peanuts
If you are asking about the price I paid for ($14.99) to the current price of ($24.99) than there aren't any differences, it's the same product just from different sellers on Amazon. I got mines directly from Amazon. But there are a lot of different sellers on Amazon and they sell it for a higher price even if it's fulfilled by Amazon. I also see Amazon have another different picture of extra fancy mixed nuts (with macadamia nuts) that's an older picture. Currently they are the same product. Cause the ones I bought also have macadamia nuts w/o the yellow label. If you have a Costco card and live near it, better just go there and buy it cause you can see the best by date and know if it's been there for too long or not. The ones I bought from Amazon was stale, been in their warehouse for too long. Hope that helps.
They are lightly salted and just right for our family.
It doesn't state one way or the other.
I do not know if they are roasted or not, they are good and they have been very lightly salted. I have ordered at least 12 times and find them very enjoyable.
They are roasted (not dry roasted or raw.)
I saw these at costco yesterday, they sell for $15.39. I got a couple of them here from amazon with prime and mom discounts for $11.99 each. But as to why they are so extraordinarily expensive here, well just look at how much commission amazon takes to sell here. Fulfillment by amazon is quite pricey too.
Hi there - the bears are the minis. There's approx 8-9 bears in each little individual packet. They're the same ones we had at Halloween & I've been unable to find in the stores since. Hope the info was helpful :)
Turkey, I just checked my box.
I'm sure the date changes. The ones I received were fresh and soft and stayed good for at least 2 months. They were fun to keep on my desk at work, throw in my purse for mini snacks and in lunches for extra treats. We liked them.
6x6x4
There is no pork in the Haribo Gold-Bears..
Yes!
yes..gluten free and lactose free...no nuts. Best gummi bears and I have tried them all.
Thank you for asking. I brought them to the office and they are long gone. The now-empty container does not have that information. Not only were the packages mini, but the bears were mini too. Fun. Hopefully you can find the info from someone who still has a bag on hand.
each little bag is about 3" x 2 1/4" and weighs about 12 grams, usually about 10 gummi bears.
Yes.
I got a box in early December, around the first week. The box is stamped March 2, 2015. I think that you get 3 months to consume the product. It does say that no refrigeration is needed. I have bought this product for a number of years without any problem. I hope that this helps.
Mine had a 2 yr expiration date
The expiration is August 13,2013. When we ordered did not realize it would be such a short life. Rec'd them approx. the end of May.
Right off the box: half & half, sodium citrate, datem, tetra sodium pyrophosphate, carrageenan. Contains: milk.
I am not selling them. I purchased some last May and they were marked the end of Aug. they lasted a little longer till Oct. Hope this helps.
We have used all ours...but we had them several months...no refrigeration and we ordered two boxes...had over 300 of them. We did not have one single leak...and none were spoiled...all good! So they are very well processed and sealed.
100% organic coconut, nothing else added
Not sure what would make it "butter" but it's just a spread from pure coconut pulp. You have to warm it toale it more spreadable.
yes,it says so,certified raw.
One
Is the coconut spread "whippable"? I wouldn't think so. Can it be added to cream and then whipped? I haven't tried it, but again - I wouldn't think so.
http://www.kodiakcakes.com/product-information-nutrition-facts/
When we try to make them too thick or too big, they don't cook through. Keep them thin and small and they will be delicious.
I don't know. I have had a box for a year or so and it was just as good as when it was new.
They are all 5 star because it is the best pancake mix out there.
Each box will easily last close to a year.
There is 360mg per serving.
There is no indication on the box that it is kosher. You might want to visit their website, ww.kodiakcakes.com.
It's the best mix I ever had. Sent boxes to my friends. That all love it. I buy it with pleasure
As of October 2013, all cocoa plants are produced without genetic modification (http://truth-out.org/news/item/15323-the-future-of-chocolate). This could change in the future, of course, but for now the cocoa itself in chocolate bars is safe (but for peace of mind you may want to buy ethically grown and organic cocoa products). The other ingredients in most chocolate bars, however, may be GMO (and probably are if they contain sugar, soy lecithin and/or dairy). This product is not organic but it also does not have any of the ingredients that are most likely GMO, so it is safe. The top most likely GMO ingredients include - soy, sugar beets (if a label says "sugar" but not "cane sugar" it is probably made from sugar beets and GMO), corn, canola, alfalfa and papaya. These ingredients are in most of our processed foods, are fed to all of our factory farm raised animals. If you buy non-organic food, and animal products not from grass fed, free range, humanely raised animals, beware! GMOs are in your diet and you are part of a big science experiment without your consent. I believe our food should be labeled if there are GMO ingredients so that we can choose whether or not we want to be subjected to "frankenfood".
There are no hidden ingredients. The full ingredients are Chocolate Liquor (Cocoa + Cocoa Butter), Stevia, Pure Vanilla Extract.
I don't think so, but to be safe (especially if you have a peanut allergy), I recommend contacting the company.
260 calories, it is written in the add.
Don't know, but I thought the candy was tasteless.
12 grams, it is written in the add.
This chocolate is disgusting
I believe each bar weighs 2 oz. the total wt is 1#. I think it is a great price!
Cocoa naturally has fiber in it.
My guess would be the chocolate as it is a bean
hey there patrick, not being funny but what you see is what you get!!! if memory serves me correctly, there is no grape..you get licorice, orange, fruit (strawberry, cherry) lime and the yellow really doesn't taste like anything. so basically the colors are the flavors you are getting..hope this helps you..peace
flavors are typical fruit flavors...The bean count per pound is unknown and not important to me.. I can say beans are above average size compared to jelly belly. You wont be disappointed
I assume so. No nuts and no peanuts. Just jelly beans and perfect for my party
yes they freeze quite well and are fresh when thawed.
Yes
Yes, they are individually wrapped.
Mine were.
No idea but it is a lot. Hundreds of pieces.
The Pearson company
I'm not sure but it's been fresh when I received it so I don't think it's any different from any other candy.
They expand a lot. Don't over lap them or lay crosswise.
Hydration/expansion.
If stored in a cool dry place and not opened, I have heard that dried lasagna and other pasta can be good for a year or two. Hope that helps.
+Yes.
Aprox 7" X 3.75 "
right out of the package - no cooking of the noodles is needed. the package gives step by step instructions as well
Yes. I only got one to review, but it was enough to make me a believer.
I no longer have this product but I remember it said "fair trade" on the label. Googling the Injoy company would give you more info.
I believe the can says you cad di it either way although with some sort of milk (lactose free or cow's) you'd have to make it in a saucepan.
No, I didn't taste anything but a very pleasant dark chocolate flavor. I actually added a bit of coconut milk and the hot chocolate was delicious. In my opinion no particular flavor is noticed other than chocolate, which is what the product is supposed to taste like. Enjoy!
http://www.injoynow.com/cocoabenefits.html
It's Stevia
No corn oil. It states: *Our own Recipe* Organic Dark Chocolate, organic licorice root, organic GMO free erythritol, stevia extract, xanthum gum.
None. The only fat comes from the chocolate.
I have bought several different brands and they are all the same size. If they fit the coffee maker, they fit this handy carousel.
My reusable k-cup fits in the carousel, and after looking at a photo of the eco-brew reusable k-cup, I would say, yes, as the "k-cup" is designed for the Keurig machine. Hope this helps you.
For some strange reason the black one is being sold as a pair (X2). Even at that, it is at a higher price than the red one. Why? I don't know, ask Amazon.
yes & it is cute too! Sturdy frame not wirey.
Black metal...it is nice.
I use mine all of the time for the K cups - single serving. I'm not familiar with the mini Keurig.
Sodium in chocolate 260mg.
Cholesterol is needed to make hormones. Without it we would not produce estrogen, progesterone or testosterone. It is vital for the functioning of nerve synapses and provides the structural integrity for our cell membranes. Cholesterol is used by the skin to help prevent water evaporation and to make our skin waterproof. Vitamin D is synthesized from cholesterol. And bile, used for fat digestion, consists mostly of cholesterol. The liver produces about 90 percent of the cholesterol in our bodies; only 10 percent comes from diet. If we eat too much cholesterol, the liver decreases the output of cholesterol. Cholesterol is a naturally occurring lipid. This means it is a type of fat or oil and it is in fact an essential component in creating and sustaining the membranes of the cells of all bodily tissues. So this alone means we need cholesterol to survive! Most of the cholesterol that is found in our bodies is actually naturally manufactured within our own cells. However there is also an additional contribution that we get from external 'nutritional' sources - the foods we consume. In a typical diet providing around 400mg of cholesterol per day from food sources, about half to two-thirds of this amount is actually absorbed through the process of digestion. The body will normally secrete about a gram (1000mg) of cholesterol per day into the bile via the ducts, and approximately three-fifths of this is then re-absorbed. There is a lot of controversy whether or not there really is good and bad cholesterol. Most of this was copied from an article I read from preventdisease.com
Hi Ethan, I always keeps mind in the refrigerator. I live in the desert and with the heat I don't like to test it if I leave it out. I drink it within a couple of weeks, so don't worry about shelf life. It's a great product and wouldn't do without it. Hope this helps....Jean
No, try the Ensure Milk for 3 times a day then you will gain weight. This is not enuf carb to help you gain weight. However, the Flavor is pleasant and you can buy at RiteAid for a better price than here.
It doesn't say on them or the box. There is an allergen statement that says "Contains Milk". Also under ingredients it says "organic whey protein concentrate" as well as "organic grass fed milk protein concentrate."
Unless you will br doing chemical analysis, how can you tell the real amounts of heavy metals in any product?
If you mean the plain then yes. All of the flavored Orgains are great even the vegan. I avoid plain in any protein shake as it us just that "plain".
Yes. This product is milk based.
That's why I don't buy here as often. Very convenient though.
In my opinion, Orgain drinks work well. It helped me lose 10 lbs. After consuming one Orgain Vanilla drink I would drink two 16.9 oz of water and eat one apple. This combination would satisfy me for a couple of hours. I gradually reduced my calories and walked 30 min. a day. I am not a medical physician, so I strongly encourage you to check with your doctor or a nutritionist. I hope this helped.
HI Susan, our original Orgain shakes use an organic compliant, non-degraded form that comprises a trace (0.026%) amount of the product. Our new vegan shakes do not have carrageenan.
Hello, Increases in price are due to an increase from the manufacturer. Do you have the order number from the last time you ordered this product from us, so I can see what the cost was then. Thanks, Mark at Peters Select
Calories: 255 (60 from fat) Sugar: 12g Carbohydrates: 32g (read from the package I had in my lunch today)
Sorry ... just noticed you asked about chocolate. I gave you Vanilla Bean info. Chocolates are all gone. Sorry. The company does have that info on their website though ... www.drinkorgain.com.
The container has a liner that you have to cut through to get to the Orgain. The cap has plastic sharp edges protruding into the box to cut the liner when you open the container. Sometimes you have to push down a little harder on the cap when you twist it to open it.
The cap is the seal. The cap should be on tight it you should hear a snapping news when you are first opening the bottle. If you believe your product has been tampered. Don't drink it and contact Amazon and the seller for your return options.
Hi - yes, I can help because I asked that question directly to the company. Orgain changed the formula a little to remove the soy in particular. There was also some organic stevia added at that time. But the change wasn't that well received by some customers. They changed it again to reduce the stevia to almost nothing and improve the consistency back to what it was. I know that Chocolate Fudge flavor with November 2013 and on expiration dates are the improved (like it used to be) formula. I've had it and it's great again. Vitamin Shoppe has some and I'm told it will be back on Amazon very soon. Hope that helps.
According to the website's FAQ's, Orgain is 100% soy free.
No, not vegan and I don't think it was advertised as vegan.
Seemed to be OK to me - didn't know the formula changed / seems to be great to me...
Yes, they would be packed accordingly with ice packs so it doesn't melt. Thank You
According to the Hersheys Store - each 25 lb case contains "approximately 2000 kisses".
They are packaged in the large family size bags you would find on the shelves in the big box stores. I have purchased them twice over the past two years to use as prom favors here at school. They were delivered in February for distribution at a June event. All of the chocolates were fresh.
I bought these a year ago , so it may have changed but yes the one i received had all that info on it
Primarily it was red/orange and green/yellow. There were a few red/white ones in the package
About 50 to 100 or more pieces
It does contain gelatin but doesn't state the source. It doesn't however have any of the usual animal substitutes of seaweed or agar. I hope this helps.
I don't think so, we ordered the assorted ones for our son's 1st birthday.
Uhhh- don't know. They were super cute & just went into a gift bag. Never tasted them.
No expire date and they keep a very long time. I have kept them in a ziplock bag.
I don't think there was a label. They came wrapped individually in clear cellophane.
I think it is made in usa
Not sure. Sorry
The box I received said that they were made in the USA, if that helps you @Musicstore4you
1pk for 4L of water. Add beef of choice, grilled onion & a little fresh ginger into pot & boil. Skim scum for clear soup, add closed pack & cook over medium heat for 20 mins (to prevent pack from breaking). Remove closed packet
Yes
I dont think so,,,, i cant see it anywhere on the box
I believe it does. I was actually given a box by a Vietnamese friend, to help make Pho faster. It's best if it is added at the end of cooking your bones, onion, and ginger. However, if you are short on time you can use a store bought broth and add your charred ginger and onion, adding the spice pack for the last 15 minutes.
Yes I currently have some of the Torani pumps on some DaVinci bottles.
I ordered 4 of them, and all of them are the gold Torani pumps. The work perfectly in the Torani syrup bottles.
So far I have pumped about 4 bottles of Jordan's Skinny Syrup through mine and so far have not had to clean it. I had another pump a couple of years ago that needed cleaned and all I did was pump warm water through it, cleaned the nozzle right out and of course the rest of the pump too. pumped it dry a couple of times then put it back in syrup bottle and it worked fine.
Hmmm let's see. Product says it's for 750 ml bottles ... Hmmm Hmmm.
This pump works well the 750 ml DaVinci bottles.
You prime it by pumping several times. Hold a cup underneath. It is generally recommended to put it half way in, pump until primed, then put I the rest of the way and screw it on.
I used torani brand bottles. So I couldn't say for sure. If the screw top on the bottle is the same and the height is the same, you shouldn't have a problem. You may want to ask the seller.
Mine were the colour shown but I ordered them about 6 months ago so I can't say for sure that they haven't changed.
I don't know. I used them on the 750ml bottles.
It's right on target. The one thing to do is to CLEAN the pump. If you go awhile without using it, you're going to get less and it'll spray all over!
Yes they are raw and the texture can change. When it is put in water it becomes gel-like which is the way i like it. Other wise it is a crunchy type of seed
yes they are peanut free
Hello there. Upon review of the product label, there appears to be 28 1-tablespoon servings per package of this Spectrum Essentials Chia Seed. There are 4g of dietary fiber per serving, therefore it is just like "other brands" you have indicated, with 12g of fiber per 3 tbsp serving. We hope this helps!
It does not say. There are no preservatives.
Not sure if it's organic. I'm going to say no, but not 100% sure. Google it.
Hi, Almond powder has a Calories of 384. Thanks!
Yes it is
Hi, "Active Ingredients: Corn Syrup Solids, Hydrogenated Soybean Oil, Sodium Caseinate Dipotassium Phosphate, Mono and Di-Glycerides, Sodium Alumniosilicate, Sugar, Glucose, Almond Powder" Thanks!
Yes you can actually. I add it to my smoothies.
Hi Mapdit, Thanks so much for contacting us. We are delighted to help. It's made in Taiwan. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us. Thanks and have a wonderful day! -- Sincerely, Home of Coffee
Did you get an answer to this question? I have the same one.
yes I get 42 oz bag whole bean
columbian 100% arabica I've been drinking this coffee for years best ever when you grind it fresh each pot you brew.
I don't use the subscribe and save or this product, I usually order 2-3 bags at a time which is almost the same price as at Sam' Club. I can't buy this brand at our local stores.
I do not think it is...
My take on this is: certainly not dark; medium color and taste. Regards, AC
I was not pleased with these. . Dry and no real aroma. I like the Coffee Direct Italian Espresso.
arabica coffee and when you by the bean and grind them for each pot of cofffee you make there is no better tasting coffee.
Here is what it says on the bag, "The ORIGINAL" 'Our oldest and most iconic roast. From Latin America to East Africa. our Master Roasters carefully search the world for premium 100% Arabica beans. Medium roasted to deliver sweet and fruity notes with a well balanced finish.' Sorry about the 'Arabica' but that's all that is on the package.
I don't think so. I think it's half that amount.
Just opened an 11 oz bag which contained 14 fun size bars, so individually, they must be about 4/5 oz each. I'd expect to have 16 bars in a 12.5 oz bag.
You are correct.
there are about 15 or 16 bars per bag so maybe 9295 bars for 6 bags. This is only a close estimate.
About 30-40
Yes you would taste it
Depends on how much ice cream. I would start with 1/2 tsp. and then increase from there, if necessary. Starting low and increasing amount is best, since once you've added too much, you can't remove it! I've only used this to flavor soups and to create "faux" coconut milk. Hope this helps you.
Water, ethyl alcohol, propylene glycol, and natural flavor.
Water, ethyl alcohol, propylene glycol, natural flavor.
Yes they can, I have kept mine in the freezer for six months
6 pkgs.
I am not sure if I got 4 or 6 packages in my order but they are stamped $3.69 each so it's a good deal but you need to pay shipping.
12
I was able to go to the website www.wildplanetfoods.com and it does say that the wild sardines are packed in cans that are bpa free. You may check it for yourself. I am still not sure about the Wild Planet Tuna.
no heads, eyes, and tails. I think the bones are still there and the main source of calcium but you barely feel it.
No. It has a pull handle.
"In water" is printed on the box on front and on the side under ingredients.
I eat sardines like i eat tuna and salmon, with pickles or crackers, etc. One of the major reasons is the health benefits. I buy sardines in water. Some people do not like the taste of fish so buy them in oil or other additives. that is ok. i just sprinkle them with salt and pepper, maybe some hot pepper, and eat them out of the can. with crackers is good too. i have bought this brand for a long time and them i saw in the reviews that it may not be totally off the west coast so i now buy Matiz Gallego and Motgada Portugese Sardines. Much better.
The only ingredients are: sardines, water and sea salt. They are excellent, great quality
The sardines are caught off the coast of California in the Pacific ocean, unfortunately the last plant to can sardines in North America closed a long time ago, so they have to send them to Viet Nam to be processed so as to be sold in the USA. You can ask Wild Planet anything over e-mail and from my experience they are extremely nice and respond to everything.
As far as sardines go they are both long, wide and plump. 4 per can.
I'm remembering the longest stem approx 18" long and the flowers about 1 1/2" - 2" wide. They were a nice size.
Hi thanks for contacting Orchidea Fresh flowers. We ship using both carriers.each order is handeled to its location .once your 0rder is placed with us we can clarify who we used and give u a tracking. We use fedex most of the time. But we guarantee overnight delivery for all of United States so we make sure u get your flowers 100% in perfect condition ..Remember to choose Orchidea fresh flowers, the only seller that ships every order overnight. We have yhe freshest high quality flowers.
Must order anytime 12/10 before 3pm pacific standard time.
Stems are not 20" below the blooms. I have used a 16" belleek vase for these orchids by angling the stems in the vase below water line with blooms extending over edge at wide angles. Lovely to look at for weeks.
Thanks for contacting orchidea fresh flowers. Ucango ahead and place the order now. Just indicate in the gift message box that the delivery should be for may 16 2014. And we will make sure its by u via complimentary overnight shipping. Be clear when ordering that delivery is for may 16,by indicating so in the gift message box. Make sure to Select orchidea fresh flowers at check out as your seller. The only seller with a 100% positive customer satisfaction review.
Orchidea Fresh Flowers is the only seller that ships every order overnight to guarantee ultimate freshness. If you order with us any time before June 10 noontime, we can have this shipped to you by Wednesday June 11. Thank you for your inquiry and looking forward to sending these beautiful flowers to you or your loved one...
Yes u can delay shipment. U can include your desired delivery date in the gift message box. And we will ship it to you on your requested date.
Thanks mohammad for your inquiry. If you order by 2:00 pm april 30 you can have it by may 1 . overnight shipping. But if you order after our cut off time 2:00 ,april 30,wednesday ,then youll get it may 2 friday. Thanks. Looking fwd to fullfill your order and put a smile on the faces of the ppl that will receive these beautiful flowers. If u need it for a diff date we can custom deliver on specific dates. You would specify that in an email after placing the order. Thanks
Yes. Strip the flowers off the stem parts that will be under water if you like for a sleek look. But you can even just submerge the bottom blooms in water and let the top 6" show above the vase. If the vase is clear glass and very wide, this is a great option. These blooms lasted for about 8 weeks!
Thanks for contacting orchidea fresh flowers. You can order them now and select may 5-9 for delivery. In order to have them submerge. You need to connect the wayer tube beneath the flower stem to heavy pc of rock.. Can be floral vase beauty rocks.. So that the flowers aty submerged. Make sure to select orchidea fresh flowers at checkout. We guarantee 100% freshness. We can guide u step by step how to submerge them once your order has been placed. Thanks for reaching out. Tova
They are wrapped in plastic in a stack of maybe 10. Don't have them in front of me, so I don't remember the exact count.
Look at image 3 on this http://www.amazon.com/Stroopwafels-Dutch-Caramel-Waffle-Cookies/dp/B003IE4UOW/ref=cm_cd_al_qh_dp_t that's how they are wrapped individually in the box, nothing fancy though.
Hi Felicia, I'm a little surprised that Amazon would refer you to me since I blasted Amazon for advertising one brand and sending me another. Furthermore, I let Amazon know how disappointed I was with their bait and switch. More to the point I would not order them from Amazon because you don't know what they'll send you. I requested a specific brand (Roomboter, because they are made with real butter) and didn't get them even though I saw them as being available on Amazon. Apparently Amazon doesn't read what their customers review. Good luck Felicia!
The orchids are 22"-24" tall and the vase is 8" tall with rhinestone mesh ribbon wrapped around it as in picture if purchased from "Just Orchids".
Yes. They did bloom after a couple of days! How long has it been since your mother in law received them
No, not included, thank you.
Yes, and through the US Postal Service
Hi, sorry we dont ship internationally. Good luck.
I left a message on the gift card box and they arrived on time, without the shipping instructions included in the message.
I am not sure. They were sent to a friend who was confined to a hospital so I never saw it. The friend, however, is a Master Gardener and said the entire arrangement was beautiful. Keep in mind that it took a long time between placing the order and delivery.
Hi we ship out of nj but can guarantee an overnight shipping for orders placed monday-thursday.before 2:00 pm est. Thanks for contacting Orchidea Fresh Flowers.
Hi Tracy, Im so sorry, but we can only ship out the flowers on Friday for delivery on Saturday... Thank you! Esther Orchidea Fresh Flowers, rep
Click on "Add gift options" during checkout to add your gift note and a card will be included with the flowers. We do not include pricing information with any of our flowers.
New flavor
Lisa, my husband and I love this product.It should say tangerine on the bottle. They also make it in mango. As far as we are concerened it works. My fridge is full of this. Hope this helps Carol
Sucralose is an artificial sweetener.
3 mg of melatonin per bottle
Melatonin and Valarian and tastes like orange Gatorade. They are quite expensive so I decided to just get the 5mg tablets at grocery store or drug store. CVS has the 10mg.
I use half a bottle and it does the trick for me. Occasionally if it has been a bad day, I will use 1 whole bottle. And I find that I do not need it every night -- it does not seem to be habit forming. Shop around because the price varies but in any case it is not cheap. Hope this helps.
I kept it next to our bed and used it over three nite's.
Go to the Neuro website and print a coupon.It will also tell you who carries the product in your area.
I hope you called Amazon.com for that. This is an area for customer questions about the product itself, not about orders that were placed. If you ordered it on Amazon and didn't receive it you should call them at 1-866-216-1072. They might be able to help you, although it looks like you didn't get your shipment a long time ago so I'm not 100% sure what they'll be able to do. Worth a shot though! Hope this helps!
At our Publix in Maitland, Fl it is in the Health and Beauty aisle.
It is definitely worth the money! it came already growing, just as pictured. It is doing well!
Nothing, basically. I looked it up on line and found that as long as it has only 'eco-water' (rain or bottled), it'll do fine. Ours seem to be thriving.
Yes it comes in a small plastic pot.
When I received mine it had 6 traps big and small. It also had a few blooms on it where new traps were growing.
Keep the soil moist.
yes
This plant grows in bog lands in full sun. They will die if they do not have enough light. I keep mine in a sunny window - south or south-east facing.
not sure, it died after about 2 weeks
Moss
I don't think it will eat that. It'll close but it'll open back up again in a few minutes. If you feed it anything it's gotta be something that will struggle a little bit; that encourages the trap to stay closed. You can let it fend for itself, or get small ants or similar bugs and feed those to it.
Yes, we'll ship them to a p.o. box.
Long! Trust this is a great gift, beautiful flowers and they stay alive and fresh for a very long time!
The ones my mother in law got were semi blooming. Some were just opening and some were still buds.
Well, since the flowers I order ahead of time and ask to be delivered yesterday are not there yet, I would say don't rely on just putting a note in the gift box message as was recommended by the seller. It does appear they are out for delivery today, but tracking says they were shipped 6 days ago! Not good for flowers :( Their other recommendation to contact them directly after placing the order may work. I did not try this. Good luck!
Weekend delivery is limited by FedEx, we would have to check for a specific address to see if they have a weekend delivery there. There will be a surcharge for weekend delivery charged by FedEx however on top of the regular shipping charges (about $15-$20). If you'd like to use that option, please inbox me with the street address and I will check if a weekend delivery is possible there. Thank you.
Yes, and then put them in a vase or the one that came with it if you are getting that one.
Yes
yes, very nice scent
Hi thanks for your question. we do have a product u can search for thats called 10 stem dendrobiums with vase. select that package and make sure to click Orchidea Fresh flowers as your seller so that u get the best quality and your case to your flowers. thanks Tova
select next day shipping. cost is specified. thanks for your request
Forrest, I'm retired Air Force, I got assigned to Holland in 1992 and was there till 1996. While there I fell in Love with Douwe Egbert coffee. I have been drinking it exclusively since 1992. I've had a Coffee machine that was a drip/thru that I've used the Ground Coffee with and it does still taste good, but not what I wanted. Then I bought a French Press and used it for the Ground Coffee, it gave the tasted I needed but was a chore. Then I found a Senseo Coffee machine that uses DE pods. Since 1996 when I got back to the States I've been thru 3 machines and by far it produces the best tasting Coffee that you could ever want. Plus it is way cheaper than Starbucks. These machines can use one Pod for the folks that like the taste but not the strong coffee and also can use 2 Pods for folks like me. I found all 3 of these machines in Thrift Stores. These are the only machines I will use and as long as I can afford the Pods (Inexpensive) and draw air. Take my advice and I assure you that it will surpass your expectations. Signed a Loyal Douwe Egberts Coffee Drinker.
Same product. Tastes the same..
It is not instant coffee. It can be used in a coffee maker.
I don't know the answer to this question as I haven't tried both.
Good Morning, Tjhank you for your email. I can confirm that Douwe Egbert does make decaffeinated coffee. But I do not know the exact opinion on this please double check on Amazon what the reviews on this product are. Kind Regards Amy
This product is 100% calcium chloride (CaCl2).
I used it with all my peppers and it worked quite well.
way different. CAL is slaked lime, strongly alkaline and caustic, has to be handled carefully. Calcium chloride is much safer and easier to work with,(my pickles now come out nicely crisp). check a site called The Garden Web: pickling lime questions.
Pickle Crisp is strictly a pickle firming agent and would be in addition to any salt and/or seasonings you prefer.
1/2 teaspoon per pint
I'm not sure that it would keep them from turning mushy. I've never used pickle crisp for anything but pickled recipes, but store bought tomatoes often do contain calcium chloride. Maybe do some research on the use of calcium chloride in canning. That might turn up some better answers than just searching for uses for pickle crisp. Good luck!
Yes if you are making dilly beans or something simmilar just add according to package directions the same amount you would use for pickles.
Hi Kathryn - Great question. This is what I found on the Morton website: Morton Canning and Pickling Salt is a pure granulated salt which does not contain potassium iodide, dextrose or an anti-caking agent. In other words, it does not contain any additives. This salt product can be used in cooking, baking, canning, pickling and for the table. Please note that since there is no anti-caking agent added to Morton Canning and Pickling Salt, it may form lumps in humid weather or if exposed to moisture. This product is available in four-pound boxes and can be found in your local grocery store. Morton Iodized Salt contains potassium iodide, dextrose to stabilize the iodide and calcium silicate which is an anti-caking agent. This product is fine for baking, cooking and normal table use. However, since the anti-caking agent in this product is not water-soluble, we do not recommend this salt for some canning recipes as the calcium silicate may settle at the bottom of the jar and the water may cloud. This is really not a problem but it could be an aesthetic issue for some users.
No. It is calcium chloride. It is not caustic.
Absolutely. I have a friend who's husband can only have very limited salt and she cans all types of vegetables in vinegar with no salt. She swears by this product.
I have no idea - it doesn't say so on the bottle - "first cold pressed."
I have no idea, you should contact the supplier.
Yes, all bottles will be labeled with lot number & best before. We usually stock bottle with 1 year shelf life, sometimes more.
Yes, it comes in a glass container.
Great for cooking in my opinion but probably don't need such a high quality oil if doing a lot of frying or sauting.
No chicken pieces. They are not in the "just add water" containers, but I put a package in a cup and add hot water and it's perfect.
Little noodles
Within the box that you see in the photo are 5 boxes, and each of those contains 2 packages of soup. So a total of 10 packages.
I give my grains a break in a milk bath stored in the frig.
Yes, but it doesn't always come out as thick; sometimes your grains will get all temperamental when you switch things up on them (like even just switching milk brands can throw them off a batch or two). I use mine to make almond milk kefir and coconut milk kefir but it only ever comes out thicker if I add a tsp or 2 of coconut sugar (separation happens regardless). Sugar and minerals are what kefir grains ultimately feed on, which is why I add a tiny amount of coconut sugar (it's rich in minerals). It's also a good idea to do milk batches every once in a while, otherwise they'll starve.
The grains will take time to adjust to their new environment as well as recover from the shock of travel. I would follow the sellers instructions exactly, especially in the first few weeks. After a couple of weeks, at most, the grains should be making excellent dairy ferments and growing/multiplying. They do not grow as rapidly as water kefir grains and sometimes they stop growing for awhile yet continue to produce excellent kefir. Other milks, like coconut and soy, can be used. However for at least the first few weeks I would stick with whole organic milk, raw if possible. Goats or sheep's milk are excellent choices in addition to cow's milk. Good Luck!
It was about a tablespoonful. It was plenty to get started.
The carb count does not remain the same as the original milk carbs. Fermentation (culturing in the case of dairy) reduces the sugars (carbs)...as the kefir grains feed off the sugars (not the fat). As the sugars are reduced the taste becomes more and more sour. A shorter ferment, milder tasting kefir (some people prefer short for the taste) will have more carbs than a longer more fully fermented, more tart kefir.
I don't know if there is an official answer, but I have read online you can, and I do myself, with no apparent ill effects. It's a good way to manage the grains when they grow so fast.
No
it takes 3 tries for the "weak. grains." to pulp up. like 2 gallons of "regular milks."
Germany
I didn't get instructions either. My grains were spoiled when they arrived.
No. I put them in a container, and keep in the fridge. Throw them into wok towards end of cooking. Or in whatever sauce I am preparing to put in at the end of the cooking.
DK, the entire package labeling is in Chinese characters, no way to know. Please post what you find out, if anything. Sorry I couldn't help more.
Yes, you should definitely give them a quick rinse. They'd probably be too salty otherwise. I transferred mine to a air-tight container and keep them in the fridge, but I'm not sure that that's totally necessary.
They are good, but not the best. The price is right!
No, it's not fishy. You may want to try Wakame seaweed as it is the fishiest.
Harvested in Japan, processed in China.
I don't know the answer to your question, I just tried these once and never bought them again, I didn't like the taste.
Hi thanks for contacting orchideafreshflowers .please contact us through the contact seller link,And tell us how many u would need so we can arrange a discounted shipping charge for all of your quantity.make sure to select Orchidea Fresh Flowers the only seller that ships overnight to guarantee 100 percent freshness
I used these in Centerpieces - but doing. Wedding and bouquet for friend in December
Congratulations on your wedding! You can order up until Thursday October 30th for overnight delivery using Orchidea Fresh Flowers - the only seller that ships every order overnight for ultimate freshness...
Saturday delivery with Orchidea Fresh Flowers is only available when selecting next day shipping at checkout. All orders that are in by Friday noon can go out overnight for Saturday delivery. Happy Mothers Day!
Orchidea Fresh Flowers gives its customers the option of specifying the exact delivery date in the message box provided when ordering. You can order up until Thursday for Friday delivery as we ship every order overnight to guarantee ultimate freshness. Thank you and good luck!
Thanks for contacting Orchidea Fresh Flowers. We deliver monday through friday. We always ship overnight to guarentee 100% freshness. Thanks Lookong forward to take your order Tova
Thanks for your inquiry. You would need check with customs if u can bring a floral gift item. Our flowers are wrapped beautifully for your loved ones in canada to. I beleive that buyong through us Orchide Fresh Flowers is a great choice ,and you shouldnt have any issue at the border. Good luck
The box says 11 grams per piece, 100 calories. Just because something is healthy doesn't mean it's carb friendly! My husband loves those crackers and they were difficult to find at grocery stores so I bought a number of boxes from Amazon. We quit eating them when I chipped a tooth. Now that is one "tough cookie!"
I bought these for my son, who is vegan. He loves them and has continued to buy them. If you read the ingredients, there is no egg, no milk, or any other animal product used to make these crackers. They do contain wheat and seeds and are probably not gluten free.
Total carbs per individual cracker are 12g which includes 3g of fiber and 2g of sugar. What I like is that for each cracker you get 4g of protein so I can keep one in my purse, munch a quick cracker when I feel hungry and stay full until the next meal.
As long as the top diameter of the Verismo pod is 2 inches or larger, they'll fit.
It doesn't swivel extraordinarily easily. The cups just drop in without pushing them in; it is a perfect drop-in fit. I can honestly say that I never had an issue with it spinning around when I didn't want it to. This thing is awesome. Probably the best one I have seen anywhere.
I would say if you use K-Cups then this re-usable filter will work.
I am not familiar with "Home It" products. This product has some sort of bottom; perhaps it's rubber, I'm not sure. Whatever it has is completely satisfactory.
If they are the same size as a K-Cup, they will fit. I use brand name & generic K-cups & they all fit nicely in this carousel. I've never heard of the dolce gusto pods, are they good? Another thing, if these pods have a mesh bottom instead of the plastic bottom, I wouldn't store them out in the open. I have some pods that are kept in the resealable bags they come in to keep them fresh. Hope this helps.
Yes
My carousel is full at this time and it looks to me like deeper would work just fine. Hope this helps.
Yes, the 13 inch height includes the turning ball on top.
I don't know, but the inside of the ring is 1 3/4 inches. Hopefully that helps.
NO, K-cups will cost you another $20 from any of the many Amazon suppliers.
2 cans
They are NOT stuck together. You can certainly give one to a friend without it being obvious. They are individual cans.
This is a fabulous drink! It's not sugary sweet, but it is rich! We love it! Hope that helps!
I don't know. The first ingredient listed is sugar, then cocoa.
The one I bought was a double can set.
Yes
Supposedly ten servings per can, so that would be ten cups, but I use less, so it's many more cups for me. So, just depends how strong you prefer it.
Sugar, cocoa, bittersweet chocolate, (sugar, choc liquor, anhydrous dextrose ) Soy, lecithin -an emulsifier, natural flavoring
It didn't say anywhere
No it stayed where I adjust it to. Your welcome. :)
plastic clip
I bought a medium sized collar and it IS adjustable. I would imagine the small one will be too. Just double check with the seller directly to be sure.
The package says "Product of the USA". I don't know if that means grown in the USA. I have ordered the 4-pack twice and am about to order them again. It's an excellent product for me so far. I store them in the freezer and they have stayed fresh there for 7 months. I only use them in bread making, 3/8 cup per loaf.
These seeds are raw and hulled (no shell).
Mine say Product of USA.
Not sure who "someone" is. They are not organic. But they are very good.
No, these are hulled seeds.
Four pounds if you are ordering the bulk order.
Can't verify were these seeds are grown, however the address on the box is as follows: Bob's Red Mill 13521 SE Pheasant Court Milwaukie, Oregon 97222 1-800-553-2258 www.bobsredmill.com My wife loves these seeds, and uses them regularly when baking.
Yes, Kathleen, it's always 16 oz. bags in a box of 4. Bob's Red Mill products are some of the best deals you can find on Amazon. I use them exclusively for seeds, buckwheat and rye flour. Always a winner.
yes
The Chia seeds that I purchased contained no foreign matter. They were delicious and I have used them in baking, cooking and in oatmeal. I bought the 4 pack and gave 2 bags away to friends and kept the other 2 for myself. I am on my second bag and have found no problem and will buy it again.
I don't refrigerate mine. I keep them in a jar in the cupboard. Between my husband and myself we use one bag per month. They are so great for giving us energy (we're in our 60's) and for keeping us old Farts regular! I hope that helps - though I'm sure that's TMI ! :0)
The packaging doesn't indicate either of these terms (not that I could see, anyway). A search through the website's (RobsRedMill.com) FAQ section does say that their seeds are all NON-GMO, however they also add: "This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment." All of their products are kosher. As for being organic, the reply is: "Bob's Red Mill does offer a wide selection of organic products certified by Quality Assurance International (QAI). Make sure the product is clearly labeled organic, as some items are available both organic and conventional." This chia seed item is not marked Organic.
Nowhere on the package does it say 'Organic'. You might try emailing them: bobsredmill.com I hope this helps. I do like the product a lot.
Sheila, I emailed the company, and the reply is that their chia seeds are grown in Mexico.
Salvia hispanica, commonly known as chia, is a species of flowering plant in the mint family and does not contain gluten. However, the seeds are "Manufactured in a facility that also uses tree nuts, soy, wheat and milk."
They are a mixture - but since I have read that there is no difference, I have no problem with them - I take them any way I get them -reasonable price.
I don't believe this particular product is, but Bob's Red Mill does have some organic options, and they are a small privately owned company, so you will be supporting local, even if you do not live in Oregon. :-)
mine say they expire in 2015
Nothing on the packaging indicates point of origin; go to bobsredmill.com for more info.
Plastic. Unopened, it can be stored in the pantry. Once opened, it needs to be refrigerated. This is the best mayonnaise out there.
8 MOS. TO A YEAR.
Hi, Ellen...this is what I found out. Light versions of mayo "tend to mirror" their fatty counterparts (the standard stuff). Duke's Light is "salty and vinegary", tastes on the ranch side, and is not sweet at all.
Beats me but it's delicious.
Until it's done I would guess.
Yes the flavored coffee is sugar free
Yes, confirmed as of 2/2014 the package I received is compatible with Keurig 2.0
You are not missing anything, it will be cheaper to buy 2, 24 packs than get the 48 pack. The prices that reflect this are if the items are Sold and Shipped from Amazon.
Did you ever get your answer to this, Darlinda? I'm curious too.
You can roast them before eating but there is no need. To get the full antioxidant potential out of them they should be eaten raw. I throw them in the blender with chocolate yogurt, protein powder and a banana.
it says 16oz, but I am not the person selling this so I am not sure why you are asking me.
I eaten them. :-) https://www.google.ru/maps/place/%D0%9D%D0%BE%D0%B2%D1%8B%D0%B9+%D1%83%D1%80%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B3%D0%BE%D0%B9/@66.0969685,76.6709776,12z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4361a99c33693d9f:0xf1b4547be50d6227?hl=ru
No
10 packs, 10 pieces in each. That makes 100 pieces in total, 20 pieces of each flavor
There are about 210 calories in 10 pieces. There are 31 grams of sugar.
peach!
My box lists the peach ingredients on the box: Ingredients: Glucose syrup, sugar, hydrogenated palm kernel oil, gelatin, citric acid, DL-maltic acid, peach puree, natural and artificial flavors, emulsifiers (sucrose fatty acid esters, sorbitan monostearate), concentrated yogurt, natural color (purple carrot extract) Contains milk. Made in a facility that also processes soybeans Looking at the other flavors mostly the same except for ordering of a few and these swapped out by flavor: Mango puree with color beta-carotene Strawberry concentrated juice with color purple carrot extract Grape concentrated juice with color grape skin extract Apple concentrated juice with no listed natural color
You are correct . They come in 5 flavor sad 2 of each flavor.
I'm not sure what the overall most popular flavor is, but my favorite is the peach... It's the most similar to a natural piece of fruit, and it's very sweet... It's pretty awesome overall
grape, mango, green apple, strawberry I love them all.
I'm not sure if there's a "shell" but you can eat the whole bean. They are somewhat bitter but I like them.
No, I don't believe they've been heated, they seem to be raw just like a raw nut.
They do not have to be peeled. But I never did finish the bag. Just couldn't warm up to the flavor. Maybe you'll have better luck.
I would think so as long as they have been kept in a dry place I've had mine for over 2 years I've kept them in mason jars though so I can see any decay and they seem to be fine and still taste fresh. I think because they are dried they have a substantial shelf life
Yes
About 20 beans in 1 ounce .
The plants will form the flower buds before it grows leaves in the spring. There's nothing to worry about. This table will show you the relative growth cycle for your plant. http://blueberries.msu.edu/growing_blueberries/growth_stages_table
I don't know how I would know that answer unless the company told us it was organic. But I do know I have tried several ways to contact the company about my Blueberry Plant I got from them and they will not respond to me. My plant has not looked healthy since I first got it and now todate it still is a sick looking plant. I even sent pictures to show just how terrible it looks but still no response!! It looks like it has developed two tiny berries right at the top of one stem but it had a couple of blooms earlier and they dried up and fell off and I think these recent ones will do the same. So I am very discouraged with this plant that was to produce bunches and bunches of Blueberries according to their description when I purchased them. Good luck with yours.
I just put it in a pot & used eposoma organic fertilizer . I have them in the house now for the winter. They are blooming
Direct sunlight is 6+ hours a day of sunlight.
Blueberries grow great in Florida There is a blueberry winery in davenport Fla.
1-2 years until fruit with the correct care.
Hello Cindy: Our current stock of Kraft Fat Free 1000 Island dressing packets expire: July 2014 We also have Fat Free and Deluxe Fat Free Salad Dressing Sampler kits available. Thank you, Minimus.biz
My wife has been eating them for a year with no effects. There is not an expiration date listed on the individual packages and we have moved them to a different container. I would not be concerned about a few months whatsoever.
I am not sure... I would go by the last sale date plus a month..
We are in Montreal Canada. It was not sent in the jar that shows here but rather in 2 plastic vats. Aesthetically, this was awful as my grandson wanted what shows in the picture on line. The contents were good. The shipping was an additional 70 some $ so the entire cost came to over $140. But the big disappointment was the absence of the 11 llb. Nutella jar logo and all. It changed a gift into a utility package.
I'm not sure of the exact date, but I know it isn't more than a few months. The friend that I gave this to said that the consistency of the Nutella changed rather quickly after it was opened and it got hard. More than half had to be thrown away.
Jesus came down and blessed every 11 pound bottle of Nutella so it never expires.
Yes, it's pretty large.
Not really. Smaller then I believed it would be.
Yes it is
Annie Chun's website doesn't state if it is GMO free. Their seaweed snacks contain canola oil though and it is notorious for being genetically modified.
70mg per serving 2 servinga per package
I don't think they do, but I know that others disagree. I guess seaweed kind of smells like the sea, and that makes people think of fish when it's really just seaweed. :-) If you're sensitive to that, I might skip them. Or send the rest to me if you find you don't like them! :-)
Yes
Yes I believe it is gluten free, as we have eaten all our seaweed and have purchased some other brand and it appears to be...
Annie Chun's seaweed snacks are perfect... I love them :) my granddaughter helps me eat them.
1 regular size Nori seaweed sheet contains contains as much Omega 3 as 2 avocados (according to Dr. Oz) so seaweed sheets are a very good source of Omega-3.
I'm guessing longevity of product? I've tried making these on my own, but have yet to repeat the quality. There's lots of DIY recipes out there. Until I can make them on my own, they beat 75% of the garbage that other companies offer as "snacks".
Most manufacturers of foods list the nutritional content on their web sites. A full package of this is 60 calories and 2g carbs. It also has 2g protein, 70% of your vitamin A, 12% vitamin C, and a raft of trace minerals. Only thing you have to watch out for in these measures is that many manufacturers feel the need to show the nutritional content as a partial consumption of the product as packaged. Maybe I'm weird, but if I open a small package of something or a regular size individual bottle, I consume the whole thing. Having to do math to figure out the actual nutritional content of a product is a PITA. Several other people who answered this question fell for that, since the web site lists nutritional content as 1/2 a package. http://www.anniechun.com/our-food/seaweed-snacks/sesame Its high in sodium, but anyone still worried about that hasn't been reading the latest nutritional studies, or the criticism for pretty much every other prior study that made poor health claims. The only iffy thing about this product is the use of GMO'd industrial seed oil (canola), but they probably had no other decent option.
Never tried it for baking but I imagine that it would fine since it's a powdered form and mixes very well.
About 34, 1/2 teaspoon servings. Should last you a little more than a month.
It doesn't say on the packaging, but my understanding is that matcha generally has about 35mg per teaspoon. I believe it's about the same as a cup of green tea and about half as much as coffee. I am fairly sensitive to caffeine (as in one cup of strong coffee makes me a bit revved up), but I can usually have two teaspoons of matcha before I need to switch to water or other beverages sans caffeine.
Got Matcha is top quality too. Plus, they have organic, black label...top quality. get on their mailing list for occasional specials. The owner answers the phone if you call. He also answers your questions.
The web site says they grow their tea in Kagoshima, Japan which is south west of Shizuoka. Also the website has videos of ways to prepare this tea! I didn't know that before.
This green tea originates in the southwestern region of Japan, known as Kagoshima.
I got this from their website. "The D&#333;Matcha Ceremonial grade of matcha is handpicked in the spring at the first flush, only the brand new top leaves are chosen. These leaves render a very smooth but strong flavor, considered to be one of the top grades of matcha. As a result it commands a higher value in the marketplace. The 2nd Harvest D&#333;Matcha is handpicked in August, the leaves for 2nd Harvest have been on the tea plant longer and render a more astringent flavor. As a result it has a lower value. You can see this by the pricing. The 2nd Harvest gives you more than twice as many servings for only $6-8 more than the Ceremonial matcha. If you are a purist or traditionalist and enjoy your matcha with just hot water, then the Ceremonial will give you the better tasting matcha. If you are going to use your matcha in a latte or a blender drink, then you may as well go for value and use the 2nd Harvest. I personally use the Ceremonial grades (organic and non) as they seem to give me more energy and mental clarity."
I was wondering the same thing, and I read a lot of articles online that stated that the uji region wasn't affected by it, but who knows for sure, that could all not be true, also on youtube I found this video where some guy tested it for radiation and it had radiation in it. so idk....... china theres lead, japan radiation, hard to find a good matcha elsewhere.
Whatever wind, rain, and water have done to carry radiation to the mainland, a number of sources report that today, 60-years later, 1.6 million people are "thriving" on Hiroshima, the ground zero of one A-bomb. And there hasn't the the first sighting of godzilla.
This tea can be used for drinking, cooking, baking and much more. It doesn't have to be mixed, you can drink it as is. I usually drink one to two cups a day. This green tea can be used in many way for example I mix it with vanilla ice cream to make a great tea ice cream and it came out very nice. Also you can find many way to use green tea online.
Shelf life is indefinite if kept completely dry and sealed against impurities, insects, etc. Upon purchasing I usually open the inner heat-sealed plastic bag (this is the 'weak link' in the Indian packaging), pour out enough rice (about half) to allow removing the plastic bag and then replace the bag with an appropriate extra-large food storage size ziplock bag, then pick over and replace the rice. I have found it to be wholesome, tasty, and unchanged after a year and more, when stored this way.
It's white rice. No bran. If it had bran, it would be brown rice. I don't know if it was bleached. It's delicious, though!
White ... Absolutely white!
I do not believe it is either. Talking Rain has its own company and you can check out their website at talkingrain.com. For every case you buy, .25 cents goes to Breast Cancer research. I bought this water based on the following article but I can not find info on whether or not the bottle is eco friendly. TalkingRain, brewers of fresh, fruity, all-natural alternatives to plain old water and sugar saturated sodas, invite you to sip "PINK" for the cure and help the fight against breast cancer. In the spirit of TalkingRain's never ending mission to develop functional, healthy, innovative beverages, .25 cents per case of PINK sales will go to support various national and local breast cancer research, screening, education and awareness programs. The new PINK spring water comes from TalkingRain's protected artesian spring water source and never sees the light of day until bottled. By purchasing PINK, consumers will help thousands of women detect breast cancer early while contributing to research for a cure. This was last year, we could still weave it into the content Susan G. Komen Puget Sound Affiliate named Talking Rain one of the "Promise Partners" and will be the first recipient of sales of proceeds of the new PINK. "We thank Talking Rain for an incredible partnership", says the Susan G. Komen Puget Sound Affiliate. "They have joined us in this fight against breast cancer for more than 16 years. Together, we will win the battle."
It is not shown on the bottle, their phone number is 800-734-9748.
All there is is natural spring water inside a pink bottle.
Sparkling Ice is zero calories with no sugar added; it does have Sucralose as the sweetener and a bit of juice concentrate to add to the flavoring; so if you are worried from a diabetic view, a very very small amount of fructose would be present from the juice concentrate.
Bottles are plastic.
The company says yes, it is gluten free. All your questions answered here: http://www.sparklingice.com/faq
no, it is sugar free
Just looked on a bottle. Yes, it is caffeine free.
I have never seen this in cans, just bottles.
It has the U with a circle around it. That typically means it is Kosher.
Kiwi-Strawberry, Pineapple-Coconut, Apple Crisp, Lemonade, Lemon-Lime, Peace-Nectarine, Mango-Orange, Lemonade-Strawberry, Ice-Tea-Lemonade, Blueberry-Pomegranate, Black Raspberry... Pretty sure that's the whole list for now :D Our top four favourites are the Pineapple-Coconut, Apple, Strawberry-Lemonade, and Kiwi-Strawberry!
Black Raspberry, Orange Mango and Lemon Lime.
Yes. It contains Splenda/sucralose. This was a plus to us because we can't have sugary drinks, and aspartame is very unhealthy.
Carbonated Mountain Spring Water, Juice Concentrate, Natural Flavors, Citric Acid, Caramel Color, Potassium Benzoate (To Ensure Freshness), Sucralose, Green Tea Extract, Biotin 1% Trit. (Maltodextrin), Niacinamide (B3), D-Calcium Pantothenate (B5), Vitamin B12 0.1% (Mannitol), Vitamin D3, Pyridoxine HCI (B6).
I don't know. I would need to research this.
I spoke with an Amazon rep and she said that she had no idea when they will have it again at the $20 price. I feel your pain.
It is not as sweet as Ice since it does not contain fruit juice. This product is just lightly carbonated spring water and natural flavorings.
Carbonated mountain spring water. That is all that the bottle contains.
It doesn't say on the bottle but when I googled it I got an answer that said carbonated water has a sour taste and a PH between 3 and 4
No, I don't believe it does. It is sparkling mountain spring water with essence of flavoring. It is absolutely wonderful. Very refreshing. I bought a lot of it until the price went up, then stopped. Wish I could buy it locally! Their website says, "We start with pure, natural water, add carbonation and 100% natural fruit essences to create 10 distinctly thirst-quenching flavors! It's sparkling refreshment with just the right amount of natural fruit flavor. No Calories All Natural No Sweeteners No Sodium FLAVORS: Natural, Lemon Lime, Berry, Tangerine, Lemon Zest, Pomegranate Lime, Mango Acai, Peach Nectarine, Kiwi Strawberry, Coconut Pineapple.
If you actually mean into the house, I am sorry but we are not supposed to go into a home. This is for our safety and yours. But if your driver is expecting you to come to the truck to get it I would definitely call 1-800-pick-ups and file a complaint. Your driver should be able to set it inside the door for you. I hope this helps.
This water is great. The flavoring is very subtle and only adds a hint of the citrus flavors. There is no overwhelming fruit flavor - it mostly tastes like sparkling water with a faint flavor of the citrus. The "berry" does not have a cherry flavor - at least not that I can tell. I've been drinking this water for several years now and still love it.
I'm sorry...I do not know. I am in Florida and there wasn't a deposit.
Every time I look at this the price goes up. Apparently Amazon doesn't stop price gouging. I certainly won't buy this at this price when Dollar General, Wal*Mart and other local stores carry it for $1.00 a bottle, all varieties. It WAS a good deal when the price was much lower. The silence of the seller on this topic speaks volumes.
None
This has been bugging me just the same since I started drinking these '0 Calorie' drinks. All Juice has calories, so even at 3% it should have more than -0-. I think the explanation can be found below: "TITLE 21--FOOD AND DRUGS CHAPTER I--FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SUBCHAPTER B--FOOD FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION ...(b)Calorie content claims. (1) The terms "calorie free," "free of calories," "no calories," "zero calories," "without calories," "trivial source of calories," "negligible source of calories," or "dietarily insignificant source of calories" may be used on the label or in the labeling of foods, provided that: (i) The food contains less than 5 calories per reference amount customarily consumed and per labeled serving. (ii) As required in 101.13(e)(2), if the food meets this condition without the benefit of special processing, alteration, formulation, or reformulation to lower the caloric content, it is labeled to disclose that calories are not usually present in the food (e.g., "cider vinegar, a calorie free food"). (2) The terms "low calorie," "few calories," "contains a small amount of calories," "low source of calories," or "low in calories" may be used on the label or in labeling of foods, except meal products as defined in 101.13(l) and main dish products as defined in 101.13(m), provided that: (i)(A) The food has a reference amount customarily consumed greater than 30 grams (g) or greater than 2 tablespoons and does not provide more than 40 calories per reference amount customarily consumed; or (B) The food has a reference amount customarily consumed of 30 g or less or 2 tablespoons or less and does not provide more than 40 calories per reference amount customarily consumed and, except for sugar substitutes, per 50 g (for dehydrated foods that must be reconstituted before typical consumption with water or a diluent containing an insignificant amount, as defined in 101.9(f)(1), of all nutrients per reference amount customarily consumed, the per 50 g criterion refers to the "as prepared" form)."
Good question. That I don't know. Try going to the manufacturer's website?
Sparkling means it's carbonated which is not at all unhealthy!
A type of flavored water
Hello, lemonade is the cheapest I've found so far but never 12 for $3. It might have something to do with the fact that lemons are cheap and raspberries are not. If you want variety without paying more than a dollar a bottle, go to Dollar General if you have one or Wal*Mart and you will be amazed at the variety and the price which is generally lower than a dollar a bottle. You can also buy online thru both these stores but then might have to pay shipping.
I favor the citrus flavors. If I can CLEARLY figure out the ingrediants listed w/out use of a chemical dictionary, I'm happy. Noticed no "after taste" as mentioned previously. Drink it as an occasional "treat" vs a daily necessity. Real berry juice (of any kind) is only guaranteed if you squeeze the juice yourself.
No caffeine...just great taste.
Me
We would not reorder again. Too many packets with an expiration date only 9 months down the road.
Too soon for the amount that was purchased for two individuals - April 2014
Thank you for your inquiry. Our current stock is best by: April 2014. Best regards, minimus.biz
There are 80 calories per packet
With. : )
The sea salt is just a gimmick to make people think it is a different more healthy salt. The truth is sals is salt NaCl. Almost all salt comes from the oceans from one time or another.
It must be the difference in stock. Probably 32 oz bag is nearing is its expiry date and the seller, which is Amazon, wants to sell it off before its expiry and that is why it is priced slightly lesser than 16 oz bag.
Yes, 1 (32oz.) bag...I would suppose the 's' is a typo.
With shells. There were hardly any difficult-to-open ones in the bag.
NO maggots IN MY BAG 2W AGO
Do not sweat it.
Mine did. It was quite disgusting -- and very unexpected. There was a full-sized maggot in one of the nuts (there may have been maggots in more than one of the nuts, but at that point, I stopped eating them). When I contacted the company, instead of sounding concerned or appalled, they treated as if it were normal and to be expected. If finding such a thing in a pistachio weren't bad enough, to have the company respond like that? Inexcusable. I couldn't recommend these. Pistachios are great, but not when you have to be worried about getting roasted and salted maggots along with them... :/
Did it sit out for awhile before you opened it? As soon as it is delivered, I unpack it -- which is problem if it gets delivered while you are at work! I would contact the company though, they ARE AWESOME and respond QUICKLY to any issues.
Yes, they arrive frozen. There is a frozen date and expiration date stamped on each package. Mine are two years apart. So, I think it's safe to safe about two years.
These are shipped in a Styrofoam cooler with enough dry ice to ensure product arrives frozen within 2 days of shipping.
There are two sizes one with 28($59) packs and one with 76 packs ($133)
Thank you for your interest in our products. Unfortunately, due to the perishable nature of our products we are unable to ship internationally.
Yes, we certainly do ship to Hawaii!
Mr. Rivera, due to the perishable nature of our product and the expense involved, we do not ship to Puerto Rico at this time. Thank you for your interest in Sambazon
Hi Louie, Thank you for your interest in our products. Unfortunately, there are many variables to shipping overseas and we do not ship our products out of the country. Our Smoothie Packs are very perishable and require dry ice. Due to the lengthy customs process, we have usually ended up with melted Acai! The cost may also be prohibitive for most customers. Again, thank you for your interest in Sambazon and have a happy and healthy New Year!
Hello, Thank you for your interest in our smoothie packs, unfortunately we don't ship to Russia, as this is a frozen item, that is time sensitive and shipping cost, are not realistic.
Thank you for your interest, yes we ship UPS 2nd Day Air and orders ship Frozen and arrive frozen. Thank you.
I used mine for at least four years after purchase and it still stood up well in things like quick breads and cinnamon rolls.
Yes...it is better than what is sold in the stores!! Great flavor!
All cinnamon contains coumarin. This is cassia cinnamon and therefore contains more than ceylon (true) cinnamon. Over-consumption can lead to liver damage, I've read. And those who are sensitive to coumarin should generally avoid cassia. As I understand it, this is the type of cinnamon that Cinnabon uses. I've used it for years with daily consumption in oatmeal and higher amounts in zucchini bread, cookies, and cinnamon rolls. I've had no negative effects. I've fed my infant oatmeal with this cinnamon in it before and she is perfectly fine. Don't use it in those diet fads or in high amounts with coffee.
I have been using the cinnamon from Costco for over a year. I sprinkle it into my breakfast cereal daily. The total amount I am using is probably no more than 1/4 teaspoon, so not that large. As far as I can tell, it is good cinnamon. You can also check online for this particular type of cinnamon if you have additional questions.
I don't refrigerate the bottles I have. I just keep them on my kitchen counter-top. They last a long time.
They are plastic bottles.
Hazlenut, Chocolate and Vanila are all 0 carbs for 2 tbl spoons. Rasberry, Carmel and the last one (I forgot) are all 1 carb per 2 tbl spoons. However, you will find two is too sweet and you will if like me at all only use 1 tbl spoon.
Gluten Free Notice: Sugar Free Classic Caramel and Sugar Free French Vanilla are known to contain a small amount of barley which does contain gluten. Torani is unaware of any gluten in their other syrups.
Yep, they use Splenda. I use them in latte and mocha concoctions and don't have any issues with after taste.
You cannot mix and match in the variety pack. What is listed is it. You have mentioned 2 very popular flavors. The variety packs usually have 2 to 3 of the most popular flavors and then others that are seasonal or less popular choices. I have never seen even a 3-pack caramel or a 3-pack chocolate. You may get one of those in most variety packs, but otherwise you have to buy them as single bottle items.
Yes if you drink them in coffee with no creamer or by itself. I don't notice a weird after taste when I use them for baking or flavoring cream cheese.
i cant see why not i think its one oz for ever six oz of fluid,i have used in cheese cake but havent tried any thing else
We have used these for hot chocolate, protein shakes, coffee and other things. They are not unsweetened, they are made with Splenda.
No. Just purified water.
19g for most of them; 20g for vanilla; 23g for peppermint. 25 servings of 1oz, per bottle.
Torani syrups can be used as flavor/sweetener for hot or iced coffee & tea. They are sweet so there is no need to add sugar. Vanilla, Caramel, Hazelnut and chocolate are just some of the most popular flavors to add to coffee.
In a serving size of 1 oz. there are 19g total carbohydrates but it goes as high as 24g depending on the flavor you choose.
Yes they can! I have used them in cakes and puddings
I generally add 1 pump (0.25 oz) per 8 oz but if you like it extra sweet I would add 2 pumps (0.5 oz) max.
There is a "Best By" date on the bottles I purchased and it seems to go out about 1 1/2 years.
Unfortunately, no. Thanks, Alex.
I've not used them that way, but seems like it would work. You could always get a mini bottle from a grocery store and try it before you go for the great bargain on the big A. Or call a Hawaiian ice shop and ask them what they use. Cheers
I have used Torani syrups for over a year and some of the sugar-free flavors are available in plastic bottles (check the distributor's description). I prefer the glass bottles even though the shipping costs are slightly higher. I believe the flavor remains crisper in glass and the glass can be recycled completely whereas the plastic bottles are only partially recyclable.
Truvia tastes OK to me, but the reason it has less of an aftertaste is because they mix it with alcohol sugars. Right now I use one packet of Stevia In The Raw. For what I use it for, it tastes fine, and it doesn't have the alcohol sugars added. If you research alcohol sugars, they don't digest. It's excreted in urine, so it can make you go to the bathroom more. Don't just take my word for it, google it.
Individual packets. 300 of them
.123 oz or 3.5g
Truvia is based on stevia. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stevia Whether Truvia has any additional ingredient is something the labeling would show. You can grow your own stevia plant.
Buy the cheaper one, it's the same product. The difference might be that one product is aimed for the consumer market and the other at the commercial market.
2 pounds, 5 ounces
I have not seen the sensor malfunction per say. I have had issues with people not knowing exactly where the sensor is and being caught off guard when candy is dispensed. Also the serving amount of small candy such as skittles can be quite large in all three settings, also catching people off guard.
It would work, but the residual salt and bits would start to build if the product has lots of heavy granules. Otherwise, could get messy. As long as the product doesn't stick to itself, it shouldn't clog the machine.
Just about anything, it comes apart easily for washing. I use in office as a candy dispenser. We have had M&Ms Plain and peanut, Ike & mikes, jelly beans and skittles. I cannot eat nuts but they would work as well as a trail mix
Yes. I saw one at Brookstone recently. All plastic and pretty light weight but nothing to worry about. Still appeared to be solid for an adult desk but maybe not around kids.
Frontier offers several selections of cinnamon, so this is a good question. I pulled my jar from the cupboard and the only ingredient listed on the bottle is certified organic Ceylon Cinnamon. I love the taste and use it daily, either in a drink with green tea and lemon, or my morning organic oatmeal. I'm not sure why the company used that picture on the bottle, but what's inside is Ceylon Cinnamon. Enjoy!
http://www.frontiercoop.com/products.php?ct=spicesft&cn=Cinnamon+Powder ... in reading this, they mention both Sri Lanka and India. They do not specifically say where they actually get there product. " True cinnamon, also known as Ceylon cinnamon, is obtained from C. verum, grown in Sri Lanka. It's tan and very mild." "Ceylon (Cinnamomum verum) This cinnamon is native to Sri Lanka (though grown in India, the East and West Indies, and Central America). The cultivated variety grows 8 to 10 feet and resembles a shrub rather than a tree. Most of the product in the U.S. is sold in the stick form."
This is the low-coumarin type of cinnamon, but I don't know if it's measured for exact amount. You can probably look up an approximate amount for this type. It's also sweeter than other kinds of cinnamon, although it is not sweetened.
No, just powdered cinnamon, no cassia.
yes
I never tried better cinnamon.That is my answer.I will order again very soon.
I use this brand because of the type (ceylon) and research shows the best "true ceylon" cinnamon comes from Sri Lanka. I have not tried any other countries and am satisfied with this particular type after several months of use.
It's taste so it's totally subjective. IMO, DaVinci is richer and has more caramel flavor while Torani is sweeter. I prefer DaVinci but that's just my taste.
Yes
It does not have to be refrigerated nor is there an expiration date.
no, there is no pump. It is very light and pours like water, however it has a very full rich taste.
Very good question! I only have one plastic bottle and it only has the recycling symbol on the bottom. I try to avoid buying the plastic ones. If the flavour you want in DaVinci only comes in plastic, try the Torani brand. Torani syrups are just as tasty.
Plastic
I use Cafe Bustelo Cuban Espresso with organic whole milk and this syrup. I drink mine iced and it's way better than anything Starbucks offer, plus a lot cheaper.
I could not find any difference, even researching on the web. The only other thing I could suggest is calling or emailing the company.
These are plastic - easier to ship (and for me safer as UPS has occasionally dropped the box over my fence) and easier to unpack and handle. I have also bought in glass but after trying the plastic have continued with it. Hope this is useful.
Don't know the actual measurements, but it is a large and rather heavy box. Ours is left on the front porch. I've never seen a pedestal mailbox large enough to handle a case.
Yes it is. I looked into this.
Don't know.
it says on the label BBF 2015 as mine that i just received from amazon i was the wife of a supermarket manager at one time so i am a pro, and amazon's products are always fresh
On the label there is a code "BBE" (best before/expiration?) with the month and year. The bottle I just picked up said 03/2015, in other words March 2015. There is another code that gives the date it was bottled. Hope this helps.
It will most likely ship UPS.
Yes
I have the same question. Why has the price doubled again since August 2014?
Ok great!! I'm on it. I will get back with you thank you.
Splenda
I pour the syrup into a refillable pump bottle that sits on the counter next to the coffee pot. You can purchase pumps that fit the bottle on the DaVinci website: https://store.davincigourmet.com/showProduct.aspx?SEName=syrup-pump-dispenser&ProductID=3307
The purchase does not include a pump. But, Barrie house always includes a gift with the purchase. Most of the time it will be a packet of coffee. Occasionally they include a pump.
Hello thanks for the question unfortunately not But I can get other flavors If you like.
Hey there Armyofficer'sWife, There are no carbs in this one since it is sugar free, with heavy cream instead of milk and you are good to go if you are on a no carb diet. Also Coconut oil is another good filler to put in your coffee with this syrup, but with the coconut oil, you must drink your coffee while it is hot and constantly stir it. It is a good "snack" if you will between meals and give you the coloric intake that you need to keep you going.This is all from my personal experience ;) In closing ... I give this syrup and all the other sugar free ones a 10 out of 10 for taste and cost!
These came in glass bottles.
This was taken from the Oregon Chai website: "A Sugar-Free Original Latte has approximately 30-35 mg of caffeine per serving (same as a lightly brewed cup of black tea)."
It says about 8. But that depends on the size you make
No. This is a latte liquid concentrate that you mix with milk. Chai K cups are powder that you mix with water. There is a chai K cup out there and I've used it but this is SO SO much better. You dump this liquid concentrate in about a half and half ratio. So 1/2 cup concentrate with 1/2 cup milk. After you have this I promise you you'll never want a Chai K cup again.
Yes. The exact expiration date is going to vary, depending on when you buy it. The boxes I bought in May 2014, for instance, have an expiration date in April 2015, so about 11 months. If your question is how long do these last after you open a box, that answer is four weeks. You must refrigerate the chai after you open it, and then, you have a month to use it up, per the specific use information on the package.
Oregon Chai - Sugar Free contains Sucralose. Ingredients are listed: Water, Organic Black Tea, Organic Vanilla, Organic Spices, Sucralose, and Citric Acid.
There is only 1 carb per half cup of this Sugar Free Chai, so I guess it would depend on how much milk you added and how many carbs in the milk.
We absolutely do sell this chai see this link: http://www.amazon.com/Oregon-Chai-Original-Latte-Conc/dp/B0001GSPDM/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A1YX5KD2JMWKU0
I drink it every day, but the dates on the carton is usually a year out. Once you open and put in the fridge, it says on the carton that you should use within 7 days of opening.
Inflation ;-) Shop around. At Nutiva website you can get a gallon (128 oz) for $69.99 with free shipping!
"EXTRA" virgin, when it is applied to coconut oil, is a meaningless marketing ploy. "There are essentially two types of coconut oil -- virgin and refined. Virgin coconut oil, or VCO, is made by pressing fresh coconut meat, milk or milk residue. Refined, bleached and deodorized, or RBD, oil is made from the coconut copra or dried kernel and may be chemically treated." http://www.livestrong.com/article/266229-what-is-the-difference-between-virgin-extra-virgin-coconut-oil/
Yes
The price has jumped up. When I got mine they ere $40 for the two. May be that when I listed the 80 uses for it they decided they were not getting enough for it. LOL
The following table presents smoke points of various fats: Fat Quality Smoke Point Almond oil 420F 216C Avocado oil Refined 520F 271C[5] Avocado oil Un-Refined, Virgin 375-400F 190-204C Butter 250-300F 121-149C Canola oil Expeller Press 375-450F[6] 190-232C Canola oil High Oleic 475F 246C Canola oil Refined 400F 204C[1] Castor oil Refined 392F 200C[7] Coconut oil Extra Virgin (Unrefined) 350F[8] 177C Coconut oil Refined 450F 232C Corn oil Unrefined 352F 178C[7] Corn oil Refined 450F 232C[1] Cottonseed oil 420F 216C[1] Flax seed oil Unrefined 225F 107C Ghee (Indian Clarified Butter) 485F 252C Grapeseed oil 420F 216C Hazelnut oil 430F 221C Hemp oil 330F 165C Lard 370F 188C Macadamia oil 413F 210C Mustard oil 489F 254C Olive oil Extra virgin 375F 191C Olive oil Virgin 391F 199C[7] Olive oil Pomace 460F 238C[1] Olive oil Extra light 468F 242C[1] Olive oil, high quality (low acidity) Extra virgin 405F 207C Palm oil Difractionated 455F 235C[9] Peanut oil Unrefined 320F 160C Peanut oil Refined 450F 232C[1] Rice bran oil 490F 254C Safflower oil Unrefined 225F 107C Safflower oil Semirefined 320F 160C Safflower oil Refined 510F 266C[1] Sesame oil Unrefined 350F 177C Sesame oil Semirefined 450F 232C Soybean oil Unrefined 320F 160C Soybean oil Semirefined 350F 177C Soybean oil Refined 460F 238C[1] Sunflower oil Unrefined 225F 107C Sunflower oil Semirefined 450F 232C Sunflower oil, high oleic Unrefined 320F 160C Sunflower oil Refined 440F 227C[1] Tea seed oil 485F 252C Vegetable shortening 360F 182C Walnut oil Unrefined 320F 160C Walnut oil Semirefined 400F 204C
Yes, and it works great. It has made a big difference in the health of my teeth. It took a little while to get the hang of oil-pulling, but now I do it without thinking while I do the dishes, cook, etc. I stopped for a while, and started having pain in some teeth again. When I started pulling again, my teeth got better. My dentist noticed the improvement. I add a drop or two of OregaDENT to the oil when I oil-pull; it has clove, cinnamon, and oregano oils. It makes my oil-pulling even more effective. (I bought it here on Amazon.) Be sure to spit the oil out in your garbage, not your sink. After pulling, I rinse with warm salt water and then brush. If I don't have time to oil-pull, I use a little coconut oil, baking soda, and an drop of the OregaDENT as toothpaste. Coconut oil is also a wonderful oil for massage. When I read the long paragraph of ingredients (loaded with chemicals) in the oil I was being massaged with, I switched to coconut oil and loved it! The gal who does the massages loves it too, and is using it now with other customers.
I had the exact same concern because the labeling says it's the same product. I did some research and was surprised by what I learned. According to what I read, it's only olive oil that is genuinely graded between virgin and extra virgin and apparently regarding organic coconut oil, there is no distinction whatever--only one kind! I was quite surprised but it does taste exactly the same as the old product which I have been using for about 7 years.
No. It smells like coconut when you are frying, however, it does not taste strong. It does taste different on an egg than butter or bacon grease would - so, I just started using half and half and then finally my taste accepted the change. Try it for popcorn. It is the absolute best oil to use for that. I love to take slices of sweet potato(already baked) and fry them in coconut oil until they brown a bit - my grandchildren love it.
No ma'am it comes in a plastic one
It seems Nutiva no longer offers a "raw" option, however it is "unrefined, cold-pressed, virgin" very similar, here is a link to the unavailable Nutiva raw http://amzn.com/B003J4R9DK
I have been frequenting the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf retail stores for years. I like my coffee to taste like it does when I place an order at the stores. When I add milk to my coffee for a latte' I use 2 heaping tablespoons. When I add the powder to black coffee I use 3 sometimes 4 heaping tablespoons. (This is for a 16 ounce cup of coffee) It really is preference! I would play with the taste until you find what works for you. Make sure you mix it good or it will be lumpy and will also become gummy at the bottom. I use a frother which works great! You can get one on amazon. Bonjour makes a great one! This powder is not only great in hot coffee but I love to blend it with cold, strong coffee or coffee extract and ice in the blender ( sometimes with milk) and blend it, it is also great in tea and the powder adds amazing flavor to smoothies! I hope this helps you?????????
Didn't purchase for health....it does a fine job of adding vanilla flavor to coffee drinks.
I use the powders in my coffee and they are wonderful, I prefer the sugar free for less sugar and fat. Needs to be used in hot beverages and stirred well. Great in hot milk too!!
No dark specks Martha....it's all white no discoloration. I use it to enhance vanilla tea. I don't like coffee, no doubt a flaw in my character, but never liked the taste, although it does smell good, so can't offer any comments in that regard. I buy this item about twice a year.
It is sweetened with artificial sweetener. I don't think it's bitter. Amazon only sells 3 cans together but the price is good.
No, it is a powdered milk
No, lavazza machines only
No. These are strictly for Lavazza BLUE systems and are incompatible with other capsule based machines such as CBTL, Keurig, etc.
No, they are not! I wish....
Most of the ingredients are natural, there are a few preservatives. When you do a side by side comparison, this product is so much healthier for you. I'm a fan of most but not all Walden Farms products but this one actually taste good. If you want to be REAL healthy make dressing from lemon juice, pepper and a splash of apple vinegar. The ingredients in this product is Triple filtered purified water, white distilled vinegar, apple cider vinegar, tomato paste, salt, minced garlic, chopped onion, chipotle, chipotle flavoring, cellulose gel, xanthan gum, chili powder, cumin, sucralose, lemon, food color, natural spices and flavorings, cayenne pepper, white pepper, potassium sorbate
Then it does.
No it is sweetened with suculose or splenda which has been found to cause a variety of harmful biological effects in the body, according to a new research review published in the Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health, Part B: Critical Reviews.
That is incorrect Ma'am. I looked on the Walden Farms website, they charge 4.99 for the Chipotle Ranch Dressing, and $8.95 for Shipping & Handling. http://www.waldenfarms.com/shipping.html - that is $13.94 delivered. OUR price is $10.04 delivered, almost $4.00 CHEAPER, we only charge 6.51 Shipping & Handling, $4.29 for the product. See this and the full line of Walden Farms products at Low Carb Cabana dot com.
Yes, it has black tea, which contains caffeine. The lemonade portion does not have caffeine, but since it's blended together there still is caffeine. Not as much as a full cup of coffee, but there is still caffeine.
brew the tea with the Keurig! pour tea in cup/glass and pour in ice!
According to the nutrition facts, it is Rebiana which is a sweetner from stevia and the sugars account for 16g per serving. I will say it is absolutely declicious.
My box of Sleepytime Tea has printed on it, "Best used by April 2016"" and I received it last month. I had another k-cup for a long while and I found that if I 'massaged' the cup, it was perfectly fine. I can't imagine it will go bad.
they work on ours
there are 10 calories in each container
Taste like regular half and half. Just ultrapasturized so it does not require refrigeration. Have to be able to use all within 3 months to make useful though
Hi I did not know the expiration date prior to purchase, but I suspected it was about 2-3 months based on other reviews that I read. My box had a 3 month expiration date and was plenty of time for 2 people to use during a 2 week cross-country drive. The product never went bad and we enjoyed fresh cream in our coffee every day!
Probably. They are shelf stable, though, so you don't even have to refrigerate them.
I think it would depend on the batch you purchased.
Yes, they are the same and just delicious! I will be ordering more and more...
From the manufacturer's site http://www.landolakes.com/product/2579/mini-moos-half-half: Ingredients: Half & Half, Sodium Citrate, DATEM, Tetra Sodium Pyrophosphate, and Carrageenan. CONTAINS: Milk
No, it is ultra pasteurized and does not require refrigeration.
It all depends upon what they send you when they fill your order. Mine had a shelf life of about a month from the date I received my order. Since I think these taste like icky canned milk, and I don't use them (I purchased them for my husband), we ended up throwing 3/4 of them away.
It tastes horrible. Like canned milk. But per Land O Lakes website, it is Kosher.
I make one cup per bag. This tea is fabulous. I would highly recommend it to someone who would like to try some new flavors. It's a wonderful variety with the standard teas included.
Nope. Just tea.
There are 40 assorted tea bags.
Yes. It's ingenius.
no - just hot water and a mug enjoy!
Not that I know of.
I can't remember, but we were well satisfied and reordered once and getting ready to do so again.
It is comporable
That is correct
the can's I have do not have an expiration date printed--Just a lot number. I've found that after about 6 months or so they tend to go flat. I think this is more because of varying room temperatures affecting the product rather than some degradation that happens in the can. I would also guess that at some point the seltzer would eat away at the aluminum which will affect the taste--seltzer is a tad corrosive.
It is a preservative.
There are no markings on the cans to indicate they are BPA free.
I don't believe it is lined. Looks silver inside.
Yes. This is well carbonated and it stays that way for a while once opened.
The nutrition label lists 0 mgs per can.
I had the grape soda. I do not know where it was canned. All I know is that it had no taste. A clear liquid without any grape flavor
Yes that's what it says on the can
They usually don't line soda cans with BPA, only acidic items like tomato juice and stuff. But it's a good question and I am still cautious about drinking from tin cans.
Their back label says "without gluten without lactose without apple juice/pulp Average values/100gms: 325 kcal; 4.1g/protein 0.1 Fat 77g/carbohydrates."
Yes
The ingredients are listed as follows: SUGAR, BROWN SUGAR SYRUP, WHEAT SYRUP, MODIFIED FOOD STARCH, LICORICE EXTRACT, GELATINE, AMMONIUM CHLORIDE, NATURAL FLAVORS
Yes I believe they are from Germany. I've bought other Katjes products from an International Candy store, and they were listed under Germany.
Arthur, There are Orange, Cinnamon, and Lemon flavors of this tea.
Mighty Gadget sells this product.
regular tea I think.
I didn't count them, but I'd say at least 40-50. I made three 250 ml. bottles of extract, using 5 beans per, and gave 15 away and still have about 1/3 of the package left.
I think it's a misprint, we actually had more beans than anticipated.
That's a good question! I am not sure but I have used them to make vanilla extract and it turned out amazing! Sorry I couldn't be more of a help!
No. If you ever tasted vanilla extract, it is not sweet.
I would think they would be fine....check to see if they are still pliable. If they are hard and brittle I wouldn't use them...
They are whole beans, about 6 inches long.
I'm not sure, but I know that the person who recommend these does a lot of research on a lot of foods, I can also say that I would not go back to using the bottled alcohol vanilla extract. These are the real vanilla bean with full flavor, I bought one package a year ago and the maintain their flavor. It delicious worth the price because it last a long time.
Bourbon vanilla bean refers to the island called Reunion, previously known as Bourbon. It's near Mauritius and most of the vanilla today is the Bourbon vanilla bean grown in Madagascar. There is no connection to the alcoholic beverage Bourbon. The beans are typically blanched in boiling water as a first step in the Bourbon-type vanilla curing process. Alcohol is added when used for creating an extract, not the curing of the beans.
6 boxes
No, it is 6 Boxes Total...........
Ready to eat my friend
Hi Melvin, I see what you are saying. Totally wrong weight. I don't charge shipping to specifically avoid issues like this because other merchants sometimes put in wrong product information. I've tried to change the weight on the listing, and it looks like it is correct now. Thanks for bringing that up! -Channells
They are Halal and vegetarian, but not sure if gluten free.
I ordered a bag of these. They're not chicken flavoured. These are the regular Maggi cubes. They taste closer to beef bullion, but it's not beef, either. They have an aromatic smell, almost like bullion mixed with coffee. According to the ingredients list, there are no animal products/flavours at all. I hope this helps!
It's from Holland as far back as I remember, which is a very long time. Maggi sauce is also from Holland. Those Dutchies certainly know what tastes good!
Yes, I think it contains a bit of salt. It's kinda like beef bouillon condensed in a cube. Anyway, I love it. My mom used it on almost everything when I was a kid at home :)
I am sorry, I do not
I don't know. How can you find out?
Easy, the blue plastic circle next to the handle is the spout. Pull it up, unscrew it and pour your oil. You may want to punch a very small hole in the opposite side to allow for air to escape which will prevent any gushing. Happy cooking.
It's a pull up plastic spout on the top. Just pull up once and then twist cap on and off for use. We use this to fill up a more convenient counter top pour bottle.
No
Yes. Greek olive oil tastes exceptionally good. Italian olive oil tastes ok. I don't remember Spanish olive oil right now.
It says, Premium Greek Quality; it is made in Kalamata, Greece, and the website is www.agrovim.gr
That is an excellent question for the seller.
The must is the fruit, sugar, and any liquid that you will be fermenting your wine from. It should be adjusted to an expected alcohol level of 15% Your yeast will go into hibernation at about 14%. If you are working with a wine kit that tells you to make 6 gallons of wine, make 5 gallons. you will have to leave the wine in the carboys for 3-5 months. The higher alcohol content will slow the fermentation down towards the end. This will make a superior wine that will age well and keep well. The extra sugar will result in a small amount of residual sugar that will increase the flavor and complexity of the wine many times. Every one that has tried my wine tell me that it is far better than the 30-50 dollar a bottle wine they have tried. Most tell me that it is the best wine they have ever tried. I use Lalvin EC 1118 for all my fermentations, and have been very happy with it. I have never had a stuck fermentation and it always takes off promptly and does a good job. I have never had a bad batch of wine. Temperature is not critical, but 75 degrees is optimal. Just sprinkle the yeast on top of the must and let it rest there for 15 minutes. then stir it into the must. It is important to have plenty of oxygen in the must the first 3 days. The yeast will not multiply its numbers without that. After 3 days you should restrict oxygen. If there is fruit or seeds or skins in your must, you should punch down the must every day. Do not let the must sit up out of the liquid or you run the risk of mold or bacteria invading your must. If you have any other questions feel free to ask. Larry
Use as is :)
Ingredients: Yeast, Emulsifier. That's it
I used dark green 3/4 liter bottles. Bought new corks and once sealed, dipped the tops in melted wax. Turned all bottles once a month. Opened a 4 year old bottle and it tasted better than fresh although a bit drier than the original. Stored in pitch black room in the basement at a steady 55-60 degrees.
Our product ships in a manilla colored bubble mailer.
It says one will do on the packet. I use 1.5.
I don't think there is a expiration date on the package. Just keep the yeast in the refrigerator for longer life, but do not freeze for this will damage the cell walls. I've kept yeast this way for well over a year.
DATE ON MY PKGS IS: 04-2017
I don't add the betonite until after the first racking.
I have had several packs over a year old and when used still be very active. hope this helps.
I contacted the company and they said that it their products contained both Non-GMO and GMO corn:(
There are only 3 ingredients: Corn flour, rice flour, mono and diglycerides. Because of the rice flour, the spaghetti is a little stickier than regular spaghetti noodles, but I find if I rinse it well in a colander before serving, it is fine. The taste is very good.
From the package: Total Carbs 45g 15%, Dietary Fiber 1g 4%, Sugars 0g
It's a rice and corn blend
Yes
I got a pack of 5 with my order. Good pasta.
Yes.
The 18 I just received have an April 2015 date
No, more on the bland and the boring side
I suppose it is the acidifier that I objected to in this product.
The Quinoa is pre cooked and ready to use. I've never had a sour taste. Check the expiration date on the container, if it's not expired, I would contact the vendor or Minsley for a refund.
Almost a year later, I can tell you it is still OK. My problem is in recommending this. I think I'll be telling others that it's still good 3 years later. That's because I wasn't that impressed with the flavor and texture of this item. I'm no longer using this although I have not yet maked the decision to just discard the remainder. I'm now trying to use this up by popping the corn in this oil.... It works OK for popping but I'll not be purchasing another gallon ever.
No. I have never heated it. I don't know any reason why you couldn't heat it but it isn't necessary.
I don't know about Great Northern, I have a 4oz Paramount model, but I would imagine it would be fine. I had bought the pre-packaged 4oz kits and was just using it at butter topping.. When I ran out of the kits, I bought some kernels and just used this, as the "oil" to cook it, and for the topping.. And works great!
I had mine out for almost a year.
It can be used for both. However, we have found that you get much superior results from cooking with the Snappy or Paragon coconut oil. It's a solid but performs better than this product which is soybean oil based. This produced many more unpopped kernels per batch than coconut oil and didn't taste as good per the opinion of many people in the office.
Like most things food related. It's a matter of taste. You may find you like it better. But for my money nothing tastes better than pure coconut oil topped with warm clarified butter.
Yup! I have a pump on mine as well, and it's a standard 1 1/4 opening.
If they don't even know if it is GMO or not I won't be buying it.
While we can't respond regarding orders that ship from Amazon directly, rest assured that all gifts that ship from Broadway Basketeers come along with a gift card.
Amazon does not currently offer that feature. However, if you contact Broadway Basketeers' after placing your order with your requested order date, we will work with you to ensure delivery on the date you prefer.
I gave this as a gift. The items were listed in the Amazon description, but there could be substitutions. The family receiving the gift enjoyed it.
We will deliver to the address yuo provide in your Amazon order. Just change the shipping address to who you want it shipped to. On gift baskets I never include invoice as I assume they are gpoing to the giftee
Probably because food items depend on delicate & sensitive production procedures & can end up being back-ordered & basket containers that come from China are impacted on weather related issues - just a guess
I'm afraid I don't know as I ordered them and had them delivered to someone as a gift. You should be able to get an answer to your question from the sellers, though. Sorry I can't be of more help.
No this is not a bpa free bottle
no this model is not bpa free, use this number B008C3LCRC for bpa free
It's hot BHA free - we got it for our daughters wedding - for folks to put $$ in for their Honeymoon Fund.
Bulrush, No it is not #7 (polycarbonate) you might look at a milk jug, I believe there number 2 , or a one gallon water jug.
It measures 13 3/4" tall x 10 1/4" round,for your info I also have the 2 gal and it is 14" tall
Yes each bag is individually wrapped.
I've not had newman's, but if you like black tea, you should like this.
Quality was mediocre compared to some Mighty Leaf or Stash or Tazo or Teavana. To me, wasn't worth the money. But teas vary in quality by batch and variety so if you want to try it go for it.
Hi Lolabelle69, We think 3 pack is a better choice. Thank you for contacting us. AFFORDABLEBUY.
Most teas do not necessarily provide caffeine levels but that information is readily available via the internet. I have provided a list of beverages that contain caffeine. Hope it helps. Black Tea Caffeine Content Comparison *Black Tea: 40 mg per serving (1 cup) *Green Tea: 20 mg per serving (1 cup) *Oolong Tea: 30 mg per serving (1 cup) *White Tea: 15 mg per serving (1 cup) *Coffee: 115 mg per serving (1 cup) *Espresso: 100 mg per serving (2 ounces) *Red Bull: 80 mg per can *Mountain Dew: 55 mg per can *Coke: 34 mg per can
Yes.
I've made ice tea with them if that's what you mean, but you might be talking about just letting them sit in cool water. I haven't tried that. The ice tea was delicious though.
each box contains 18 teabags - three boxes will be shipped to you, thus, 54 teabags total. Enjoy this great tea!!
Maybe what you are thinking of is Tripe? The Caul fat looks more like a spiderweb. It has some very sheer spots combined with long strands of the fat connecting them. Caul fat is used to wrap foods that need fat or otherwise might dry out. In Italy we use it to wrap pork or pork livers.
This is my first experience as well. I understand it can be frozen for several months although you may want to store it in individual packages. The order I received from Amazon came in 2 - 5 lb. packages. Check out the video from the HULU series Julia & Jacques cooking at home. Season 1, episode 17. Also do a net search How to use Caul Fat.
Joseph, The processor packages this in 10 lb cases because they ship to commercial purveyors, to package it in smaller units is not economical for this product. Also it is a frozen product so to ship smaller units would not be cost effective. I will tell you that it is almost "layered" so if you thaw the product to a pliable state you can break it up and re freeze in smaller units. Hope that helps Chef Z
This is pure rendered duck fat. Nothing is added to this product. Thanks, Bella Bella Gourmet
freezes very well
Duck fat, when refrigerated or frozen, can have an almost limitless shelf life much like butter or ghee. In the case of duck fat it will often be used for confit, strained and refrigerated for later use. It's probably listed as perishable because the likelihood it would go rancid in standard shipping without temperature control would be highly variable.
7 pounds or about 1 gallon
I have had it stored as long as 2 months with no problems at all. I'm sure it would keep longer. We just go through it pretty quickly as we use it for almost everything.
They come in 3 packs-red(strawberry), blue(tropical punch) and green(watermelon).
Robi...short answer there are 36 individual packs. 12 tropical punch, 12 watermelon, 12 strawberry. However, there are 12 big packets that contain one each of the above flavors. (12 big packs x 3 in each = 36 total packs)
Yes...you will receive 36 individual packets. They are just bunched 3 packets in a larger pack.
Each packet is .24 oz. There are three packets per unit.
the ones that we got seemed fresh
Correct.
Hi Melissa, Here is the answer to your question: Serving Size 4 fl oz (120ml/1/2 cup) Total Fat 0 0% % Servings per package 0 Sodium 0mg 0% % Calories 180 Total Carbohydrates 48g 16% % Calories from Fat 0 Sugar 45g Protein og -- Home of Coffee
shake well, mix 4 oz. of Torani mix with one cup of ice and blend. I include 6 oz. of water and 2 scoops of protein powder and sometimes a piece of cut up fruit.
The ingredients are as follows: water, sugar, raspberries, blackberry puree, blueberries, dextrin (soluble dietary fiber), natural flavors, guar gum, pectin,, xanthan gum, potassium sorbate (to preserve freshness), citric acid, ascorbic acid ( vitamin c), red 40, blue 1
in the proper order, they are:stawberries, water, sugar, dextrin(SOLUBLE DIETARY FIBER), natural flavors, citric acid, guar gum, potassium sorbate (to preserve freshness), ascorbic acid (vitamin C), Xanthan gum, red 40, blue 1. And it tastes great!
I prefer milk if its a protein smoothie, but juice works as well.
I could not give an accurate answer. However, I will tell you I use about four oz per smoothie. I also mix in Orange sorbet.
I'm not sure, but I don't see why not. Its a really good product.
1/2 cup is 150 calories.
Yes it does, and it has an expiration date on it too.
It is thick coming out so I don't think so. It makes EXCELLENT smoothies :) and great when you mix it with lemonade.
I'm not 100% but there was a lot of them...
yes. I think they lose a little of their potency but they'll keep for several months.
Hello, Unfortunately, we are unable to ship product into Canada. Thank you for your inquiry.
About 3 weeks
They were fresh. Awesome
Yes
Thank you for your inquiry Unfortunately we do not ship to Canada at this time. Regards, Customer Service For The Gourmet
The bag says, "all natural flavors and colors" If you want to call the company and ask what the source of the "natural colors" is: 888-375-6462. I have found them good to talk to. The suckers taste really good.
yes
On the package says 2 gram of xylitol per serving , on the nutrition chart it says 1 serving : 2 pieces. There is 1 gram of xylitol in one lollipop.
Around 50 lollys per pound.
No they are not
No,I think coconut water can not be concentrated.
I'm not sure -- I have been buying the VitaCoco lately and the box says Tawain.
Artificial sugar has not been added, but the coconut water itself has 11grams per serving.
Nutricity does, indeed, ship to the UK! Please just ensure that your items are able to be accepted according to your local customs laws.
I drink mine right away. It is okay to be opened for awhile, but since it's better refrigerated drink it like you would any other refrigerated beverage.
50 calories per serving, 1 serving per 11.2oz container
No , only fate opening them.
In general I like coconut water. I ended up buying coconut-pineapple and it wasn't what I expected. Won't buy again
"Naked" is the coconut water brand from Indonesia. I like it because it's not sweet like other brands that seem to add sugar.
As per the package, 30 calories per portion-one portion is half the package.
According the the package contents are: seaweed, expeller pressed canola oil, sesame oil, sea salt. It is gluten free and vegan. Sorry for the delay in response, I have been ill.
Silica Gel. PACKET - Fast and extra adsorbent silica gel. Meets FDA specifications for food and drug products. Provides superior adsorption. Remains dry at maximum saturation. Silica gel can adsorb 15% of its weight in water vapor in 2 hours.
Package says they are "Product of Korea."
2 servings per container. Amt. per serving calories is 30 total fax 2g saturated & trans fat 0g Sodium 50mg Carb 1g Dietery Fiber 1g Protein 1g. Had a 5 star review up there, but I no longer stand by that since I came across roasted seaweed snacks by Gimme Roasted Seaweed Snacks. Those are USDA certified Organic seaweed, organic sesame & organic sunflower oil & sea salt. I am much more comfortable with that brand's organic ingredients & personally love the sesame flavored kind. I made the switch. Nutrition info is listed for that brand here on Amazon.
Iodine in the seaweed would have taken care of the radiation.
It doesn't say, at least that I can see. As I stated in prior question about nutrition info, I made the switch to Gimme Roasted Seaweed Snacks Brand. It's USDA Organic uses organic seaweed & oils. Haven't tried all the flavors, but I personally love the sesame flavored myself, but check out the brand here on Amazon. search for GimMe roasted organic seaweed.
I ordered some on 12/17/13 and they arrived with a "Best if used by date" of 10/17/15. Hope that helps. I use the cream of mushroom primarily as a base for sauces. My family likes it.
Debbie, I understand your frustration as sometimes manufacturers and distributors will pull products out of retail stores for a variety of reasons. We at Quality Green Products do not sell to retailers, we sell only directly to consumers. What we can do is to have your favorite soup delivered directly to your door for a reasonable price ($34.90 plus shipping for a case of 12 containers (12 ounces each). Why not give us a try? Bill Miles - Customer Service - Quality Green Products
670mg or 28% on box of 12oz.
Chicken broth, creme fraiche, rice starch, cooked chicken, rice flour, sea salt, chicken fat, garlic powder, onion powder, rosemary extract. Contains: milk is noted but not percentage
The stamped expiration date is usually around two years in the future whenever I buy some. But honestly it never stays on our shelves long enough for me to test that.
Yes, that is correct; FYI the Cr of Mushroom has 670mg per 1/2 cup and Camp chick noodle 1/2 cup has 890mg; most soups are loaded with sodium; you got to pick your battles!
hello. the sodium content is listed as 850 mg/35% of daily requirement. 12 ounce box. hope that helps.
There is a picture, but it didn't fit in the main view. Click one of the alternate pictures instead of rolling over it to see all pictures associated with the product. The picture matches the packages in my cupboard except they have changed it to about 2.5 servings per carton instead of 3 as shown in the picture.
Not that I am aware of. Vitacost.com has lots of Pacific Natural Foods items, but I didn't see any chicken pot pie soup. Also couldn't get on Pacific Foods website, some type of error.
Yes
its stamped on the tub. Generally they're good for 2 years so you can stock up when on sale like I used to. Been long time.......I was paying $16 a tub on sale
It should say on the foil wrapper! But once opened it is only good for 30 days.
the expire date is July 01, 2014;
You get six tubs for 143$ which is a good deal. its a quality formula and its about as cheap as youre gonna find. i was paying roughly $20-24 a tub a year ago and works out to about .80 an ounce. Not cheap, but my son thrived and rarely threw up alot and was gentle on his tummy. I remember like 2 scoops for every 4 ounces so it was like 4 per 8 oz bottle. its pricey no matter what. the box with 2 refill bags for $35 is good, but they are smaller than the tubs also
YES, USPS
Gelatin (or gelatine, from Latin: gelatus = stiff, frozen) is a translucent, colorless, brittle (when dry), flavorless solid substance, derived from collagen obtained from various animal by-products. It is commonly used as a gelling agent in food, pharmaceuticals, photography, and cosmetic manufacturing. Substances containing gelatin or functioning in a similar way are called gelatinous. Gelatin is an irreversibly hydrolysed form of collagen, and is classified as a foodstuff. It is found in most gummy candies as well as other products such as marshmallows, gelatin dessert, and some ice cream, dip and yogurt. Household gelatin comes in the form of sheets, granules, or powder. Instant types can be added to the food as they are; others need to be soaked in water beforehand. Pectin (from Ancient Greek: &#960;&#951;&#954;&#964;&#953;&#954;&#972;&#962; p&#275;ktiks, "congealed, curdled"[1]) is a structural heteropolysaccharide contained in the primary cell walls of terrestrial plants. It was first isolated and described in 1825 by Henri Braconnot.[2] It is produced commercially as a white to light brown powder, mainly extracted from citrus fruits, and is used in food as a gelling agent particularly in jams and jellies. It is also used in fillings, medicines, sweets, as a stabilizer in fruit juices and milk drinks, and as a source of dietary fiber.
It is made from the underside of animals skins. It is very clean and safe. It uses only animals that are raised for food. Knox brand is the original and has a proven track record over 100 years. It does help nails, but even better, it is great for your joints and hair. Take it every day, in any way you desire. I have been using it every day for 12 years.
Since it is packaged by weight and not by volume, you would need to dump it out and measure out the 4.5 teaspoons. 1 individual package is approximately 2 teaspoons (but not exact) (3 teaspoons equal 1 tablespoon). It should not take more than one box.
No
More than I'm using, apparently. I'm taking one tablespoon a day and not seeing much strengthening, but my knee is better.
I have used this product for many years and it has definitely improved my nails.
It works fine just use 3 tbsp. as you would with a small packet of Jell-O, stir with 1 cup boiling water for 2 minutes, then add a cup of cold water, mix well and refrigerate.
Hello, We are not able to change the delivery frequency Best regards
I would look up the weight or content amount of one envelope. I am sure you can find that on the Internet or go to a grocery store and look at a box. It will tell you the amount of envelopes and weight. Then, just measure it out of the container.
Don't know that answer but I love the product. Worked wonders on my horses feet
The cruet holds about 2 cups of salad dressing a goodly amount for the dining table. Easy to mix in and easy and nice looking to serve from. A wonderful choice and you can fill it with any kind of salad dressing, even homemade. Hope this helps! K
Glass, and very good quality!
It's basically just plain glass with a snap on plastic cap and looks just like the picture on the box if you look closely!
Yes, I was surprised, but it was. I am giving the second cruet to my son- the one I had before I order this one lasted for over 30 years-I think. The plastic top finally fell apart.
Cap Broke very easily.... dropped the Empty bottle one time. What a shame. Cheaply made cap, minimal threads.... And no replacements to be found.
it is 6 1/2 inches wide and 11 1/2 inches tall.
I think that hot boiling water and bleach is a good ideai need to try. But I just put dishwashing liquid in it and shake it around let it sit overnight then rinse it out in the morning
It is really light. ot does not have much weight in it. It is of a good material. It has fallen on the floor with water in it and it hasn't broke.
USA
i love it too! also had to replace the lid. i used a cap from a vitamin bottle.
Yes it will
A lid from a white plastic vitamin bottle will fit, but leaks. You have to put a piece of paper towel under the lid for a tight fit.
No
Im not sure but beware, the cap grows mold unless you scrub it down. Nothing like a Alger bottle.
I just checked a bottle from my last shipment - 8FL. but the "serving size" is different - make sure thats not what you are looking at.
info on bottle says 1.5 servings per container; 24 cals per serving, 38 cals if u use the whole bottle.
Personally...I do not like it at all..I can't say that someone else won't.
On Amazon search type Q Tonic 094922786043 , 750 ml OR Q Tonic 750 ml
Bottles came in 4 packs. All neatly organized in shipping box with air packs that when I got them all the bottles were in perfect condition.
8oz
The product title suggests 12 cans. Though the current reseller seems to be charging quite a lot for only 12.
It seems as though it's a 12 pack of single cans. So 12 cans in total. I can't be sure as I didn't order it from here. I would recommend contacting the seller directly to find out.
Twelve packs!
It is not sticky if you spill it. It is the same as spilling flat water because it does not contain sweeteners.
No, not these.
Yep, and you'll be glad there are because these disappear in the blink of an eye! Especially the pink lemonade flavor!
I don't understand the question.
Yes!
These are the same as the hard candies - they just have a stick in them!
List of ingredients on the package: CRANBERRY, SUGAR. Refined sunflower oil is used as a processing aid.
Great observation...we have access to an unsweetened 5# bulk pack. I will be pulling a sample to verify that it is truly a no-added sugar item before listing. If it meets these standards I will direct you to the amazon code. Thank you for your suggestion. (give me till Friday this week to verify) Coleman Supply
I looked on a package of Trader Joe's dried cranberries and it lists carbs @ 33g per 1/4 cup.
Serving size 1/3 cup (40g); Sugars 25g
I would not attempt to predict what date they would send you. Normally it is that year's crop. I have one bag in my freezer that expired 7/2012 & is still good. Used it the other day to make Cranbread. I do know if you let the bag sit on a shelf @ 65F 8-12 months, the berries loose something in taste & quality. Thus why I freeze them. If this answer doesn't help, I would contact Bayside Candy (supplier of the one's I bought) asking them for the expiration dates on the current shipped lot.
It just has stevia and inulin (dietary fiber). There is nothing really wrong with that. This is actually the purest I've seen. Most other companies have either dextrose or maltodextrin which are both refined sugars
It is marked as made in the USA, organic stevia leaves and NON GMO.
I have not found there to be one. I really enjoy it. I do use only 1/3 of a packet and not a whole packet as I have with other sweeteners.
10/17
Not at all. Stevia, unlike Aspartame and other sugar substitutes, does not have an after taste.
It was cheaper than the other forms offered on Amazon. I did not look anyplace else.
I haven't had any problems with the individual packets and I buy them in large quantities.
yes. Unless you particularily like to use the packets your best buy is the 4oz jar which I'm not sure Amazon carries. I have found it at Wegmans and various grocery stores.
You are absolutely right. I was mixing packets with ounces. So, I would say that is a question for Amazon advertising. I wasn't paying attention when I ordered. I just knew I wants the product and the price per box seemed fair. So, you may want to ask amazon.
210. JustLikeI UsedToGetInTheStore.
Two cups (16 oz.) of water
I took out a packet, and read that if you use "half a packet", it is 5 calories. Well I usually reuse a plastic bottle that holds 20 ounces of water, and put in a whole packet. That would make ten calories for a 20 ounce bottle. Hope that is helpful.
Yes, it does.
I don't think the ocean Spray product has any fiber in it.
16-20 works nicely
Interesting question posed! I look on the side of the box and right there in black and white is not only the ingredients list but also the nutrition panel. As a diabetic, I've come to expect aspartame in nearly any drink that's labeled 'Sugar Free' Actually, sugar free ONLY means there is no sugar in it, not unsweetened.
I think the bottled version is sweeter
Am not familiar with stores in Milwaukee. I sell this product on Amazon. Lighthouse Enterprise.
Aspartame
This is a South African tea blend. It's a strong black tea, good for breakfast. It is similar in taste to an English Breakfast or Irish Breakfast tea.
No
I have no clue! I never look for expiration dates, much less on tea bags.....
It expires this coming December.
The box is not the same as the ones I got. The ones I did get were very good. But not sure why the box has a different label???? I don't know if I would order it again, til I read a few more reviews........
blenk fulao
I don't know exactly, but I am a calorie counter and I wouldn't have eaten sugar laden cereal. It is definitely high in fiber, and flavor. I noticed that Kroger has Barbara's cereals. You might check the label there and satisfy your curiosity.
I just checked the box & it is not gluten free. Also, this is on their website: http://www.barbarasbakery.com/specialdiets/
sushi bar style has green tea powder in. more green color. but i like this tea more. i get clean feeling whole mouth after drink this tea more. do not use boiled water and dont leave tea bag in cup. it makes bitter. put little less hot water (just before boil), the taste become mild. hope this help
They're white foil packets with green printing.
That is affirmative.
From information on the Yamamotoyama website I think this low cost tea from them may be grown on a plantation in Brazil. Others of their teas come from specific plantations in Japan but I don't think this one does.
Yes, and we don't ship expired products.
the box says "Salt, spices(incl. paprika) dehydrated onion, herbs, dehydrated garlic, spice extractives (incl paprika & capsium) calcium silicate to allow free flow."
It's 6 oz. It's comparative in size to Cajun/creole seasonings in stores. For a visual it is larger than a Clabber Girl Baking powder container. If that helps. There are many servings in the container. I'm not sure what the Amazon price, it is $5 on the Duck Commander store.
really hot and spicy.
Salt, spices (incl. paprika), dehydrated onion, herbs, dehydrated garlic, spice extractives (incl. paprika & capsium). Calcium Silicate to allow free flow. Allergy information: Manufactured in a facility that processes dehydrated milk, soy protein and wheat flour products.
1/2 tsp serving size with 290 mg of sodium
There is no mention of gluten free anywhere on the label. They do mention it was produced in a factory that also produces soy and wheat products. Probably not worth taking the chance. Check out Cabelas "Open Season" spice blends. They are excellent and are gluten free and no MSG and naturally low in sodium. Good Luck!
You can use this for pancakes but they break very easily, so I would only use it as 30% of the flour mix, maybe add rice flour and almond... I usually buy gluten free pancake mix and I add few spoons of my coconut flour to it for flavor and protein. Hope that helps.
First of all...coconut flour absorbs three times in volume when used with liquid. It is not for use as a creamer. It is used in place of regular flour in baking or as a thickener for gravies. Hope that helps you.
Coconut flour is best if left at room temperature in an air-tight container. No need for refrigeration/freezing! You can put it in the fridge if you have trouble with lesser-grain beetles getting into things or pests. Just make sure it is well-sealed. Edit: Let me also add it depends what kind of climate you live in. If you routinely have high temperatures plus humidity, keep it in the fridge. If you have a temperature-controlled living space, then it's okay to store at room temp.
At least a year or longer
It's cardboard
serving size 2T,60 cal, 1.5g fat, 10g carbs. .4mg iron no vitamin A or C also no calcium, sodium or potassium
It doesn't state that on the label. You could contact them at 888-369-3393 or their website www.coconutsecret.com
organic coconut flour
Two tablespoons contain 3.5g.
Product of the Phillipines. Certified organic by OCIA.
I have never tried to use it with yeast, but I think it could work; I would recommend using hot enough water at first to "melt" the cyrstals then once the temp. is lukewarm, add the yeast. Please let me know if it works for you.
I have not tried Trader Joe's Coconut Sugar. I use the Coconut Crystals in oatmeal and also in baking. To me, it tastes more like a very light brown sugar, but not as sweet.
No. Coconut aminos would replace the equivalent of soy sauce, tamari and the like. Think Bragg's Liquid Aminos.
It disolves if left a few minutes.
This is what I found in research. Coconut sugar and palm sugar may or may not be the same thing, depending on which company you're looking at. "Coconut Palm Sugar" is made from the coconut palm tree, the same tree that grows coconuts for other purposes (the "cocos nucifera" tree). Just plain "palm sugar" may be made from the same coconut tree, or it may be made from one of two other varieties of palm trees which also produce a sweet nectar (the Palmyra/Borassus palm tree or Aren palm tree). Yes, these are all the same thing: coconut sugar coconut palm sugar coconut sap (if it's crystalized) coconut crystals Coconut nectar, the liquid form, is the same stuff as the crystals as well. Palm sugar is from a different type of palm (although still not the variety of palm from which palm oil is procured), but is processed in the same way. Palm sugar may also be called aren sugar or aren palm sugar (meaning it's made from the aren sugar palm tree). So coconut sugar and palm sugar may be different in origin, but ultimately sound about as similar as beet sugar is to cane sugar, both of which are sold as "white sugar," and you'd never know the difference unless you tried to make a Crme Brule. (more here) From what I can gather, the words "dehydrated" and "evaporated" on your packages shouldn't mean any difference when you're talking coconut sweeteners. (Sometimes it does in the case of rapadura vs. evaporated cane juice, for example.)
I don't see anything on the container. Also, since honey and maple syrup are not allowed I think the same must hold true for crystals from palm sap.
I use this in place of sugar where a dry sweetener is needed. It is coconut 'crystals' and does not taste like coconut--just gives a sweet taste. I use the nectar in smoothies more, neither tastes like coconut, but some recipes 'suggest' a dry sweetener is better for consistency in their recipe.
Yes
We do carry grapeseed oil. The ASIN is B003M96ZLY We also carry buckwheat flour in different brands. The ASIN is ASIN: B0019GVBTS
The Phillipines...USDA Organic
May 14, 2015
November 22, 2014
Sure, these have a best buy date of February 2014, we have new stock coming in constantly though so once this batch have gone the next lot will have a longer best buy date. Thanks!
Depends on the shipping, but 7 to 10 days is a good estimate of when they would arrive.
Yes...I received my last order three weeks ago and the "Best by" date is Nov. 2013
No bones or skin. I would still check for stray pin bones before serving/eating. Very high quality product.
Yes, free of BPA according to the Trident Seafoods web site at http://www.tridentseafoods.com/retail/canned_products.php#5
You need to use a can opener.
The cans I bought do not have a recipe on them.
yes...enjoy the bones!?!
several years out from purchase
I'm guessing about the exact location of their processing, but Bear & Wolf was acquired in 2008 by Trident Seafoolds Corporation. At that time, Bear & Wolf's processing plant was in Cordova, Alaska. Trident has other processing plants, mostly in Alaska, and their corporate headquarters is in Seattle, WA. Product states "Made in USA."
This product is 100 percent wild Alaskan salmon and contains no gluten.
Expiration date on mine is "Best by August 2017"
Sorry, the can and packaging only says Alaskan Pink Salmon it is the best salmon I have ever used. Absolutely NO waste. Great, fresh taste...always. I have ordered many times.
Cannot say as we ate them December last year. But I do not think it was less than 6 months as at that time
There are 6 packs of twelve.
Hi David, yes you do get 6 boxes with 12 candy canes in each box for the price listed on the product page.
it is a tomato pulper....it's function is to extract a puree from raw or blanched tomatoes. I know of no device which powders vegetables.
Hold the filter with a dish cloth and push in and turn towards you. It should release. Once released from the unit you an pull the propeller out of the filter.
Yes. It processes out the seeds and skin. I just wash, quarter or half, and run through. Worked great!
we did reprocess this year and sauce was a bit thicker.
There is .75 ounces per bottle. So less then an ounce per bottle. They are small. They are good.
Yes.
Yes they are plastic bottles.
No caramel coloring. Ingredients are water, alcohol and natural maple flavoring.
Ingredients listed are: Water, Alcohol, and Natural Maple Flavoring. Website on bottle: www.arizonavanilla.com
I do not know. It wasn't listed on the product specs as being gluten free. It is, however; a very good maple flavoring!
The reason I purchased this was because they no longer make Kraft red wine vinaigrette. Its a poor substitute. Lacked flavor & color. I use it to make this chicken dish that when done would turn the chicken pink (when I used Kraft). Now with Pfeiffer, the chicken has no color...can no longer call the dish "pink chicken". Kraft needs to bring theirs back!
soybean oil not any olive oil
My 6 bottles were not controlled either but I am used to this. Whenever I found these in my shop rite in the past - this particular flavor did not have a controlled stopper. So you have to be careful when pouring it out.
my understanding is that if it is labeled 'organic' it has to be non-GMO. These wheat berries are EXCELLENT by the way.
I don't know the answer to that question. But I can tell you that "Handy Pantry's" Hard White Wheat is the best wheat I've ever bought. I'm sure their website will have all that answer. www.handypantry.com
I believe that is correct. There was some experimental gmo wheat that got loose out west a few years ago I think, but none is being commercially grown yet that I know of.
Non-GMO.
Yes it is very well sealed. You will need a 5 gal. container top remover tool. There is a rubber seal on the cover. I think I read where the wheat will stay good for 30 years.
I haven't tried but I assume you can it is wheat seed and I think I read some where that you can
From data on the Handy Pantry website, it seems that their products are grown in the USA and Canada. http://www.handypantry.com/faq
I understand it will be more than 10 years. When I opened mine I ground about 4 pounds and then sealed the rest of the berries in mylar bags with oxygen packs to keep it fresh until I needed to grind more flour.
The higher price listed over $12.99 is when Tim Hortons is out of stock and the other seller (not Tim Hortons) is set as the default seller. For some reason amazon runs out of stock and then after a few weeks its back. I always order 4 bags at a time so I don't run out. I really wish they had a subscribe and save agreement with Tim Hortons. After switching to Eight O'Clock beans for a number of months, I found that Sam's Club carries this 2pound Tim Horton's product in their stores for $12.88 per bag. Check their website to see if it's available to you locally.
Trevor, I am a proud Canadien and American. I lived 16 years in Canada and know Tim Hortons very well. Tim Hortons has 3 grades of coffee and that is why sometimes the coffee taste different. As for these beans, it well depend on how much you grind it as well as the amount of beans you use. Always fresh grind right before brewing, keep the coffee in the freezer and most important once it done brewing, dump the filter. The beans I find is top grade and this is what I do. I find the coffee has a nice round and smooth flavour. I am picky about coffee and drink it black. Also, I use crusinart coffee maker because it brews slower. The slower the brew the better the taste. Plus if the burner is to high, it will burn the coffee. I hope this helps and sorry about the long winded answer-
I have stored it for a few months at a time. Especially, if you don't open the bag, it will stay fresh much longer. It should have an expiration date. It has always tasted fresh to me.
tim hortons is the best
Not available in Oklahoma
That's not an expiration date, that is the date when it was made. It will still be fresh, because it's in a sealed bag.
That's what I'd like to know! That is just plain crazy .i can have my sister ship it from back home (New York) it's $12.99 for a 2 lb. bag of whole bean at SAMs club
Hi I am not sure but you can go to Tim Hortons web site and ask the question there. Barry
The same has happened to me the last two attempts I have made to purchase the 2 pound packages. I feel that it indicates poor business practices that will alienate customers. One bonus was that I found a very similar blend at the local Fred Meyer (Kroger) store albeit slightly more expensive.
The Tim Hortons is a light roast so not as rich as other roasts. I think it has a very good flavor, but if you want a richer flavor you may need to use more coffee per cup. I don't know anything about expresso machines. If you want a richer, darker roast, try the Bali Blue Moon, which I also like.
As much as any other food helps your body do stuff, sure. If someone led you to believe you can eat something and it will make your hair grow faster, you can put some of this oil on your hand before you slap them.
There is more detail on the bottle itself than pressing. It is plastic with notes on bottle that is is 100% recyclable PET plastic which is more sustainable. It is further noted that bottle is protected by UV and oxygen barriers that give the product an extended shelf life comparable to that of glass. As far as press date, I did not see any provided. Just a best by date.
The lid/top screws off to expose a neat spring action spout to drizzle the oil. The spout does NOT screw off and is somehow a part of the bottle and cannot be removed for reuse.
I looked and could not see any harvest date on my bottle.
I have as I have Chemical Injury so have to use natural things. Hope it works for you also.
No, this EVOO is not filtered mechanically. It is "racked" which means that sediments are separated naturally, using gravity, by storing the EVOO in stainless steel tanks for about 2 months after pressing...
yes but don't forget to wash in the bowl.. flush thrice
Unopened bag will store almost indefinitely keep it in a cool place. I put the open bag in a mason jar and have stored it in my refrigerator up to two years without noticeable deterioration. Be sure to proof your yeast as you use it, that is the best way to know your rise will be right. Hope this helps, John
The yeast is added to the water (water temperature between 110 and 120 degrees) until yeast stops rising to the top. This is then added to the rest of the ingredients.
yes the un-opened can be stored at room temp. I usually keep opened yeast in Tupperware container and keep refilling an old yeast jar I kept from years ago.
Yes, you can store it unopened in a pantry. I haven't tried storing it in the freezer or in mason jars. But once opened I keep it in the fridge.
Yes it is gluten free. From Red Stars website; Yes. All of our baker's yeast products are gluten free, and are produced in a dedicated facility. They do not contain wheat gluten or other cereal protein that cause allergic reactions in people with gluten intolerance.
I looked this stuff up a long time ago. I wanted a low carb cream powder for coffee which it was but I had trouble finding the calories which was what I cared about. I can't begin to find this stuff again but it was like 33calories a tablespoon and very little carbs- hope that helped a little
I used a 1 to 1 or 1 to 2 part powder to H2o ratio. Depends on what you are using it for. It is not fond of mixing in hot water - I had bought it to use as coffee creamer. It would clump in hot coffee. I got to where I would put a spoon of powder and water in the mug, mix it until it was dissolved, then add coffee.
There is no country of origin on the label. There is a website for product info. Www.artistre.info
Anita, how much is a Costco membership? How far is the closest Costco? How much time does it take to drive to Costco? How much does it cost to ship a package that weighs four pounds? How much is your time worth? Those are our factors for pricing. Thank you for the question. These cookies are awesome! My wife and love them. Have a great day!
It should be. If you tried to purchase it but couldn't buy the shipping let us know and we will fix the problem.
Not wrapped individually, but in two seperate trays.
Hi Gopal, eggs are used in the production of these cookies. Here is the ingredients list: sugar, unbleached wheat flour, chocolate liquor, cocoa butter, vegetable shortening (palm fat, coconut fat (tree nuts) and palm kernel fat), skim milk, contains 2 percent or less of butterfat, butter, wheat syrup, vegetable oil (sunflower oil, palm oil and canola oil), wheat starch, cocoa processed with alkali, dextrose, hazelnut paste (tree nuts), lactose, emulsifiers (soy lecithin, mono and diglycerides of fatty acids), whey permeate (from milk), egg whites, leavening (ammonium bicarbonate, sodium bicarbonate, sodium acid pyrophosphate), hazelnuts (tree nuts), salt, coffee, cocoa, egg yolks, milk, natural flavors (vanilla, hazelnut, caramel, coffee), dried whey (from milk), barley malt extract, caramelized sugar syrup, eggs, yeast, spices, lemon peel, acidifier (citric acid). I hope this helps!
11 1/4" x 8" x 4"
What is GMO? All I know is the cookies were delicious and arrive with no broken cookies :o)
Um.. we finished these last Christmas; My fiance is the one who ate most of ;em =) He thinks in the tin's two layers there were between 100-150 individual cookies. He says the amount was fair because he loved them. I think he's planning on us getting more this year.
I don' know, but the chocolate ensures that there are plenty of calories.
Yes, These cookies are covered with different chocolates like white chocolate, butter chocolate, dark chocolate, and milk chocolate. They are very tasty. You gonna love it.
I think we can do that. Just email the massage and we will print out and include it in package. :)
Not sure about the relationship between "natural yeast extract" and MSG... Here are the INGREDIENTS: NATURAL YEAST EXTRACT (YEAST, SALT), CARROTS, ONIONS, TURMERIC ROOT, PARSLEY, LEEK, NUTMEG, GARLIC, LOVAGE, CELERY, PEPPER, BALM. DILL, PAPRIKA, ROSEMARY, MUSTARD. Serving Size 1 tsp. (3.5g) makes 1 Cup Servings Per Container about 40 10 Calories, Calories from Fat 0, Total Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg Sodium 420mg (17%) Total Carbohydrate 0g Dietary Fiber 0g Sugars 0g Protein 2g Information: The yeastpowder is naturally dryed and comes from selected natural yeast. Lovage is a very popular European garden herb which is used as an all natural flavor enhancer. UPC-CODE 7 34492 70345 2 1 CS is 6 UNITS each 5 OZ Shelf Life 12 Months
The jar says it is Vegan, but it does not state Kosher.
I know this one is or I wouldn't have bought it. I checked on the product there is no corn in this one, however I am not sure what you mean by which ones as I have only bought this one......hope this helps
I'm not sure, I bought it for my son who is a vegan. I thought it was vegan chicken soup. Didn't realize it was just broth.
Hello, At the moment, I do not have one in my pantry, having JUST moved within the last week. However, the value to me was that 1) it was Gluten free and 2) it really is the best Chicken Base I have used, GF or not. I would buy it just on the flavor merit alone. I am sorry I cannot give you specifics.
Way past your wedding. I bought 3 large jars for my wedding back in august 2012 and just checked leftover jar - it is good until July 2015. Really awesome product, makes drinks look and taste amazing and all guests are very impressed. I recommend it highly.
Miami,Florida
Sorry we only ship in the United States. Thank you for your interest Customer Service
Yes it does, I put it in my champagne and it taste great
Yes, Just flowers and sugar.
Yes!
According to the label 1 teaspoon = 140 mg sodium so a tablespoon would have 3 x 140 = 420 mg of sodium
Serving size 1 tsp per serving. 75 servings per container.
Yes, the container is recyclable. There are no glass containers version of our products at this moment.
No it does not. Non-Gmo, organic soy grits, soy flour, organic potato flour, pea powder. Onion powder, expeller-pressed soy oil, sea salt, ground carrot, alfalfa, minced onions, turmeric, celery sees, parsley, natural maltodextrin, spinach powder, kale powder, and white pepper. I would like to add though that oddly, in my opinion this has more of a fake taste than vegetable bullion cubes.
1 container with about 75 servings
Nope. It is shelf stable.
Yes, it has "certified vegan" on the label
I found to be safe 22.45 gallons per capsule, anymore and your pushing it.
Absolutely!
Look Like plastic - gag gift
I havn't but I assume that it will not alter the taste in any manner.
Fast. Just add water :)
If this is a serious question, no there isn't a kosher certification.
The order I received was.
No they are all multicolor in each strand and all prepacked
yes these are individually packaged. I used them for a candy bar at a birthday party and they were a big hit
No expiration date
Company in Omaha NE made in china
Having this come in the mail was a great and excited arrival. The went after them right away and loved every bite. What they didn't eat that day was used as a treat for little children with costumes on for the evening of October 31st. All of the children were excited by the different type of candy handed out. It was so much different than the usual that all the children were excited.
The Essential Depot website says this in their product description: "You can use it ... in the formation of various gluten free low-calorie foods." So, on their website, THEY say it IS gluten-free.
It does not say on the bag. It does say ..."finest certified E415 USP FCC Food Grade Xanthan Gum Powder available for FOOD and Cosmetic use." Here is the Material Safety Data Sheet : http://www.essentialdepot.com/msds/xanthangum-msds.pdf
Yes
Bravo, Shelley Collett! At last somebody makes a clear and useful contribution here. The manufacturer's "Material Safety Data Sheet" that Shelley Collet suggests, http://www.essentialdepot.com/msds/xanthangum-msds.pdf does explicitly state in Section 16: &gt; The following allergens are not present: &gt; * cereals containing gluten &gt; * ... [plus a list of other allergens like soy, peanuts, etc.] But don't take my word for it. Copy the link and go read about it yourself. Myself, as a person recently diagnosed with Celiacs and feeling my way into the Gluten-Free world, I've been astounded what tiny traces of wheat can have devastating consequences. Here, since someone actually did track down the relevant manufacturer's information, one is not likely to encounter any unpleasant surprises. Still, my suggestion is that if you have any hesitation or suspicions whatsoever, it might be wiser to select an alternative. The web site sales pitch quoted above by C. Bandi, for all it's bland, reassuring generalities about "all natural" xanthan gum, never explicitly states that this is not the variety of xanthan cultured from wheat. I'd feel a whole lot better about it if the package simply label stated "Gluten-Free" in bold type. While the Material Safety Data Sheet provides a super-abundance of data, it avoids ever specifying where this product is made. Most often, that omission indicates "made in China," where lax inspections have been known to allow dry wall plaster to be packaged as "infant formula." (!!!) Elsewhere in the Safety Data Sheet, the manufacturer specifies at least twice that "Food Grade designation in no way implies that the product is safe for human consumption." They only commit to 95% purity and furthermore--besides allowing that gastro-intestinal distress is possible--the makers caution, for example, that one needs to wear safety glasses with side shields when handling the product among other dire-sounding warnings. No independent testing laboratory is mentioned. We are asked to take the company's word for everything, and even then they deny any and all responsibility for the product's purity or safety. Sure, all those disclaimers are there to protect the manufacturer from any product liability, but glancing through the material was enough to convince me to keep looking for another option, ideally one from a better known source not so coy about where the stuff comes from. True, this product is less expensive per ounce than widely trusted brands, but only a small amount of the substance is needed to hold a wheat-free batter or dough together, and for the ordinary home baker, an entire pound could easily outlast the product's stamped expiration date. On the listing for Bob's Red Mill Xanthan, an enthusiastic baker reports 8 ounces ( pound) to be a generous supply for six months. If for peace of mind alone, I'm choosing a different brand.
Don't purchase this product, I bought mine on 1/15/14, and it had already expired. Expiration date was 6/30/13. The third party seller does not accept returns (which I understand for a food product), but they don't replace the product either. Amazon was kind enough to issue me a refund and recommended I only purchase items that are full filled by them directly for these types of products.
I bought this product because I am on a Carb Diet and was looking for something to help me thicken the Gravies and Soups I love so much without all that added Carb. Reviews were great. But this is a waste of 18 some dollars I paid. In the end, it did not thicken it at all. Plus when it arrived, there was a small hole in the bag and some of it had spilled in the box in came in. I would highly recommend you save your money. If you want to give it a try anyways, you can find this product at most Health Food Stores for a little less. But again, I would never buy it again. Hope this helps you.
April 23 2016
Yes. Google it to confirm.
I bought mine a couple of months ago. It has a use by date of 10/10/16
Mine expires 7/16/2016
I save 15% on s&s - $10.61.
One bar per individual package. Assorted flavors.
yes
Yes. All 3 different flavors are .78 oz. each.
I got them about a week ago and the exp. date is March 13, 2014 which of course they will be gone by then. Love em
No, I do not think it is...I believe there should have been four 8.8 oz. boxes. I think you should let the shipper or vendor know.
They Contain. Wheat, Milk, Eggs. May contain traces of tree nuts and Soy.... So YES....they have eggs....Also have unbleached flour,sugar, butter (milk)eggs, salt, ammonium Bicarbonate. No Artifical colors or Flavors, and no Preservatives.
4
300 mg sodium and 2 g sugar. These are really good. I eat them frequently. If you are worried about salt, just rinse them well which is what I do with all my canned veggies. Enjoy.
Hi Larry, Unfortunately, it doesn't say that. I wish it did. It says that they are distributed by Seneca Foods Corp in Marion, NY. They have a website where you might be able to find out more information. It's www.senecafoods.com . Your question reminds me that I saw an article a couple of weeks ago in Newsmax Health that said that some manufacturers who advertise a product as BPA-free sometimes switch to plastics that are even worse so they can say that they are BPA-free. Being health conscious, you might want to look that up. In the meantime, although I wish these came in another kind of container, I'm grateful, at least, to have green beans that aren't GMO and that aren't saturated with pesticides. These are very convenient and taste good for canned green beans. Hope this helps. -Ann
I didn't find any stems, but maybe they would have given these string beans some flavor! Their corn is delicious, but I don't think these beans could have less flavor.
The labels say Marion, NY.
No. The green beans and the sweet peas are regular metal cans. I haven't opened a can of corn yet.
I answered before...........not sure why did not post. According to Libby's, their cans are BPA free and I am taking their word for it. We love the green beans. The only complaint that I have is some of the cans arrive dented.
I would check directly with the company. Since IT IS NOT stated on the can, I DOUBT they are BPA free.
hi manny, the cans did not specify, when i looked at their website www.senecafoods.com address the bpa can issue, and it sounds like the cans are bpa free. Giggles answered on December 4, 2013
It is labeled as "USDA Organic." According to the USDA, GMO products may NOT be used in foods being sold/labeled as "organic." See http://blogs.usda.gov/2013/05/17/organic-101-can-gmos-be-used-in-organic-products/.
Hi Diane, Yes, real crme. Thank you for contacting us, AFFORDABLEBUY.
no. Is not sodium free.
Unopened and in a fairly cool dry place: Canned Vegetables last for 1-2 Years Can Corn lasts for 1-2 Years Canned Soup lasts for 1-2 Years
The label says sea salt.
yes.
Hi Anja, This is what I read about the lable on Libby's Corn usda organic below. What I also did was send the website www.senecafoods.com a e-mail asking if this product is non-gmo. I should get an answer back within two days. What does the label "ORGANIC" mean to you? "Organic" refers not only to the food itself, but also to how it was produced. Foods labeled organic must be certified under the National Organic Program (NOP), which took effect October 21, 2002. Despite rigid organic certification procedures, organic certification is about the *process* of growing food, not about the actual resulting food. There is no required testing process for organic ingredients. The NOP regulations prohibit the use of genetically modified organisms, prohibit commingling or contamination during processing and handling, and require preventative practices to avoid contact with GMOs. Organic agricultural products should have minimal if any GMO contaminants; however, organic food products do not have a zero tolerance for the presence of GMO material and remember, there is no required testing process for organic ingredients. In addition, the USDA oversight of organic food has been lax since the program was launched in 2002. It can take nearly three years for a manufacturer who illegally uses the term "organic" in their labeling to be noticed, reported, investigated, and forced to amend their label. The oversight of organic manufacturers falls short of assuring standards are met. Once again, buyer beware- shop locally whenever possible and support manufacturers who are dedicated to ingredient integrity. Currently, there are three "organic" labels classifications: 100% Organic: Must contain 100% organically produced ingredients (excluding water and salt). This is the only label that certifies a completely organic product AND completely GMO-free ingredients. Certified Organic / USDA Organic / Organic: At least 95% of content is organic by weight (excluding water and salt). The National List. GMOs are NOT on this list, so these products are also usually GMO-free. Made with Organic: Up to 70% of the ingredients are organic. These products can NOT carry a "USDA organic" label and are NOT typically GMO-free.
Yes. GMO is genetically modified . Anything organic cannot be GMO. Also this corn is delicious. We eat tons of Libby's vegetables. I also feed my dogs them and our dogs eat better than most people do. I don't feed them corn but the green beans and peas are a favorite. Also rinse with water in the can.
No. GMO of anything could never be labeled organic. I think the person that said yes is having fun with your question. If it's genetically modified ( GMO ) then it wouldn't be organic. The corn tastes great.
Just added this item to cart andd went to checkout -- shows up as free shipping for me. Are you sure that the you were purchasing it from Amazon and not a third-party seller?
Yes. This there are 24 bottles in a case.
No...
Yes, it's fine for pets.
Yes, just like many other sugar products.
It's a glass container. They wrap it in a ton of bubble wrap, but my jar popped open (didn't break) somewhere in the shipping process and was a giant mess all over the inside of the box.
You can eat it any way you like. Heck, I eat it by the spoonful. I do use it for bread baking, but it would be good over oatmeal.
Sorry I don't know myself. You can contact the company directly, I think they will give you the most reliable answer.
My current jars on my shelf have an expiration shelf date of May 2016.
Treat like any jam or syrup and it will last for months Rachel in the fridge. Regards Malcolm
The 22 lbs. could be an error. It is likely 22.6 oz when you factor in the pkg. materials. I received mine thru Amazon's ''free shpg.'' w/ orders over $35.00.
This is NON diastastic, used in baking bread.
I really don't know. I used this malt for bake italian panettone.
I would say yes. And more difficult to handle. We purchased this for baking bread, and we did not see one bit of difference.
They are not tiny - probably 1 1/2" long.
It's been a while since I bought them, but I would guess around 150 or so per 5 pound bag. They are fairly large for gummy candy.
Allergy Info: manufactured in a facility where milk, tree nuts, peanuts, wheat and soy are used in the production of other products.
They taste exactly like the ones you get from the store, so they're pretty darn good.
When I ordered these it was in 2013 so I would think they would be the same this year. They are Blue sharks... Size I cannot recall as it was over a year ago again that I ordered these. I do remember they are big and not small.
I don't know the exact size but they are huge! Much bigger in person than I expected :)
I honestly don't know! The kids loved them tho! We used them as decorations at a party on the tables in glass bowls. Like they were swimming!
Sorry but i can't help. I have no idea.
Yes they would, though they would cover from one side to the other on top
I'm not sure how many pieces were in the bag. They were for my daughter's birthday party and there were about 20 children and about 12 adults. I filled a plastic container (6 inches tall x 3inches wide) several times and we still had about half the bag left over.
Jennifer, I just checked my jar ( I buy the low sodium type ) and organic cane sugar is #5 in the ingredients, just above chicken stock, just below chicken stock. Hope you're well.
Better than Bouillon has 350 mg. of sodium per teaspoon which isn't as much as other bouillons plus it tastes great too
Mine is Dec 31 2015.
Just checked my container and no soy products listed ( as such anyway ).
There is no way to be sure. I suppose it could be something natural but if it were, why not just tell us. How can "natural flavor" be an ingredient? Deceptive labeling is a growing issue due to looser labeling laws. I have found that "natural flavor" is often something unnatural that was created from something natural. For example, proteins that have been "hydrolyzed" (chemically disassembled) in order to excite specific taste cells. Unfortunately certain amino acids, when concentrated in free form, are capable of harming neurons (in our most vital organs). Same problem as Aspartame and MSG. These "excitotoxins" are often derived from natural sources. An sneaky way to add even more unhealthy flavor compounds while keeping a clean label (and company image).
Neither. It's texture is more like crushed garlic.
I have been using multiple better than bouillon products for their reduced sodium and excellent flavor. Their strength in the recommended proportions is amazing. I do not see any references to wheat in the ingredient list and I don't think this product uses fillers, I would classify it as gourmet. However, I do not work for the FDA and I am not sure all of their ingredients are absent of any wheat connection, there does not appear to be any on the label. I would recommend you buy a small jar of the one you would use the most to verify its efficacy, if your are gluten challenged this would be the best resolution for this product.
Mine had: ground nutmeg, ground ginger, Saigon cinnamon, ground cumin, paprika, garlic powder, ground mustard, chili powder, basil leaves, tarragon leaves, crushed red pepper, bay leaves, thyme leaves, Italian seasoning, dill weed, rosemary leaves, oregano leaves, rubbed sage, chopped chives, parsley flakes, cream of tartar, sesame seed, fennel seed, and poppy seed. I don't know if these come in all of them or if McCormick switches them out, but it was boxed up in a box from McCormick so we know it wasn't Amazon that chose the spices. Hope this helps.
Jon, Yes they are. They don't all contain 1.5 ozs., depending on the particular spice., and they are refillable . This was also important since I do grow some of the herbs and have a cabinet full of spices that I am trying minimize.
It has a miniscule raised lip, but not enough to prevent the bottles from falling off. Hope this helped.
18.6 is the correct height of the spice rack.
16" W x 18 1/2" H x 2 3/4 D
Small metal brackets were already installed for hanging, but no screws to put into the wall. Also had to drill the holes in the brackets larger to fit a standard sized screw.
This one is only 7.5" wide, but is counter top, not wall mount: http://www.amazon.com/McCormick-Gourmet-Spice-Chrome-16-Count/dp/B00415ZMU8/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1388789563&sr=8-3&keywords=mccormick+spice+rack
Spices loose their flavor/aroma/effectiveness with age - there is always an expiration date of the container
No, the names are just on the labels on the front of each jar.
They are the same size bottles as in the store's
a product cannot be rated "organic" if it contains genetically modified organisms.
The bag says it comes from India.
I purchased this product because research and reading has convinced me that it is important to use organic turmeric. In addition, I use a heaping teaspoonful in my smoothie each morning and I wanted to buy it in bulk. It is difficult to find turmeric in bulk and organic. I have been very happy with this product.
It is not irradiated very fresh flavor
In order to qualify for the USDA Organic Shield: USDA organic products have strict production and labeling requirements, and organic products must meet the following requirements: * Produced without excluded methods,(e.g., genetic engineering), ionizing radiation, or sewage sludge. Policy on genetically modified organisms * Produced per the National List of Allowed and Prohibited Substances (National List). * Overseen by a USDA National Organic Program-authorized certifying agent, following all USDA organic regulations. I am not sure how the material coming from Sri Lanka meets these standards, however. The product description on Amazon says 100% Organic.
I am not sure. It is a big bag but I keep it airtight and it is fine so far.
Hmmmm.....mine is definitely not salty. Perhaps you should contact Amazon or return it. The herbs and spices I've gotten from Frontier Herb have all been exceptionally fresh tasting, a lot "brighter" and with more depth of flavor than the stuff I used to buy off the shelf.
No. They have a typo that they should fix.
No, turmeric is not salty. It has an earthy flavor with a hint of bitterness. (A tiny hint :)
No
Ceylon cinnamon is also grown in southern India, Bangladesh, and Southeast Asia. Frontier doesn't specify the origins of it's Ceylon cinnamon.
This answer came from ask.com. Cinnamon powder is not exactly the same as ground cinnamon. For cooking purposes, they can be interchanged. Ground cinnamon has a stronger flavor but a shorter shelf life. The Frontier brand you are asking about is powdered. It is ground more fine that the standard cinnamon you find at a typical grocery store. The Ceylon cinnamon has a fresher, stronger cinnamon scent and flavor. After buying and trying this brand of cinnamon I gave away what I had left of the McCormic brand. I use it just as I would have any other cinnamon.
I separate it into 3 separate Pyrex type bowls and put the ones I'm not using in the freezer.
Yes
The product is in ground form, not stick.
It's certified organic so that should mean not irradiated. It is not Cassia, in fact here is a link that explains the difference, http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702303376904579135502891970942
First off, it is a very fine powdered cinnamon, if you mix it with water it will break down like good quality protein mix. It seems to dissolve with minor residue once properly missed with a spoon.
when I make it in tea there is a little residue in the cup so it is not completely disolved
Thank you for asking. I have been keeping it in the pantry and it seems to be just fine. I also put some in a jar with a tight lid so I could see if there would be any difference. I live in a very dry area so there is no problem with moisture. I'm not sure what to do if there is high humidity.
According to research I've done, Ceylon cinnamon is very very low in coumarin. It is the Cassia cinnamon (the common cinnamon we find in American food stores and in foods) and in cinnamon from other Asian countries, that contains larger amounts of coumarin. "As expected the report shows that Ceylon Cinnamon has ultra low levels of Coumarin as to be totally insignificant, while all other types of Cinnamon exhibited high levels of Coumarin, especially Saigon Cinnamon. The chart below shows an extract of these findings. Type of Cinnamon Coumarin Content: Ceylon Cinnamon, True Cinnamon. Mexican Cinnamon ..... 0.017 g/kg Indonesian Cinnamon, Korintje Cinnamon, Padang Cassia .... 2.15 g/kg Saigon cinnamon, Vietnamese cassia. Vietnamese cinnamon ...... 6.97 g/kg Cassia Cinnamon or Chinese Cinnamon .....0.31 g/kg
In order: potato flour, potato starch, corn starch, tomato paste, spinach powder, salt, sugar, beetroot powder (color), turmeric, canola oil and/or safflower oil and/or sunflower oil, sea salt. Manufactured in a facility that processes wheat, soy, and milk. Personal note: my toddler grandson loves these, and so do I. They have very little salt (250 mg= 10%). Tasty!
When I ordered the variety, I received both veggie chips and straws. Hope this helps.
roasted and they are really good
Saturated fat is 0.5g and trans fat is 0g
11 grams per 1oz
1 oz. one serving, one bag, 38 pieces (chips or sticks) + 130 calories zero cholesterol which is what I have to watch. I'LL NEVER BUY REGULAR CHIPS AGAIN!
only one
I believe it is 90 per pack of 3
The cranberry almond have enriched flour ( wheat flour, malted barley flour niacin, iron, folic acid,thiamine mononitrate,riboflavin) eggs, sugar,almonds, dried cranberries, raisins, cinnamon, natural and artificial flavors and salt
on the box it doesn't list potassium content, but I went to their website and it says that there is 60 mg of potassium in each package. if you care to research more on them go to www.thinaddictives.com. hope this helps.
This is a cactus and I believe it can grow to 15 feet ours is about 6 feet high and 2 to 3 feet wide
I do not believe it will as it grows quite big. I live in Florida and mine is outside. I is about 5 feet tall and 5 feet wide and has not given any fruit. I believe it may be too wet here. I suppose it could grow inside but it grows very quickly
I have had mine for a year now, and it has not borne fruit. But it is still very healthy and has actually split into 2 plants, because one of the branches bent down into the dirt and took root. Now I have 2. Hopefully will fruit this coming summer.
It arrived at about 6" tall. I don't know how long it will take to fruit. The directions just said that, once it's grown much larger, it will fruit.
I received one small plant, which is thriving in a new, much larger pot.
My plant hasnt produced fruit yet, but it is usually white.
I do not like a lot of heat so I found this pepper jelly to be perfect. Just the right amount of heat and sweet. Loved it over soft cream cheese with crackers.
Two came in my order
i only got two. however this is the best pepper jelly I ever had. You will love it. Luke
Red
I shipped a box to Oregon but I don't recall my mother telling me they came with any sort of cooling pack.....I would hope they would have the foresight to do this (especially since the candy will be going to Texas....in the summer). Your best bet would be to contact the seller and ask them. Wish I could have been more helpful. For what it's worth, my mom's candy arrived safe-and-sound and in perfect, edible condition.
no there are no nuts, only soft centers
Not sure of the made date, but the box I received had fresh chocolate candy with an expiration date on the outside. They were very good, chewy, and lasted me several days. I hope this helps.
Bags are 16" x 11 1/2" x 7"
Yes they are like the ones pictured.
That's the bag that I got when I ordered mine about 4 months ago....
Yes, the label did change, but I ordered this and it tastes exactly as the other one!
Cocoa is sort of like coffee - keep it in dark, dry place, and it'll be great for 3 months or more. I usually go through mine faster than that, but this brand has always had great flavor for me
It is dutch processed and fantastic. Very smooth and not bitter.
This is the dutch processed cocoa. It is refined differently and has a slightly different texture & taste. It's also more expensive. Some recipes call specifically for it. You could probably use them interchangeably, but why would you want to? I use it specifically for the recipes that call for it. I find that it's a darker chocolate.
No
No it's cocoa brown. But dark brown
It does not spesify This info on the box, sorry.
Sure you can! It gives a very rich taste to all baked stuff ))
1 oz dark chocolate contains about 200 mg theobromine
This product is NOT listed as BPA free. I visited the latourangelle.com website/products which does state that several of their products are now BPA free. Hopefully they are in the process of upgrading.
We are just two people and it last. There is expiration on it but we use before that. Normally I don't put in frig though
Actually they are 3 tins of 500 ml or 16.9 oz each
It only says "expeller pressed".
The label states that it is Handcrafted in the E.U. (European Union).
It is refined meaning that many health benefits are removed during that process: http://healthglut.blogspot.com/p/difference-between-refined-and.html
Yes, it is. My problem has been finding it at Costco.
I haven't ordered this in about a year or so, but when I did, it was a single 2.5 lb tin.
I can't find Kosher information anywhere on the label. Sorry.
We have been using this sparingly since Christmas 2013....still good today! Yum!!
We like it. Our children are grown so I can't speak for how children like it.
Yes! I know for certain fact that it has a significant amount of soy. It's on the label but even enforce I read that, my allergy kicked up. It was only my reaction that made me read the label, then I did a face palm.
I wish I could be of more help. I know that each box has 6 packets/servings. The Seller doesn't have how many boxes are in this. I will tell you this: 6 boxes & 6 servings each is NOT worth what they are charging nor the shipping fee. Starbucks.com has it and I swear by the Columbian Via packets (50 packet box for about $30+). Buy the Vanilla Starbucks syrup off their site for $10, add it to your Via and it's so much cheaper. Not as convenient, I know. As a huge coffee drinker, I've never taken to the flavored Via packets. I stick to the Columbian, French Roast, Blonde, etc. best of luck!
I don't remember if this item was past the due date or not. It should not have been past the due date, since I bought it directly from a Starbucks store. Very good question, though. I'll try this product again and be sure to pay attention to the expiration date.
The vanilla via has been discontinued
It's a little box with 7 packets. By right if it's not sold by Starbucks, it's 7 packets. From Starbucks itself, 6 packets. I don't know why it is like that.
Mute point, it is dreadful.... but fyi, I am not a fan of Starbucks. I just bought it to see if they had anything going on. I own a coffee roastery and am very particular about my roasts. Starbucks is almost always burnt. They have a loyal base of people who like the burnt taste but it isn't what true specialty coffee is about. Via is no exception...
I wish I could be of more help. I know that each box has 6 packets/servings. The Seller doesn't have how many boxes are in this. I will tell you this: 6 boxes & 6 servings each is NOT worth what they are charging nor the shipping fee. Starbucks.com has it and I swear by the Columbian Via packets (50 packet box for about $30+). Buy the Vanilla Starbucks syrup off their site for $10, add it to your Via and it's so much cheaper. Not as convenient, I know. As a huge coffee drinker, I've never taken to the flavored Via packets. I stick to the Columbian, French Roast, Blonde, etc. best of luck!
I don't remember if this item was past the due date or not. It should not have been past the due date, since I bought it directly from a Starbucks store. Very good question, though. I'll try this product again and be sure to pay attention to the expiration date.
The vanilla via has been discontinued
It's a little box with 7 packets. By right if it's not sold by Starbucks, it's 7 packets. From Starbucks itself, 6 packets. I don't know why it is like that.
Mute point, it is dreadful.... but fyi, I am not a fan of Starbucks. I just bought it to see if they had anything going on. I own a coffee roastery and am very particular about my roasts. Starbucks is almost always burnt. They have a loyal base of people who like the burnt taste but it isn't what true specialty coffee is about. Via is no exception...
The little packet says: Insulin Soluble Vegetable Fiber, Stevia Leaf Extract.
According to the Wisdom website, SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener is responsibly sourced from indigenous fields in South America and other areas around the globe. Stevia is native to South America. It's highly recommended to use organic stevia to avoid allergy issues, and but I trust both versions of SweetLeaf/Wisdom. Here's a link to get some background on the company http://www.sweetleaf.com/sweetleaf-story
According to the box, the ingredients are only Stevia and inulin, a vegetable fiber. I think on the vitacost websit itindicates that the stevia is only water processed.
You can use stevia in baking. However, stevia has different properties from sugar. If you try making cookies using all stevia and no sugar, the cookies will most likely not brown, and they will be more the consistency of munchkins. I find that stevia works really well in coffee, tea, on cereal, and in oatmeal.
I packet of SweetLeaf is equal to 2 tsp of sugar so depending on how much Truvia equals sugar you would adjust accordingly. Hope that helps best I can do as do not use Truvia.
Dear Customer, That is a management decision on not to ship to Alaska on items sold through Amazon site. You can check out minnishop dot com for this product also. Thank you and have a great day. DrVita Customer Service
I wish I could be of more help. I know that each box has 6 packets/servings. The Seller doesn't have how many boxes are in this. I will tell you this: 6 boxes & 6 servings each is NOT worth what they are charging nor the shipping fee. Starbucks.com has it and I swear by the Columbian Via packets (50 packet box for about $30+). Buy the Vanilla Starbucks syrup off their site for $10, add it to your Via and it's so much cheaper. Not as convenient, I know. As a huge coffee drinker, I've never taken to the flavored Via packets. I stick to the Columbian, French Roast, Blonde, etc. best of luck!
I don't remember if this item was past the due date or not. It should not have been past the due date, since I bought it directly from a Starbucks store. Very good question, though. I'll try this product again and be sure to pay attention to the expiration date.
The vanilla via has been discontinued
It's a little box with 7 packets. By right if it's not sold by Starbucks, it's 7 packets. From Starbucks itself, 6 packets. I don't know why it is like that.
Mute point, it is dreadful.... but fyi, I am not a fan of Starbucks. I just bought it to see if they had anything going on. I own a coffee roastery and am very particular about my roasts. Starbucks is almost always burnt. They have a loyal base of people who like the burnt taste but it isn't what true specialty coffee is about. Via is no exception...
Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for contacting Swanson Health Products The offer of a 4 pack is an Amazon listing error as Swanson Health Products does not offer multi pack offers on these kind of items. We apologize for any confusion this may have caused. If you have any further questions please let us know. Best Regards. Reno W. Swanson Health Products Customer Account Specialist
Based on Price, this listing is for a single bag only. Jack's Country Store
I have never made it by hand. I always use a bread machine. It is very good bread.
Yes, I used 1/5 of yeast created from one packet to ferment a gallon of hard cider. One whole packet is for five gallons.
From the back or the package. "Ingredients: yeast, emulsifier: sorbitan, monostearate (E4912)."
It's shelf stabile. I keep it in my box of brewing stuff. You could refrigerate if you'd like but there's really no need.
i am getting over 15 with no nutrients added to tap water....with nutrients up to 20 should be attainable.
This yeast packet is supposed to be good for 5 gallons of fruit-based wine. The barleywine I've had was made from, well, barley, rather than fruit, and tasted more beer-like than wine-like, so I'd guess that an ale or beer yeast might be more appropriate . . . but this is good yeast, you should certainly get a ferment out of it!
Yes it will. There are many different types of yeast and they like different conditions and give different flavors to the final product. Using the Champagne yeast will definitely give the ginger beer a better flavor. The bread yeast will give a bready (funky flavor). The champagne yeast will give a much cleaner flavor - if you don't want alcohol in your ginger beer, make sure you refrigerate the soda after sufficient carbonation has been achieved in order to kill off the yeast.
I've never made ginger beer, but I've used this yeast for hard cider and have had great results.
with enough sugar, I got 13%, which is pretty high.
we ship worldwide
5 grams are in each packet.
There are three packages of approx. 35 wrappers (I may be off by one or two because they're super thin and may have missed some). The packages I received are stamped "Manufactured 5/2012, Expiration 5/2014).
Yes. whatever sauce you use or ingredients will be your taste.
no breakage - all arried intact - i have used this company several times with 100% success
There are no kosher symbols on the package. They are made of tapioca, rice, water,salt.
Might work for boiled wontons - but had no luck with fried. Just made a mess.
No
Make sure the oil is very hot, they dissolve in warm liquid if they just sit.
Never tried it, but I doubt you'd want to. When they dry out they get crumbly, and if you put liquid on them to prevent drying they'd probably be soggy. If you want something you can eat warm, I'd either fill it with a warm filling, or get wonton wrappers (which are usually fried).
I store them in zip lock bags.
I don't think they can be fried. They are made of rice, are paper thin and used for fresh veggies. In the Philippines, they only eat them cold.
It's rice flour and preservatives.
To all who mentioned Amazon's changing prices: prices change CONSTANTLY on Amazon. They (Amazon & other marketplace sellers of products) have always done this for MANY, many reasons! It's all a pricing game! Just watch the price and when it drops to a point you are comfortable with, BUY IT!! Here are some tips that will make this a LOT easier to accomplish.... from a veteran Amazon shopper: 1. Go to www.camelcamel.com and register for CamelCamel, which is an Amazon price tracker that will show you price history charts for all Amazon items (so you can see when the best time to buy that item is over time). It has price watches and PRICE DROP ALERTS. Once you register, you can set up price value alerts for everything in your Amazon Wish List. It will automatically e-mail you when the price drops to a certain point (you decide) for any particular item, for whatever value you set for it (%age wise or dollar amount)!! Prices often drop to their lowest point at odd hours of the day and night (perhaps when Amazon traffic is at a lull) and usually only for a very brief period of time, so you have to act quickly (especially if it's on Black Friday)! 2. Remember that you can set up as many Wish Lists as you want, and can even categorize/name them different things, such as Grocery Items, Clothing, Household Products, etc., to help you sort all the items you are price-watching. Amazon doesn't currently have a way to sort or filter items in your "Save for later" cart. My Save for Later cart has 30+ pages and it's very difficult to find an item that I added a long time ago, without having to go through each page to find it! 3. Download the price tracking add-on for Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome called "Camelizer", which makes it easy to view the price history of any product sold by their supported retailers. View "Camel" price history charts WITHOUT leaving the retailer product page/website. 4. Save even more money by downloading "PriceBlink", a Firefox Add-On that automatically finds lower prices and money-saving coupons from thousands of retailers while you shop. Stays hidden until you are on a product website. Automatically gives you a Price Comparison (as well as pricing history & Coupons too!) with a dropdown box at the top of your screen. Highly rated; won the "2012 Reader's Choice Award: Best Browser Addon".
I have made the pancakes without eggs and without egg replacer. I just added more liquid and it turned out well.
Based on the nutrition facts on the box 1 serving would contain 31g of carbs, approx. 3 medium size pancakes 4-4 1/2 inches
Yes
it comes out to $4.87 per box. thats not expensive compared to the store, my store sells it for $3.89 a box but i have to drive there and pick it up. the reason they dont charge $3.50 or $3.89 a box here is because they have to pay to ship it to you.
This mix is used cup for cup just like regular Bisquick. There is a recipe for biscuits, but not reg. bread on the box. I searched for Bisquick bread recipe and looks like there are plenty.
Fist off it is cheaper and there is one more oz. in bisquick. I think that it is as good if not better. I put a bit of real vanilla. Sometime I replace half the milk with buttermilk.
Not quite sure. Here are the ingredients. Rice flour, Sugar, leavening (baking soda, sodium aluminum phosphate, monocalcium phosphate), modified potato starch, salt, xanthan Gum.
There is 3 grams of sugar in every 1/3 cup. Be aware though as this Biscuit mix contains (sodium aluminum) which is known to cause Alzheimer's disease!!!!!!!!
Hello it is a 5 pack.. 5 cans... for 64... if you place the order please send me your phone number for dhl currier
it's 5 cans for USD $70 (seventy)
Sept 2014
Hello I gonna ask in dhl .....
We ship it with cold packs. Select EXPEDITED shipping for ALL states EXCEPT WI, MN, IL, IA, IN, OH, MI.
Plugra European-Style Butter - Unsalted (8 ounce) by Plugra Price: $5.99 + shipping
After googling this, it appears the answer is no. Package does not state cows are grass fed either.
Hello Yes,we do.
8oz
I only use the unsalted Plugra so I don't know if the fat contents differ but looking at the 8 oz unsalted label it says total fat: 11g, saturated fat 7g, no trans fat. Zero carbs, calories 100...says 8 oz per serving. Hope this helps. In the for what it's worth category: I've used unsalted Plugra for years and nothing beats the taste.
We found the peppermint flavor to be very strong. We usually bought the sticks in boxes and those were milder, which we prefer.
most all of them are 4 inches i hope that helps
I don't know but there are a lot! It is a really big container.
Yes they are - I bought them to use as short straws for citus fruit and always sneak a few just to eat.
Yes this correct, but I find these softer
No
i ordered 2 jars and they were fine. mine had a seal under the lid. . . .if yours didnt have a seal, i would return!
It's Mayo.
I am not sure, but I am allergic to soy and able to eat this mayonnaise.
Sorry but not listed on label. May I suggest you go to Hellmans.com web site and ask that question? Sorry cannot give you any other help. It is only 40 calories per serving and taste no different to me than the regular Hellman's which is delicious.
I am so sorry but I do not know. It is cholesterol and soy bean free but not sure about gluten. I am sure if you contact Hellmans they will be glad to help you. I hope it is so you can enjoy it.
Starlight Mints - 7 lb bag by Bakers & Cheese - Serving size 3 mints = Calories 0%; Total Fat 0%; Cholestrol 0%; Sodium 0%; Total Carbs 15G 5%; Dietary Fiber 0%; Sugars 11g; Protein 0g, Vit A 0%; vIT c 0%; Calcium 0%; Iron 0%; Ingrediants - Glucose Syrup; Sugar; Natural & Artificial Flavor, Artificial Colors; Titanium Dioxide; Red 40 and Blue 1 (Contains traces of Soy) Note: Our choice of this product is due to the real Peppermint Flavor without overdue sweetness, which many similier product lack, beint too sweet and low in Peppermint Flavor. This is a really good Peppermint Flavored Product.
They are individually warped. The candy is 1 inch in diameter with a flat center area about 3/4 inch across. If they don't fit your needs, they are good and you can eat them. :)
No
I purchased a 7lbs bag to make Christmas wreaths and was quite pleased. Since I prefer my wreaths thick, it will make 2 small wreaths and 1 bag will make one. I hope I've answered your question.
Yes, the mints have the tradional twisted ends, and ther bag contains 620 pieces. As far as I know these are the real deal and contain natural mint flavour unlike look-alikes that are mostly sweet and no real "bite" to the mint flavour which must be artificial.
Ask this in a question please. You are stating vague facts.
I am sorry, but I do not know.
about 500-700
Twist at the end.
Made in Argentina
I think they both taste good...but I definitely prefer the chocolate. You can never go wrong with chocolate lol!
Yes. 3g per serving.
4g per 2 tbsp
6g per serving. Serving size 2tbsp
It takes about 8 tablespoons to make 1/2 cup. May take little more than 16 tablespoons to make a cup. I don't level off the tablespoons.
I used PB powder with soy milk and protein powder and used my bullet. It was completely dissolved. I really like the taste.
Go to bell plantation.com for recipes ideas.
Look in the Chinese fruit and veggies stands they have them
Thank you for your question. We have tried to base our pricing as fairly as possible within Amazon's terms and conditions for shipping. If I can explain, the butter is shipped using high grade packaging, with costly freezer packs and expanded polystyrene to ensure the product arrives to you perfectly. Due to this product having to arrive within a set time period shipping to certain parts of the country is actually much higher than what we pass on. We hope we have been fair with our shipping costs and have tried to be upfront about them rather than hiding them into the cost of the product.
Really good butter, but I can't verify if only from New Zealand cows
No it is real butter
We sell it right here on Amazon. The Columbus Washboard Factory.
In my research, this New Zealand brand is as close to full grass fed that I was able to find. Others swear by Kerry Gold, but in my reading, it seems the weather where these cows are raised would be more favorable year round. To my knowledge, nobody is marketing a butter with claims it is 100% grass fed, weather likely being the primary reason why.
Cotton Candy will harden when exposed to high humidity/heat. You need to be careful to not crush it when you're spinning it on the stick. It's a practice and art-form kind of thing sadly. You can use plain sugar (no flavoring) as a cheap form of practice.
Hi Jeff I used the 12 oz. jars of mix and got an avg. of 45 to 50 per jar. Good luck
Yes
This is the ingredient statement from the cans: sugar, natural and artificial flavor, FD&C yellow 6, FD&C Red 40, Glycerine, CONTAINS SOY, may contain traces of the following FD&C Red No. 3 (E127), FD&C Blue 1 (E133), Dust Control (propylene glycol, water) Vanilin CONTAINS SOY
I have no idea. Contact the company for such a question not someone who just bought it!!!
Not positive but approx 25 or 30
Yes, they are nice and long (6-7").
I'm sorry but I'm not sure if they are cassia or not. They come in whole sticks and so if you are familiar with the difference in appearance than maybe you could tell from that. I have only used my cinnamon sticks to boil- if you are going to use them for consumption and care about the difference between cassia and real cinnamon then you should attempt to buy the cinnamon in a store so that you can read all of the labels, etc.
No they were not.
I don't know the answer to that, but I sent an order to a friend, and he raved about them for weeks. My guess is Alaska, but I'm not sure.
Species: Red King (12/14 grade). Snow Species: Opilio (9-15 claws count per pound). Thank you. Giovanni's Fish Market.
Patricia I recommend you order them right now and have them arrive early as its busy and Christmas falls in the middle of the week on a Wednesday. I do not like to chance must arrive deliveries due to weather, ups overload etc. Thanks Dan at Wholeys
Find out how many legs the seller would send, and figure 1 jumbo leg per person. That's a lot of crab, but once you start eating, you won't stop until its gone. You could do less, and the guests will leave dreaming about the next time you have them over. Its really good!
Barbara the dungenss crab and the langostinos are fully cooked and frozen so they will keep in your freezer until Christmas eve. Thanks Dan
Susan, 5lbs will be more than enough with a little side salad... you will have a meal to remember!
I had the same experience with this seller. Box was open, one of the bottles was missing. Contact Amazon, they will want to know something is amiss.
about 5 hours
Yes up to 20 ppm it says
I didn't buy pomegranate. I bought Pink Lemonade. exp 10/15
The Pomegranate 5 Hr Energy that I ordered a few months ago has now been consumed : &gt; ) and I don't have the packaging to look for the expiration date; however, it's unlikely that a box of 5 Hr Energy shipped now would have the same expiration date. I still have some 5 Hr Grape that I received, say, a month ago and the expiration date on it is October 2014.
Remember this is not a substitute for good nutrition. Eat a good protein meal three times a day. This is a vitamin/caffeine supplement that gives a little boost but that's about it. Be realistic.
According to Vitacost their coconut oil is "Certified organic, non-GMO coconut oil. Cold pressed without the use of heat or chemicals and packaged in BPA-free jars." I have used this for a year and it is of a superior quality.
If you look up and read why Extra virgin oilive oil; can be called"extra" by way of processing and how its extracted from the fruit; then that should explain why" Extra" Virgin Cocount Oil is a better quality. More importantly there is no heat used in the process of extraction of both Olive oil and Coconut oil. Therefore, the oil is living and not dead.
yes, no real flavor, light coconut scent
I did a search online and could find very little info on freezing coconut oil, other than some people do it. I've never had the need to freeze it. I'm sure it can be frozen, but have no idea if any qualities are changed when it's thawed for use.
I have used this particular coconut oil for awhile now & I really like it. It has a mild coconut flavor.
We purchased at a very high price months ago when the item was sold out.
No its hard plastic
It's a #1 plastic container. I guess I've made a some concession for the price.
Don't know how you define "unrefined," but this is from Vitacost product details: Why choose Vitacost Coconut Oil Extra Virgin? Made from certified organic coconuts Cold pressed without heat or chemicals Non-GMO Packaged in BPA-free jar Superior quality at a great value! About Vitacost Vitacost nutritional products are manufactured to high standards of quality, efficacy and safety. Each Vitacost product meets or exceeds the standards and requirements set forth in the FDA's Code of Federal Regulation (21 CFR, 111) Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP).
around 7 - 9 months in fridge - around a year in freezer... always smell them before you use them - they are oily so can go rancid
depends on how soon they will be used... soon? you can put them in the cupboard.. any time in the future I'd put them in the fridge or freezer - the freezer will keep them longest
Hi, It says they were processed in a facility with other products including wheat, soy etc - so I think that qualifies as a no go for you.
US
Low temperature dried
I can't recall that it was a vanilla flavor as it has been awhile. The flavor was good but it has a gritty consistency.
I don't recall exactly -- but since there's over 10 oz., you get quite a bit of candy.
Hi, I don't know what scottish tablet is. This fudge has a dense chewy texture. Hope that helps.
It is on the gritty side. Not creamy like caramel.. :)
You'll get gritty. I liked the flavor but for me, not the grit. Do you know of creamy clotted fudge?
15 cal. Non-diary, lactose- free and cholesterol- free!!
The box of creamers itself is 7-1/2 by 11-1/2 but I bought 2 flavors so they combined the boxes when sending but it isn't large. Just double the size and you'll get the approximate size.
it did not say on the box. sorry
July 2015
In the USA, I packed a handful in my carry-on and boarded without problem. Nobody flagged me for it, so am guessing it is permissible. This was during the summer of last year/2014. Good luck!
No
Yeah, I'd say it's the same.
They don't really, but after about one years If coffee start to look like you need to stir harder ,...they need refreshing, I buy the 180,..and they last almost a year
It contains sodium casienate, which is a milk derivative. They call it "lactose free" because it doesn't contain milk sugar, just the protein.
On the box there is an exp date on one of the long sides near the top edge. Seems to be good for about a year.
The gentle ease uses a different set of proteins I believe to be easier on the stomach. The infant ones use less broken down proteins than the newborn ones because at that point their stomachs can digest them better. At least that's my understanding. I highly recommend calling Enfamil or asking through their FB page though - their customer service is stellar!
We get Enfamil delivered from Amazon about once a month. The expiration date is always a year or more away. Sometimes we get one that is from the same manufacturing lot as the previous month's delivery, but still a year or more away.
??? as in... the expiration date??
I bought it about 3 weeks ago and the expiration date is OCTOBER 2013. Very disappointed.
You should call Enfamil, 1-800-baby123 (8a to 4:30p central).
The use-by date has always been over a year away in our orders. The packaging has the date on a sticker. Good luck!
When I got it in the mail the expiration date was only a couple months after I bought it. I recently had to throw it out unopened because the date passed.
The bag I received was the entire 16 oz in 1 bag--they were not divided in individual bags.
Yes. They are really good.
60%
Just my opinion, but I am tending to taste a bit more bean than I have compared to some other brands I've had. There is still a fair amount of chocolate, seems like there just has to be, but at least on this batch, I get a decent amount of coffee taste.
If you use Prime shipping I wouldn't imagine they'd melt before arriving. Always buy through AMAZON and not the third partys that ship themselves as Amazon rocks when it comes to returns and customer service. If they arrive in one large ball of coffee, send them back.. its free to do so.
mega
Based on the source, doubt that they are organic at the price, but they do taste great.
I would doubt it. A bit waxy although still pretty good.
I'd doubt it. They are regular dark chocolate; and very creamy dark chocolate at that. Typically if products are niche items (i.e. dairy free, gluten free, etc.), it will say so either on the package or in the listing or desciption. I would search the following: "dairy free, dark chocolate, espresso beans," to find what you want.
Theyre heavy. Invest in Amazon Prime, Free 2 day shipping, around 3.99 overnight shipping, instant movies kind of like Netflix, free ad free music streaming, and a lot more. Otherwise, you can just add enough items to hit 35$ and it'll ship free too. Don't bother with the NON Prime Sellers if you are worried about shipping as their often inflated shipping charges.
I got 12 for this price
When you order from the vitamin shop it's 12 bottles in a cs
Some come with 12 and most with 20 you have to read the fine print .I have already brought a case the vitamin store and thought I was getting a 20 ct and when it arrived it was a 12 ct .
It comes with 20 bottles.
I guess it took at least a week for them to arrive. But I ordered them awhile ago so I don't remember exactly. But I mean, its honey so if you order it in advance it isn't going to go bad or anything. Better to order early and have them, than order a week before the event and then have them not show up on time.
Yes
I just checked the label & it says "Product of France".
Sorry, Bonne Maman Honey comes only with dark blue/white color lids, all other flavors coming with red/white lids.
I received 60 jars of honey with sealed lids.
Not sure but I used them as.my wedding favors. Great purchase.
it is 3 business days. if we ship it on Monday it will arrive on Thursday, but we offer faster service for next day and 2 days shipping
Unfortunately we cannot ship it without labels
Yes ,we sell it by 15 Jars ,ASN # B00JIWNEHW bonne maman honey 1 oz. 15 jars
Judith I wish I could answer your question but I don't have any left I had purchased these for my daughters wedding shower back in may
yes, the expiration date is printed on the side of each jar's lid. for me the expiration date was about 1 year after purchase date.
The jars I ordered or 1-3/4" in diameter and 1-3/4" deep.
I believe I purchased these in July...I just checked the expiration date and it reads 2015. They are very tasty and they were a big hit! Hope that helps.
I ordered them for my wedding 2 months in advance. I believe my expatriation date was over a year away. Your mileage may vary. I highly recommend these as a gifts to put on the tables for your guests. Mine were fighting over them and putting the jam on the rolls we had served with our dinner. They were soooo goooood!
Yes there is a label but I used mailing labels that were ran through the printer and they covered the label already there. Worked perfect for what I needed! (And it tastes good too!)
I did some research online to answer this, and found (unsurprisingly) that the answer is not so simple. Raw should mean completely uncooked, and so the label saying uncooked should cover it - but there is a difference in opinion about what constitutes "cooked". I can say from experience with the product that the aroma and flavor are all there and that this does not taste anything like the fake honey that one gets at fast food places or from generic grocery store brands. At the same time, it is not as pungent and full as some of the more exotic honeys that one would pay a lot of money for.
Each container is individually wrapped in plastic to protect against any leakage then it is boxed with bubble wrap to keep the containers from sliding around then is shipped immediately for free with Prime and arrives quickly in good condition.
I do not know how familiar you are with amazon, but if you order over 25 dollars worth of SUPER-SAVER-SHIPPING-ELIGIBLE material, you get free shipping on the order. BUT- you have to select the free super saver shipping option- it is not always the default shipping choice.
Just checked the bottle ... it does not say BPA free ... there is a symbol that says ... PET and 1 in the triangle.
Plastic bottle label HDPE WITH A "2" in the recycle triangle. From what I can find on the net this is a safe kind of plastic.
I wish it was! Unfortunately, $20.00 per 48oz. bottle.
It usually last me almost a month depends on how much milk the child drinks try mixing it with a little baby cereal if you want it to last and each scoop is a ounce water
May 2016
I just realized (as per your question) that the expiration date is 15 days after I placed the order. I will pay more attention the next time.
almost all of ours don't expire until 2016 or 2017
It varies, but they all land in 2016-2017 right now.
The can I recieved in the last month expires December 2015
I believe I only have a few cases of 2014 October but I have many cases of middle 2015 and later please let me know if interested I have around 40 or 50 cases available Any questions please feel free to contact me my number is 508... 963... 3353 Enqueue very much Michael and the baby Depot
All middle 2015 exp dates
I don't have anything now
Yes. It makes wonderful bread. I also have found it to be superior to other flours for making ravioli or Chinese dumplings. It has lots of gluten and therefore makes a dough with a lot of tensile strength. This means I can roll pasta or wonton dough down to the thinnest setting and form the filled dumplings of whatever ethnic persuasion without worrying about ripping the dough. It has a great flavor for basic flour-water-salt-yeast bread. I still use cheap AP or bread flour for when the flavor or gluten of the flour doesn't matter much, e.g. in dense multi-grain breads, gravy thickening, etc. -- or when you really don't want much gluten as in muffins, biscuits, etc.
From my personal experience, the date stamped which could be a 'best by' or expiration is 11 months after receiving the flour from Amazon.
There are several methods/chemicals for bleaching flour and all are banned in Europe but that is not true for the US. Antimo Caputo flour is milled in Europe so it is not bleached.
I started using 00 flour recently and just used the same pizza recipe I always use with the same measurements. The crust was lighter and has a nice crisp to it which I love. I will have to tell you that because this flour is so much finer, it does get everywhere. IT was fun to clean up! LOL
The bag of 10 were very small bags...about 4 cups of flour in each small 2.2 pound package. (1 lb=16 ozs./ 1 cup = 8 ozs / 2 cups of flour =16 ozs.) In other words there is about 32 -34 ozs in each sack. So if your pizza recipe calls for 2 cups of flour per each crust....so... 1 small bag will make 2 crusts OR...4 cups of flour pkg will make 2 pizza crusts. Capiche? : )
No, Italy does not the addition of any kind. This is just pure finely milled flour. Will only brown at temps at or above 500 degrees.
Not a lot. I googled around a while back, and the basic answer is that the blue flour is more specifically meant to be used by pizzerias instead of home chefs. It has a narrower tolerance for mixing (i.e. narrower window of time between properly mixed and over-mixed), and slightly different characteristics related to that. It's ideal if you're in a production environment and know how to exactly control temperature, mixing time and rising time (and rising temperature) every time. If you're working in a home where those things are less easily controlled, the red flour has a wider range of tolerances that it can work well in. At least that's what I've been able to glean by reading the product charts (and some google-translate-fu).
Protein content is 10%. I used this flour to make a pizza recently and made focaccia tonight both with excellent results.
To my knowledge it is not organic
Neither. It is an unbleached white flour ground specifically for pizza and bread dough. It is used 100% in pizza dough and normally blended at 10-20% with all purpose flour for bread dough.
Don't you wish they would list the ingredients on Amazon? My jar says, "organic roasted peanuts, contains 1% or less of salt". That's it, just peanuts and salt. It's a product of Canada and is made by the Smuckers company.
It is my understanding that this product was one of the few major selling brands not recalled, a strong indication that it passed the test. I am amazed at the price increase. When I researched, was told there had been a drought in the peanut growing areas, hence shortage. Also surprised to discover that most of our peanuts are imported from guess where? China.
The jar is glass.
50 mg, or 2% DV per 2 Tbsp. serving
I purchased a 4-pack in May, 2014, that has a "sell by" date of 3/24/16.
I ordered mine last month in a set of 4. it says it expires in 2016. I store mine in the freezer. I put it in my granola so it never last long that long.
bob's red mill generally has all organic products. The product is gluten free
My label shows: Ingredients: Whole Grain Hulled Millet. A serving of 1/4 c. dry or 55g contains 200 calories; 2 grams of fat; 0 grams of saturated fat; 0 grams of Trans fat; O grams colesterol; 0 grams of sodium; 40 grams of total carbohydrate; 9 grams of fiber; 0 sugars and 7 grams of protein. The serving also contains 8% of DV's of B6; 8% of Iron; 8% Foliate; 4 % Zinc and 15% Magnesium. There are about 14 servings in my 28 oz package.
not more than 20 seconds after that tube starts to degorm
USA
Usually 6 month expiration date.
Not as far as I can tell, but see for yourself! Ingredients: Water, Cheese, Whey, Modified food starch, Vegetable oil, Canola oil, Soybean oil, Sunflower oil, Salt, Cultured milk, Enzymes, Sodium phosphate, Jalapeno peppers, color added.
sadly it doesn't state...sorry
Yes
Green Mountain cites the US Government definition of 97% removed, and gives no other info. In the past Consumer Reports has done measurements on other brands and found little evidence of cheating. They have not measured caffeine recently. Having said that I don't notice any physiological caffeine affect with the Green Mountain like I sometimes get with Starbuck's decaf.
This is wonderful decaf coffee by newman..these are the k cups that goes in the coffee maker that only uses k cups I use only bottle water in mine...hope this helps
I really don't know, but it's fairly mild
Their website says it is "Chemical-free Water Processed"... so I assume it is swiss water process. http://www.newmansownorganics.com/food_coffee.html
Yes, it is. I bought it about 6 weeks ago and it is a wonderful deal!
The "use by" date on the ones we purchased was about a year from our purchase date.
It is sweet and delicious! W use it so often. Especially as an actual sauce as a teriyaki. In the summer we use it as a marinade and grill chicken with it. After living in Japan 30 years ago, we found this was the perfect match to our favorite restaurant we dubbed "The Chicken Shack". Very, very tasty.
No it is not decaf. I can see with the green labeling it might be confusing.
I drank mine 2 years out of date and it didn't taste any different than a brand new jar. Keep the lid on it sealed tight, store it in a dry area and it should last years, literally.
Yes, it is very low acid. This is the smoothest coffee, without giving up the rich body, that we all drink coffee for. The finish is by far the best of ANY instant coffee. No chemical or dirt after taste.
robert i like my coffee strong so i use a lot about 3 heaping spoonfuls for a large mug anf one jar lasts me about a month as i only have my one mug in the morning. i hope this gives you an idea of the answer you are looking for. regards, john
Hi Mike, Here is your answer and maybe more than you asked for but hope is helpful...I find more info is usually much better than too little!... Two ingredients: Erythritol & Luo Han Guo (Monk Fruit) Both are zero on glycemic index. Luo Han Guo (Monk Fruit) tastes much more like sugar whereas Stevia an herb (Rebiana leaves,a chrysanthemum relative) has just a little bit of an aftertaste. Erythritol, a type of sugar alcohol, is absorbed into your blood stream, but does not readily enter any of your body's cells and is usually excreted through your urine. It does not tend to cause gastric distress like Sorbitol, Xylitol or particularly Malitol. I like to mix the ratio of 2 parts Demerara Sugar, 1 part Great Value Zero calorie sweetener (Erythritol & Stevia), & 1 part Lakanto. Excellent combination of taste and very little real sugar. Saves money using some Stevia (the Lakanto is quite expensive but great stuff). Stevia in the Raw brand is more expensive than the Great Value. Also it has Dextrose and Maltodextrin listed in the ingredients. Bad stuff. Dextrose is simply a form of glucose. Maltodextrin is a GMO corn derivative with an extremely high glycemic index of 150 produced from rice, potato or corn starch. It is known to contain MSG and it doesn't need to state that on the ingredient label. Monk Fruit in the Raw also has either Dextrose or Maltodextrin or both. Both Stevia in the Raw and Monkfruit in the Raw on the box make it seem as if they do not contain other stuff, but on the product label and packets, it shows the bad stuff.
I felt the white did not have the lovely maple-y taste of the golden.
The carbs are listed as 4g, which is the "sugar alcohols", which is the erythritol. However, NET-carbs of erythritol are zero (hence, it's also called "Zerose"), since it is excreted before it can enter the blood stream.
It is not listed on the ingredient label.
It is made in Japan. Here are the FAQs from their website http://www.lakanto.com/faq/
I don't know, but I tried it and it's terrible. I would not recommend it.
Monk Fruit is a deliciously sweet super fruit, packed with healthy antioxidants and vitamins. Discovered by monks in China 800 years ago on steep forested mountain slopes. It is a superfood! It does not feed yeast and does nothing in contributing to systemic fungal infections! Erythritol is 100% pure natural sweetener, made by the fermentation process of the natural sugar found in corn. If the corn is GMO then your in the danger zone! Also, be aware of natural flavors as it is equivalent to having a food carnival in your mouth. The natural flavor additives make it difficult to stop eating or drinking! Because the flavors synthesized and trickled your mind into wanting more & more!
I did not have a desire to consume more, but I only use it for drinks, one teaspoonful at a time. The price is too prohibitive for me to use it for any other purpose.
I don't know why it would taste bad. I have used it to sprinkle on cold foods and it tastes great
It is has the best flavor, if you bake you can't go wrong with the double strength.
I only use Watkins vanilla because it is much stronger and makes what I am baking more flavorful.
The shelf life of pure vanilla extract is indefinite. It should last as long as it doesn't get warm
it is exceptional - far superior taste than other vanilla's
Currently I do not have a jar to check, but when I last ordered it, the expiration date was well beyond the date I received it. It is delicious and I intend on ordering some more soon. Jane
No. It says "INGREDIENT: Raw unblanched organic almonds." That's it.
DONT KNOW
Yes.
Yes, I would definitely refrigerate any natural peanut or almond butter.
Yes it does, after it is thoroughly stirred and sampled. I don't trust those voodoo-nutbutters that magically don't need refrigeration. This is the best almond butter you'll ever experience and the Raccoons are pretty cool too.
By law almonds have to be pasteurized because of a few people gotmsick kkksick from them a couple years ago. There are three methods to pasteurize and one of them is with a highly toxic chemical that has industrial uses and even the huge rifle industry has quit using it because of its toxicity. Heating slightly is another method -Trader Joes does that. They are labeled raw but are not. Forgot the third method - maybe blanching. Google it. I took a package back to Costco because of this.
Yes they are. also not toasted, roasted or salted. They are a bit cheaper at Costco but not worth the trip if that is all you need. I eat them for a quick snack.
I bought mine well over a year ago. They were roasted and unsalted. I don't think nuts have gluten.
US
No, they are completely raw almonds.
Yes, I use them all the time to make almond milk. I just soak them overnight and they work great!
Raw but likely they have been irradiated which kills them and the enzymes. Thanks to a law the FDA passed a year or so ago to supposedly protect us :-(
It's just a reminder to be kind to people.
Yes, they use only gluten free ingredients.
One box with 20 bars.
That's a good question. I don't think tho. Sorry I couldn't be much help.
There's no egg or meat products in any of these, it's just fruit, nuts, sometimes chocolate or caramel, and goodness.
From what I remember: Madagascar vanilla almond, fruit & nut delight, blueberry pecan, almond coconut and dark chocolate nuts&sea salt, peanut butter dark chocolate. One more but I can't remember it. They were all delicious!
Yes. I sent them to my mom as a gift and she says that they are. If you look very closely at the package you should be able to see it. I had to go to the companies' website to zoom in on the front label.
Yes
The card is a reminder to be kind to people. I think attaching a simple, handwritten note of gratitude would be appropriate. Hope this helps.
Yes
The box that I received about a week ago had an expiration date of April 2015.
They appear to be. We've eaten almost all of our first box and the couple we have left are clearly gluten free and the box itself indicates that they are gluten free.
They do not have any chocolate in them! They all have some kind of nuts & honey in them.
They state they are whole nut and fruit bars made from "natural ingredients" (not to be confused with organic ingredients.) ...
Calories 110, Fat cal. 60, Total Fat 7g -p.s. the ones i ordered arrived stale :(
about 2.5 to 3 inches in length. 24g / .8oz
Sorry I don't have it I ate them all! Lol I usually have one a day for snack. They go quick so I never thought to check. They tasted fresh though.
Yes. It' on the label.
I am on a GFCFdiet...No Gluten Soy or Dairy.. There are a few (the chocolate ones of course) that I cannot have but the others I can.
yes
I actually asked the manufacturer this and this is the response I got: "The almonds in our Almond Butter are steam pasteurized. Steam treatments are surface treatments only. Multiple proprietary steam treatments are currently being utilized by the industry which meets USDA Organic Program standards. The short bursts of steam do not impact the nutritional integrity of the almond. These treatments do not "cook" proteins or destroy vitamins and minerals. The nutritional and sensory characteristics of the almonds remain unchanged when treated with steam." So rest easy.. they were never sent to the PPO gas chamber. Thanks, Woodstock.
yes
It contains almonds, only. I have the "unsalted, smooth" butter and recommend it highly. I do not miss the sodium and it is definitely tasty without any added sugar. Imagine a ripe banana/almond butter sandwich...ymmmmm.
I bought mine awhile ago..I was not happy with this brand..I found it to be very runny..I prefer Artisana Raw Organic Nut Butters...Much better
Made right here in the USA. It's incredible. Should come with warning that once you start eating it you can't stop
Almond butter is truly raw ONLY IF the almonds are UNPASTEURIZED. http://www.woodstock-foods.com/pages/productdetail.aspx?p=2693873760#show http://www.woodstock-foods.com/pages/productdetail.aspx?p=2693873761#show
they do make an organic almond butter but it costs a lot more. This one is not organic I think the organic one runs around 22 to 25 dollars you'd have to check . Hope this helps. Both are delicious, organic and non
No, it doesn't. There is no added oil of any kind.
It does not contain any soy. However I am not sure if it is processed where soy and other nuts are processed as well. The only ingredients are almonds.
This listing was originally for a single jar of Santa Cruz Dark Roast Creamy peanut butter. We will work together with amazon to restore this listing back to its original state. Sorry for any inconvenience this has caused.
USDA organic standards prohibit irradiation. Since this product is certified organic, it should not be irradiated.
No, but I eat it pretty quick...so good.
Chico California. (37 Speedway Ave., CA. 95928, tel. 888 569 6994)
Glass jar.
Hello from New Zealand. They are GMO free, derived from Spain. Santa Cruz Organic is an official and verified participant in the Non GMO Project so you can double check at www.nongmoproject.org where they have four of their peanut butter products listed. This site also lists all categories and is very useful!
The ingredients listed on the label are: organic roasted peanuts. That's it! IMO, this is what makes this product soooo good - it's just peanuts. Nothing else! Enjoy :)
This listing was originally for a single jar of Santa Cruz Dark Roast Creamy peanut butter. We will work together with amazon to restore this listing back to its original state. Sorry for any inconvenience this has caused.
Yes.
Six grams of protein per serving. A serving is two tablespoons.
http://www.bobsredmill.com/images/D/2903C16_b_UPDATED750.jpg
According to bobsredmill.com, 2 tablespoons are 90 calories. 50 of these calories are fat.
Their regular brand has 940 mg. per tablespoon. The reduced sodium brand has 700 mg. per tablespoon. I doubt I use a whole tablespoon in an entire stir-fry dish (skillet full), plus, I go heavy on the pepper instead of the salt; and the results taste yummy. Try adding 1/2 tablespoon AFTER your stir-fry is completely done--NOT while cooking. That seems to make the Tamari stand out AND cause less stickiness in the pan. :)
Yes it is, according to manufacturer it goes through a natural fermentation process.
Yes, the label says "Reduced Sodium" on the front. Even so, there are 700mg of sodium in a one tablespoon serving.
Glass.
This has lactic acid, which I believe is dairy derived.
Any label that has "Organic" means non-GMO.
No, it doesn't. The exact ingredients as listed are: water, organic soybeans, salt, organic alcohol (to preserve freshness)
No it does not contain any sugar.
Water, organic soybeans, salt, and organic alcohol (to preserve freshness). These are the ingredients listed, so I would have to say that none of the ingredients contain gluten. Hope this helps.
There is no caramel color in this Tamari according to the ingredients.
This actually is NOT 100% grass-fed. Their website states: Pasture Raised with Love! In a way cows are like kids - the more time outside the better. Our farmers send their cows out into lush, organic pastures for fresh air, exercise and grazing (weather permitting of course). Our Pasture-Raised animals receive the majority of their nutrition from organically managed pastures and stored dried grasses/forages. To ensure they get the complete nutrition they need, our cows may also be fed supplemental organic grains, both during the grazing season and into winter months. Supplemental organic grains can include any of the following: corn, soy, oats, barley, triticale and other small grains. Animals also receive necessary mineral supplements that sometimes include non-iodized salt.
Yes glass with plastic cap
From their site: "Purity Farms Ghee (Clarified Butter) is made from Grade AA Sweet Cream Certified Organic** butter." Package says it's "...from sweet cream butter from our pastured cows on our certified organic family farms." And package also says "USA farmed & manufactured" :)
this was the e-mail reply I received from Purity Farms when I inquired about their feeds and if they were gluten-free or not. "All animals receive 100% organic feed. All cows get a mixture of organic forages and organic grains in their diet. Forages are grass, hay, silage, baylage and other "green feeds". Hay is simply dried plant material like grass and alfalfa. Silage and baylage are fermented or "wet" plant material. Grains include corn, barley, soybeans, oats, field peas and flax. The amounts may vary depending on the individual farmers management techniques. The Purity Farms Ghee is gluten free."
That's really weird. This product has a single ingredient and it's "certified organic butter (milk)". California is a crazy state so I wouldn't worry. They may just consider saturated fat a carcinogen.
Yes of course - or spread on crackers, matzos etc
Unless it smells rancid its still good.
Yes. Ghee is essentially clarified butter that is cooked a bit longer until the clarified butter is golden and the milk solids at the bottom are toasted. You can keep it on your counter where it will be more liquid, or if you are going to use it as a spread, keep it in the fridge. In any event, if you aren't using it within 3 weeks to a month, you may want to keep it in the fridge anyway.
Scott, Purity Farms states the following, "No. If it is summertime or otherwise very warm in your kitchen, you may want to keep the Ghee in the refrigerator - (it thaws very quickly when you take it out of the fridge.) - but you don't have to. Keep the cap on when not in use, and always dip into the Ghee with a clean utensil. Otherwise, a harmless mold could eventually grow in the Ghee." We hope this helps! ~ Alix
I contacted Purity Farms at organicvalley.com and this is the response I received: Our farmers in all regions milk several breeds of cows, including Jersey, Guernsey, Holstein, Brown Swiss, Ayrshire and others. Milk from several farms is pooled together at the processing plants. There is no one breed that is always A2, nor is there one breed that is always A1. Cows must be tested for the presence of A2 beta casein (test patented by the A2 Corp.) and our farmers are not currently required to test. I don't know any producers of A2 Ghee. I hope this helps. netMart Customer Service
its great for making bullet proof coffee yes :)
Yes, it's good on everything where you would normally use butter! The taste is quite similar, and this ghee is soft and easily spreadable (especially since it's safe at room temp).
I wish i could tell you, but i have no idea what that is! What I CAN say is that its creamy and delicious, very small container, and best kept in the fridge to minimize risk of mold.
Yes
I had it in the cabinet for a few months until it was all gone and had no problems...it was still great tasting....
It's a glass jar with a twist cover (tin) :) Very small.
Potato (dry), salt, dextrose, freshness preserved with sodium bisulfite and BHT.
That is a good question! And to tell the truth I use both depending how soon I need them. Point 1: If I plan to use them in some the next day I use hot tap water. I let these set for about 12 to 24 hours. This aloes the hash brown to full re hydrate. I like to add dryed onions to both ways as well as my seasonings. Point 2: If I decide to use them the same day I use boiling water and I let them set for about a hour. This gives the potatoes a good taste.
1 box serves 4 people nicely. They're really delicious, so if you have 2 people that really like hashbrowns, you're good to go!
Yes, just keep it cold. I don't always use the whole container, so I keep re-hydrated hash browns in fridge for a few days, no problem.
exp. date on this order was 6/17/14. contains dry potato, salt, dextrose freshness preserved with sodiumbisultite and BHT. produced by Basic American Foods, Walnut Creek, CA.
I just received mine a week ago and the label says Best By 4/14/15.
No...just potatoes.........but I do add 1/2 grated onion before the hot water.....very easy. These are really good ........worth playing with!
I would think not because, if I understand gluten, it's something found in grains--not vegetables.
I am afraid they need to be fried to have them be crispy.
It really depend on what temp you store your food at. At regular room temp about 20 yrs
Glass bottles. I order this frequently.
I'm sorry I can't help, my bottles were used last year.
I don't believe there is one.
We have the 750 ml glass bottle. It's 10 1/8" tall, 2 3/4" across at the base & 3 1/8" across 3 1/2" up from the base (as the bottle curves out from the base) Mike
Yes
I do not believe it is GMO free. I checked my package and there is no indication it is GMO free. It is the best gluten free, potato starch free pasta I have tried.
The ingredients are just brown rice and water and don't indicate any allergen alerts to dairy or egg so I think you are good to go. I would call the manufacturer to be sure.
Yes, the back of the package states 3grams per serving
There are 7 slices measuring 3 1/2" x 6 1/2" and a little over 1/4" in thickness.
Approximately 7 mos. if unopened.
YES.
320 mg salt per serving, no transfat or saturated fat
It is allowed to grow naturally and without any artificial fertilizers and insecticides and then is harvested by Indians by hand from canoes as was done many moons ago. That and the fact that it is super good and nutritious. It can also be blended with other rice types for those who want the extra flavor but not as strong.
Yes, it is long grain, and the grains appear to be in tact.
I cannot find anything on the packaging to answer the question, but you can contact the company to ask: https://www.gourmethouserice.com/en-us/contact_us/default.aspx
Yes, it is. And that turns out to be a lot of wild rice!!! Enjoy.
Yes
Sorry, we do not know. We have used this bread for a long time and it has always been good.
Each loaf has seven slices.
I always do. Double bag it.
No, rye grain has gluten and this bread is rye.
These are natural breads, -no preservatives. I keep mine (in a ziplock bag/air squeezed out), in the fridge, cheese/lunchmeat drawer...it's an easy grab all together, and it generally keeps for 1-2 weeks, -though it's usually used up in a few days. Have bought this product & similar & handled this way for almost 20 years, -with good results.
There are 115 mg. of sodium in one cup of Imagine Low Sodium Chicken Broth. I like that I can add the amount of salt I want, or none at all. It's the best Chicken Broth I've ever used.
No sugar at all, unless you count carrots. Ingredients:organic chicken broth (filtered water w/ organic chicken), organic onions, organic celery, organic carrots, natural chicken flavor, organic spices, sea salt. Total carbs/ 8 oz 2g, sugars &lt;1g, sodium 115, calories 20. Hope this helps
Yes, organic onions are listed on the ingredient declaration.
The product labeling does not state gluten free however the ingredients do not show any wheat, barley or rye and it does state allergy free. I suggest writing to the manufacturer if there is any doubt and someone has a gluten allergy.
yes, look at the pictures on the amazon site and you will find one showing the ingredients list
Ingredients listed on label: Sugar, Potassium Chloride, Onion Powder, Maltodextrin, Monoammonium glutamate,gelatin,beef fat, autolyzed yeast, silicon dioxide(anticaking agent), caramel color, spice, disodium, inosinate and disodium guanylate, dextrose, flavoring.
This product is distributed by Hormel Foods LLC; the nutritional value listed at their website is 430mg of potassium in a single 4g packet. If you have any additional questions about this product, you can call them at 1-800-523-4635.
I don't understand your question. The date on my jars is about 2 years in the future. As well sealed as these jars are, they probably will be good to use beyond that time.
The label says one teaspoon but I use a rounded teaspoon. Just used it in a one pot dish of goulash and it was pretty darned good.
Yes, it is marked gluten free on the label and also says no MSG.
Yes
Absolutely. It works better that way actually.
Yup. Entirely free of wheat flour.
Yes, it is.
This mix makes one loaf and we get 10-15 good slices depending on thickness.
I did not try it with my bread machine ! I just followed the box instructions which were easy - it turned out nice every time! After it cooled I sliced the entire loaf with an electric knife and then froze two slices each in sandwich bags for easy removal and thawing! Good Luck! &#128522;
They hold together. Not hard nor soft. Just about right. In such a large can there are just a few which are breaking apart. These have a great flavor and texture.
Rice, Water, Grape Leaves, Soybean Oil, Onion, Dill, Salt, Citric Acid, Mint, Black Pepp They are packed in the soybean oil. If you want to "cut" the oil a bit, you can sprinkle them with some vinegar or lemon juice.
80 Calories, 3 grams of fat per 2 pieces. Taste very good. Well worth the money, LOVE THEM!
Hi, I checked the can and a serving is 2 pieces = 60 grams @ about 34 servings in a can, so about 68 pieces per 70-oz can. I hope that helps. I love these things & now that I looked at the can I have to have some for dinner! I like to warm them in the microwave just a little...yum.
68-70 pieces. They're really good too!
we freeze them and it works well! don't know how long the last in fridge.
125 mg. per piece
Yes they are. I am gluten intolerant, and eat them all the time without any problem whatsoever - so I do not believe that there is even any chance of cross contamination.
Sorry but I don't have that information, all I know is they are super tasty, that is why I buy them maybe that question would be better directed at the company that makes/sells them.
Actually only 3 carbs to count, because of the fiber. (subtract fiber from carbs to get actual carbs)
You can NOT just substitute this for regular flour in your baking. You should get on the Internet and research recipes calling for Almond Flour. It is wonderful to make gluten free cakes and brownies with, but needs adjustments when substituting for flour. Regular flour tastes like powder and this is ground nuts.
No. You make almond milk with raw almonds and a good food processor. The leftovers after you filter the almond milk is almond flour.
I kept mine in the fridge for a couple of months and then transferred to the freezer and it was there for 4 or 5 months. The shelf life is great if kept refrigerated. Great for cookies.
Depends, I always keep mine in the freezer and it lasts forever. I would say sniff if and if it has a rancid smell, toss it. I don't recall if it does have an expiration date. Have just sued up mine.
Probably. They will have almond flavor.
I put my flour in the freezer to increase the life of the flour. I have had regular flour in the pass for quite some time.
Ingredients: Coconut Extract, Water, Citric Acid (as antioxidant), Sodium Metabisulfite (as preservative)
No this coconut milk doesn't have any added sugar.
Ingredients: Coconut Extract, Water, Citric Acid (as antioxidant), Sodium Metabisulfite (as preservative)
I believe so. They are metal.
Ingredients: Coconut Extract, Water, Citric Acid (as antioxidant), Sodium Metabisulfite (as preservative)
I just order these a month ago and it was June 2015 and it contains 9 packs of 3 strips
I was concerned about that question too. My shipment arrived yesterday and it's just the yeast.
Each packet is 1/4 oz. On the back of one, is product information: "Approximately 2-1/4 tsp. equal one 1/4 oz. packet . . . Three 1/4 oz. packets equal the activity of one 2 oz. yeast cake." It also mentions a website (www.redstaryeast.com) that might give you more info/tips/recipes. Hope this helps!
No
I've since bought a bulk bag of yeast, but if I remember correctly, it was 9 strips of 3 packets each.
Enriched bleached wheat flour (wheat flour, niacin, iron, thiamine mononitrate, riboflavin, frolic acid), brown sugar, sugar, molasses, partially hydrogenated soybean and cottonseed oil, wheat starch, baking powder (sodium acid pyrophosphate, sodium bicarbonate, corn starch, monocalcium phosphate), sodium bicarbonate, spices, egg yolk solids, salt, caramel color, soy flour, and soy lecithin.
We have only made cookies and mini-muffins. Box instructions say 8 x 8 pan, but we would use 8 inch round cut in wedges.
Have been unable to compare but taste is same. By far much better than what is on supermarket shelves.
The foiling on them had green so if my cadbury-fu is correct, they're a US product.
They are pretty safe to eat long after Easter. Its chocolate and sugar. Neither of which go bad very quickly. It might not be as tasty as a "fresher" egg but think about how delicious they are... its worth the risk. Personally I wouldnt think twice about eating them. If they have spoiled (which is unlikely) at least I know I would die with a smile on my face from having just enjoyed one of those delicious little eggs.
England utilizes cane sugar which is sweeter.
There will be no change in the US product. Only in the UK product. The US product never had dairy milk. Lots of news on this today after all the misinformation yesterday
No; the ingredients are written on the box holding the eggs. And what kind of warnings & disclaimers do you need because there are none
Sorry, I don't know, I usually don't keep it long enough to have it expire as fresh and drinkable. In my humble opinion, Hires is the best and only root beer I buy and unfortunately it isn't sold at any store near me. Amazon is the best place and shipping is usually free, to get it. RC
In the blue box at the upper right hand corner where you add the item to your cart, and specify the quantities, It states that there is free shipping.
When I ordered, I had the same question. I received 2 twelve packs
Joseph, Yes it does. Hoping in the future they'll offer Cane Sugar like other manufacturers are doing. Here's the link to the full nutrition content. http://www.dpsgproductfacts.com/product/HIRES_ROOT_BEER_12
just received package, shippped from romeoville illinois..........best birthday gift i could get from my wife..........wonder where it's produced............thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
60%
Organic Raw Cane Sugar, Organic Fat-Reduced Cocoa Powder, Organic Dark Chocolate Powder (which includes: Organic Chocolate Liquor, Organic Raw Cane Sugar, Organic Cocoa Butter, Soy Lecithin, Organic Vanilla Extract)
Contains soy. Manufactured on equipment w peanut tree nut and whear
ABOUT 8
No idea but it's multi spring now use to be New Zealand pure I now drink 1907 water that took over this brand
Unfortunately I don't know. All I know is that the person who drinks it had some stomach acidity issue, and this water was recommended to her by her nutritionist, and it has indeed helped with the stomach problem issue. Hope this helps. Why don't you contact the company itself, maybe they'll give you the info you need.
A+
Yes I would. I love the Nature Valley product line. Flavor and texture are quite important to me and they hit the mark. INGREDIENTS: Soy Flour, Vegetable Oil (Soy or Palm), Isolated Soy Protein, Methylcellulose, Natural Flavor, Wheat Gluten, Salt, Extract of Malted Barley, Onion, Garlic, Spices, Yeast Extract, Beet Powder. Contains: Soy, Wheat. Nutritionally: Serving Size 30 g Servings Per Container 5 Amount Per Serving Calories 120 Calories from Fat 50 % Daily Value* Total Fat 5 g 8% Saturated Fat 3 g 15% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 360 mg 15% Total Carbohydrate 8 g 3% Dietary Fiber 4 g 16% Sugars 1 g Protein 14 g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 4% Iron 10% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. I like it! We also have to bare in mind that the added use of buns, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, etc adds to the nutritional values. I most definitely will be buying more.
Most definitely. You can freeze left overs, and thaw them out with no problems. I have done that many times already. I am the only vegan here so sometimes I freeze foods I prepare so that I don't end up eating the same meal several days in a row.
I usually make meatballs adding chopped onions, cracker crumbs, salt, pepper, Italian seasoning, etc . I brown small meatballs in oil and make sure they are cooked through. I use them with pasta or put into lasagna. I have made hamburgers and meatloaf. I use it wherever ground beef is called for. I haven't been disappointed yet, but our favorite is the meatballs.
I'll find out for you from HVV. However, I live far & have kept them past their "Best Used" by date & did not notice any change in their behavior.
they use wheat, so no it is not sadly. I have also had to adopt a gluten free diet so I am no longer able to enjoy this product. The have said they are working on becoming gluten free
The packets don't require refrigeration as it is a dry mix. I have used up mine so don't know about expiration dates on the product but I am sure they can be on the shelf for at least a year.
I saw this item for $3.99 at my local Whole Foods. This is slightly more, but I think it is worth the convenience of having it delivered to my doorstep. Hope this helps!
Yes, 30 oz of Kona BLEND (10% Kona), this is deceptive advertising causing people to think this is a 100% Kona; IT IS NOT 100% KONA
I have always been pleased with the blend. Quite honestly, with the dramatic cost difference, I have never invested in the 100% Kona.
It's medium ... As I gauge medium. We've been drinking it for over four years and love it! My family is all serious coffee drinkers. Well worth a try.
People drink coffee made from Bat Excrement and its supposed to be the best in the world. We have been drinking this coffee for three years and have no fungi associated problems. This is the closest to 100% pure Kona we have tried and I am sure the hot water kills any mycotoxins. To be honest I have never heard of Mycotoxins and had to look it up.
Don't really know. This is the only coffee I've bee buying for years, great taste
I don't know. There is nothing on the label that is wrapped around the can to indicate one way or the other. I checked their website and could not find any information concerning the bpa issue. You could always give them a call and ask. I hope this helps.
I just pulled a can from my pantry. It says "Product of USA". It also says certified Organic by USDA.
No.
Mushrooms, water, and sea salt, are the only ingredients in the can....
The cans I purchased state: Product of the USA. There is no mention of another country on the label.
I hope you have tried this "cheese" and I would suggest buying it from a regular grocery store....it's good and runs around five dollars per pack here in Atlanta....
The ingredients are listed in the product description and also on the Daiya website. Here is a link to their product list. Click on any item, and the ingredients will be displayed. http://us.daiyafoods.com/our-products The shreds are at the bottom of the page.
It does have a best before date on the package but you can also freeze them, which is great! That being said, I have had 1 package that contained mold when I opened it (before the best before date). I contacted Daiya and they provided me with 2 coupons for free product to replace the 1 moldy product. They only require a few numbers off the package so don't throw it out before you get a reply from them.
I hope you have tried this "cheese" and I would suggest buying it from a regular grocery store....it's good and runs around five dollars per pack here in Atlanta....
The ingredients are listed in the product description and also on the Daiya website. Here is a link to their product list. Click on any item, and the ingredients will be displayed. http://us.daiyafoods.com/our-products The shreds are at the bottom of the page.
It does have a best before date on the package but you can also freeze them, which is great! That being said, I have had 1 package that contained mold when I opened it (before the best before date). I contacted Daiya and they provided me with 2 coupons for free product to replace the 1 moldy product. They only require a few numbers off the package so don't throw it out before you get a reply from them.
2 calories per k cup. Coffee doesn't have many calories it's what you put in it that gives it calories!
Yes
Yes even though the packaging is decaf green
No its regular coffee with the hint of Carmel vanilla flavor.
Yes! As long as it has keurig logo you are good!!
Straight black
No
No, it isn't. Just flavored coffee.
Brown, just as other coffee
Yes it's the best coffee.
The baguettes are separately wrapped...you can open just one and heat it, or both. The heating time is only 4-5 minutes in a 400 degree oven.
Absolutely. I buy several packages and keep them in the freezer for impromptu times. Makes great garlic bread, cheese bread, etc.
Six two packs, Albert. A total of 12 long baguettes. And they're good, particularly if you bake then for a few minutes as described on the packaging
These peanuts are just plain roasted, no oil, no salt.
I had mine for 7 months and between making pb, snacks and cooking with them I used them and never had issues with then expiring. Though I never saw an expiration date.
It does not say that they are on the packaging. I would assume no.
yes they are the same
no skins no shells no salt
The ingredients listed on the box are: specialty flour blend (rice flour, tapioca starch), potato starch, whole grain brown rice flour, calcium carbonate, niacinamide (A B Vitamin), reduced iron, thiamin hydrochloride (vitamin B1), riboflavin (Vitamin B2).
Looks to be 1 24oz box....the price of gluten free is expensive. I started experimenting with other flours and have found brown rice flours works well with less cost.
Specialty flour blend (rice flour, tapioca starch) potato starch, whole grain brown rice flour, calcium carbonate, niacinamide (A B vitamin) reduced iron, thiamin hydrochloride (vitamin B1) riboflavin (vitamin B2)
I can't see on the label that there is any sulphur: to be sure you might want to call their customer service to make sure if it is a big issue.
No, is my experience. I have used it (and this is by far and away the best ready-made flour to approximate gluten-ful) on the dough cycle to mix and knead, but as with all gluten-free recipes, letting the mixture sit over night before baking is key to a decent result. The mixture will still be soupy and I use loaf pans to bake it. The gluten-free websites are now many, and they can help.
No xanthan gum is needed with this product. You can just use it as a direct substitute for wheat flour in any recipe. It has worked well in any baking recipe I have tried. Best of luck in your wheat free holiday baking!
I don't know yet about fried chicken - I only made chicken marsala with it. It was yummy according to my husband!
I didn't. I have used it to make carrot cake and coconut pie and both were great. I treated it just like any glour
Reading from the side of the box "Nutrition Facts:" Serving size - 3 tbsp. = Total Carbohydrates 24g, dietary fiber 0g, Sugars 0g.
Didn't add anything to flour, for me it was fine.
Whole Grain Sorghum Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Milled Flax Seed, GDL, Corn Starch, Sodium Bicarbonate, Xanthan Gum, Flake Salt. You have to add milk, eggs or egg alternate, oil and sugar to make waffles or pancakes. The ingredients are per the Hodgson Mill website.
Not sure. Sorry only make pancakes with it.
Yes.
Yes. Mine came w babies, but I had to cut them off due to weather conditions
I just use an ordinary watering can with a fine spout. (Made for indoor plants, this sort of thing http://www.bing.com/shopping/dynamic-design-wc1018fe-watering-can-fern-dydwc1018fe/p/52A25876EC0588715012?q=watering+can+for+indoor+planrs&lpq=watering%20can%20for%20indoor%20planrs&FORM=HURE . How often depends on the time of year, I let the soil dry out a little on top between waterings so it's evenly moist but never soggy. I like to water it with a liquid fertilizer every other month or so and about once a year I will put the plant in the sink or shower pot and all and water it really good- let the fresh water flow through. This will leach out the salt buildup. Dont do this often though, just when you see salty deposits build up around the drain holes is how you know it's time. So , that's the deluxe treatment but spider plants are tough and really forgiving. My plant I bought is still thriving and gorgeous. It's huge and has needed repotted twice since I bought it. Hope this helps.
You need to ask the seller. I only bought one for myself and it came very healthy and is doing wonderfully. If I buy more later will use this seller again.
No - just the typical plant holder
http://www.aspca.org/Pet-care/ask-the-expert/ask-the-expert-poison-control/spider-plants.aspx According the the ASPCA it is not considered toxic. Yahoo answers is not a great resource to trust given ANYONE can post to it. T. Phillips, I just did a google search for the same question you asked, and that link from the ASPCA was the first hit. Cheers
Hi Erica, I can't answer this question definitively but it appears that Idahoan Foods, which makes Honest Earth, is a company that opposes GMO labeling. My understanding is that they have contributed to the lobby that opposes GMO labeling.
Yes, we have used them after the expiration date and they tasted fine and no one was adversely affected.
Hi Carole. I am not sure of the answer to your specific question, but I ordered mine on Feb 20, 2014 and they are marked Best Before 11-13-14.
I purchased 4 boxes and they 2 have 1/12/2015 and the other 2 have 1/17/2015 expiration dates.
When I first purchased them in the fall of 2013, the expiration was January 2014, about two months to expiration. It took a while to use them up, and they were fine after the expiration date - finished the box in June 2014 and we noted no change or degradation of the product. I was able to purchase a box at Costco this last winter which I am using now (expiration 11/14), but I believe it to be a seasonal only offering there.
Don't know. Your best bet would probably be to contact the company that makes this product.
We have placed no restrictions however Amazon has obligation to honor manufacturer's export guidelines. I can check with Amazon as to why it can't be exported.
Not sure what the question really is ? I have no reason to think there is anything wrong with the purity of product. What we have bought has always been great tasting and easy to prepare. You wont find better tasting mashed potatoes.
Serving size being relative; about 8 one cup polite servings, I think. Or 4 heaping guy size servings. About a med size mixing bowl. The flavor is all there; they got the heavy weight sturdy near puncture proof vacuumed packaging down right and the dehydration down right. Don't add salt until you've tasted them. There are 4 things in mashed potatoes, so when it didn't call for salt with the milk and butter I thought they were just sounding healthy. We use salt and added some to the boiled water / milk mix. There is some salt in the dried potatoes and none needed to be added, especially if you open a package or can of gravy that has salt in it. No food in your kitchen is as fast to the table except maybe toast without the time to butter it. Directions are to stir the product into your water / milk / butter mix and let it sit 10 - 15 seconds. Not minutes. Give it 15 - the consistency is perfect. Wonderful stuff, miraculously thought out; cup for cup you can't buy fresh potatoes as inexpensive as these. Check the exp date, it's a lot of mashed potatoes. I grow my own potatoes but won't be using them for mashed. It's such a fine product I dread some corp will buy the company, not leave it alone, and believe people will buy the brand and never know they cut quality. But you do with potatoes. Always. Pick up the BarBQued chicken at the market, boil the water why you get out the plates; your done.
I doubt it. They are so quick to make that I wouldn't bother even attempting it. Just boil water and butter. Add potatoes and milk. Let sit 10 seconds.
It's not age that determines when it's ready to produce fruit, but the bulk of the cactus itself. Many growers say that the cacti must weight about 10lbs before you have any chance of it fruiting. The growth of the cactus varies by climate. I live in Connecticut, and unfortunately my cactus has to live indoors for half of the year to avoid frost damage. I've had it for almost 3 years and it still hasn't borne fruit. I'm hoping this summer will finally be fruitful, pun intended!
You might need to do the pollination yourself because mine is not even growing up that fast and it's not showing any sights of giving fruit yet
I'm not sure, mine is zone 5 where I'm at in Pennsylvania, so I go it as a houseplant. Its doing ok but the plant that they send to you is very small and its going to take a long , long time for it to produce the fruit. No instructions come with it , so I treat it as a Orchid cactus. Sorry that I can't give any more than that.
plant produces fruit shown in picture
My dragon fruit plant died a week after I got it so I didn't get the chance to see it grow much more to try pollinate it.
Nope. Contains only onion!
Probable yes but with or corn starch or flour added. The container does not give information about the ingredients.
Mine says "Packed in USA" and Questions 800[632-5847
Yes. I just searched and McCormick states that its herbs and spices are gluten free.
Robyn, don't know the exact amount but a good guess would be approximately 185 per 2 pounds. However, the original flavors were lime, lemon, orange, grapefruit and raspberry. That has been changed in the past 6 years to lemon, orange, pink grapefruit, raspberry and blueberry. In my personal opinion, I wish they would go back to the original flavors. They were much better. How this helps you. Bob Gum
This is soft chewy candy. Yummy too! They just added some news flavors and all are good!
They are made in a peanut free facility; I buy them for a family member who is allergic to peanuts. I don't know about sesame or coconut, as I don't have a bag right now.
I never counted them, but between those two numbers I would say it is closer to 185. There are definitely way more than 75. Maybe 75 are in a 1 lb bag?
Lemon, orange, grapefruit, blueberry and raspberry (way too many of the last flavor). No lime - discontinued awhile back.
Yes
I think so yes, as it is freeze-dried. Actually, that's a good idea and I think I will try it. We live in Reno where it is SUPER dry...so moisture in the air is not a problem here.
I've heard from experts that dried spices have a shelf life about 1 year depending on the spice. Freeze dried spices may have a a 2 to 3, again depending on the spice, if kept from moisture and out of light according to experts. I've had mine for less than a year and it's still good.
The label reads: the Spice Hunter, Inc. San Luis Obisbo, CA 93401 USA spice hunter.com
Yes
They came with a few packs of the candy, but none preloaded in the dispenser
Mine had 5 different hero's. Batman, Spiderman, Thor, the Hulk, and Iron Man. Only one Iron man in the bunch, but I'm sure it varies.
I can't remember exactly - I used a 12x9 gift bag bc I also put a book in it. I guess they were around 6 inches tall and 3 inches wide.
Yes, it has little packs for each of the dispensers in the packages.
There were twelve per package in the ones we got.
Yes, Half and half works great!
The boxes I received have a 2016 expiration date.
Makes about 6 servings per box.
This is what's on the box I have. "Microwave Instructions: Thoroughly mix milk and cream with crme brle mix in a microwave safe 2 qt. bowl. Cook covered on high for 3 minutes. Stir, and cook for an additional 3 minutes. Follow directions above to complete." Hope this helps.
I checked 2 different boxes and nowhere do they mention that they are Gluten Free.
The attune box contains 7 bars (1 box/week). I have not purchased from this vendor, but I remember paying around $12/box of 7. This indicates that "per item" is "per box of 7" in this case. I cannot verify this however, maybe someone who purchased more recently can?
No, only with a cold pack.
Yes, best kept in the refrigerator - these are kept in the chilled section at health stores....
Here's the scoop from: http://www.attunefoods.com/products/attune/probiotic-chocolate-dark-bar Ingredients Dark chocolate coating (chocolate, cane sugar, cocoa powder, inulin, calcium carbonate, cocoa butter, soy lecithin [an emulsifier], vanilla), *6.1 billion Probiotic cultures (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019, Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM, Lactobacillus casei LC-11). Pro Tip: keep em in the frig, let them get warmer before eating! a cold attune bar is a bit like sucking on a ruler.
There are seven bars per box. And you usually get 4 boxes at a time. They are delicious too!
Its the cream color. I bagged mine into ziplocks and froze them (its a seed so can go rancid). I was very happy with this purchase.
I have contacted one of the sellers to find this out. My guess is that it is not, but hopefully, I am wrong.
It's a 25 pound bag that is 12 inches wide across the bottom, 18 inches tall, and about 3 inches thick. The bag also says 11.34 kg.
It is always advised to rinse product before cooking due to processing and warehousing. None of those facilities are sterile. I purchase 5 gallons buckets with lids at local hardware stores for my bulk purchases. Lids seal tight. No issues with heat, cold, insects or rodents. Store in the basement or the garage on shelves or (as i do) heavy metal rolling racks purchased from Sam's club
I don't have the bag and i didn't check but i imagine if you keep it dry and in an air tight container in other words store it properly it would keep at least a year but i don't know for sure
This is a grain that is supposed to be higher in protein content compared to white rice. You can try a small quantity of this that's available in stores like Whole Foods or Trader Joes before buying a large quantity bag like this one. This usually needs a little bit more water to cook well. See if you like the taste. Goodluck!
I sent FoodserviceDirect Inc your question (the merchant that sells this product); when I hear back I will post an answer for you.
Not real sure about shelf life. Might want to check on-line for more information.
They actually suggest refrigeration, but I order these in bulk in 25 lb boxes and store them in a large kitchen cabinet, and I can attest that they last at least a year. I would like to put some in my food storage but haven't tried it yet. I think if they're dry packed in foil pouches or buckets with an O2 pack, they would probably last quite a while. The big threat would be rancidity, but since they have a very low fat content, I think they'd be OK. I can't see why they'd be any different than TVP.
Probably because the growers of the beans did not opt to acquire the organic certification. There are plenty of growers, especially local, small farms, that don't use pesticides but you can't claim to be USDA certified if you're not and that is a lengthy (and sometimes costly, depending on the size of the farm) government procedure that some people just don't want to get involved with.
Yes, you can definitely make Jerky out of them. Butler Foods (the soy curls manufacturer) has a new vegan jerky made from soy curls.
I'm afraid I don't know what hexene is. The label says for ingredients:Whole Non-GMO Soy Beans. Butler has it's own website. You may find your answer there. www.butlerfoods.com
They can be found here: http://butlerfoods.com/products/soycurls.html
Apples, canola, sunflower and/or safflower oil, corn syrup, citric acid, ascorbic acid (vitamin C).
I have not seen anything the package to think maybe. There is nothing on the description; so I feel like no is the right answer
Yes, it is Gluten free.
They get eaten so fast in my house that a carton never lasts more than two weeks so I really don't know!
.7 ounce not 7 it's!
When I purchased Drake's coffee cakes, the expiration date was, if I remember correctly, about 1-2 weeks from when I ordered them.
I don't have the box for the exact info. My opinion is that they are delicious but not low in fat or sugar.
260 calories for 2 cakes (90 from fat), so 130 calories of awesomeness per cake.
Thomas, I'm going to forward this question to my son, he's the one who actually made the clam chowder
Sorry, not sure. Doesn't it list the size of the can? These are supersized. We usually use one can for a large batch of chowder.
I don't know the facts about them, but I can tell you we returned them due to the taste being horrible.
Sorry, no idea.
There are 24 bags in the box which comes to 30 oz for the Cracker Jack or 2 oz less than 2 lbs.
The box of bags I received last week (week of Feb 8, 2015) says: Guaranteed Fresh Until 14 AUG 15. But as it's a sealed bag and there's really nothing to spoil, I would pay absolutely no attention to it and it does not say anything about spoiling, only freshness.
Yes
The X's must be written in lower case for measurements. I did not initially understand what you meant. I would estimate 5-6 inches length by same in H.
Correct! 48 total
It's popped. It's a bunch of single serving bags of ready to eat Kettle Corn.
The package that I received was fresh.
9 packs of 8 bags of popcorn. So 9 bundles of popcorn in one large box and each bundle has 8 bags. The bags inside the bundles only have 1 small serving each. I found it wasn't as good of a deal as I had expected. If you want individual small servings for diet purposes, it's a good option. But for just buying in bulk to save, not so much.
72 individual serving size bags.
I've ordered these before and I'm pretty sure they 0.70 oz
I've seen it in the refrigerated section on one market, but on a rack at Trader Joes. I double or triple bag my breads and always freeze them to extend their life. Just be sure to keep as much air out of the bag as you can when wrapping it in the bags.
It is harmless as it has to do with the baking process of the bread. If the bread gets moist the mold will be more green, stuck to the bread, and will definitely have hair on it. I've gone through cases of this stuff and left one in the cupboard too long and that one did get moldy but that white powder is nothing to worry about.
here is the ingredient list: udi's best blend (tapioca & potato starch, brown rice & teff flour, modified tapioca starch), water, non-gmo vegetable oil (canola or sunflower or safflower), egg whites, evaporated cane juice, tapioca maltodextrin, tapioca syrup, yeast, flax seed, xanthan gum, salt, baking powder (sodium acid pyrophosphate, sodium bicarbonate, corn starch, monocalcium phosphate), cultured corn syrup solids (natural mold inhibitor), dry molasses, enzymes. contains egg
No it is soft but I suggest its kept in the refrigerator for a longer shelf life.I will also let you know that the slices can have a lot of holes in it so when buying it be sure to examine the loaf before purchasing it. Good luck and take care.
There is no information about that on the pack.
shipping cost , they need to ship in priority mail so that we freeze it when we receive
I think it was 8
When I received it it was not frozen. You can keep it in the freezer and before you eat you can use toaster to defrost or leave it on the kitchen counter for about an hour or two. It stays fresh for about 5-6 days in the closed bag.
7 days in room temp
On the the UDI's website, it has "8-packs" (including the white sandwich bread) or "6-packs" depending on the product.
Be careful with the loaves...these are actually mini loafs!!! They aren't the same size as the ones from Jason's Deli (I have found them in the big loaves at Costco)!!! When they ship the bread- it's frozen. Most stores carry it in their freezer sections- if they carry it "fresh" in their isles- don't be tricked...it was just frozen before they put it out. The bread tastes great after freezing. I have actually picked it up "fresh" and re-froze it and it's been fine. Udi's is the best tasting one out there!!
Each loave is 12 ounces. There are 8 loaves per case.
I freeze all my Udis bread. Then I pull it out 1 slice at a time and lightly toast it for sandwiches. You could set out several slices at a time in a container if you're going to eat them within a few days. Gluten free stuff should be left on the counter in a container or put in the freezer...the fridge dries it out.
Yes. Udi's does much better when it's frozen. It's simple to thaw in the toaster or microwave. It takes about 10 seconds.
I have also seen it available at WalMart and Publix for about $4.99/loaf.
Either six or eight. Can't recall for sure because I've been buying loaves in 3's at my local gocer's.
This will actually work but you'll need to rehydrate the garlic in holy water prior to use .
The bottle doe not list anything but it says "made from 100% California-grown fresh garlic that has been dehydrated and milled to size". hope that helps.
This is not minced garlic, it is smaller pieces than that. The word "Granulated" is a good description, think grains of sand not "flour-like" powder.
California
Yes I actually called and it is grown and packaged entirely in California. Hope this helps. It's very tasty I just ordered my second container actually.
Coarser grind. Excellent taste.
It is hard plastic with a lid that has one side for spooning out contents and one side that is a shaker.
All I know is that this garlic is grown in USA and I have never heard of an America garlic being GMO.
Yes, it appears to be. When the cap is screwed on tightly I can't smell garlic on the outside.
April 2016! :)
I grind the wheat berries and make bread with it. I haven't used it for biscuits, cakes, cookies or pie crusts, but I'm sure there are recipes for making these with wheat flour. I also use the wheat berries and sprout them for my salads.
Yes, I have used Great River organic wheat grass seeds for several months with great success. After washing the seeds, I soak the seeds with hydrogen peroxide for 30 minutes; soak for 10 hours , then wash again and soak again for another 10 hours, wash and drain . I use cococoir for planting
This is whole wheat berries, not flour....
Since this product is certified organic and non-gmo I doubt it is irradiated, however, I am not sure. You could always contact them and ask.
I purchased an airtight pet food storage container. I keep that in the house.
No, it is not ground wheat (flour). This is hard red, unmilled wheat. You would need a grain mill if you wanted to turn it into flour.
If you keep it cool and dry, and bugs out, it would last indefinitely. The key is Gamma lids on buckets to keep any bugs out, and I prefer to keep it cool in the basement.
This wheat is not einkorn wheat. It is just organic. Not all products labelled organic is non gmo. It just certifies how it is grown.
Yes. Makes wonderful bread. I grind it in my komo machine
Yes, you can plant it. I use it to make bread and for sprouts. It sprouts relly great. You defi niitely can plant it
I don't know about reviews but I love this flour. I get the organic whole wheat. I use it to make dog treats, bread, bread sticks, pizza crust , veggie burger buns and other stuff. It could be used to make cupcakes and cookies. It's just flour and really nice flour. Thanks
Take your pick: http://www.bread-machine-recipes.com/
I have been using this to bake bread, combined with other flours, no problem. It's not that the gluten is added, rather it is that some types of wheat berries have a naturally higher gluten content, making them better for bread baking. Thus the naming of the flour as "bread" flour. The recipe I use can be found, with video, at my blog titled "the nature of brown whyte" Hth, Holly
It's very dense so I use 1/2 and 1/2 white flour and the wheat flour it's very good try it
Don't know much about the whole grain site. They don't say if the sponsor non GMO grains or all whole grains. I am only interested in non GMO foods, which Great River Organic Milling has. Hope that helps.
No you don't need to mix anything to make it rise. I make vegan bread wish this flour all the time and use only the whole wheat flour, yeast, water, olive oil, coconut milk, salt and molasses. It's yummy and it does not need anything else. I hope that helps.
No, I made bread by hand only with this flour. I do not own a bread machine. My favorite recipe was where you let the majority of the flour soak over night. I would soak 3 cups of flour in 1 cup warm water(sometimes throwing in a handful of oatmeal or flax) then the next morning add the rest of the ingredients. It also seemed to rise better but I did knead for 15 minutes. Totally flour I used in the recipe was approx. 4 cups with a bit more for kneading. I got 2 8x5 loaves out of it. I found the recipe via google.
I bet it could. It lasts me a long time in the bag it comes in. You should try it.
The whole wheat bread flour is from red spring wheat that is approximately 14 percent protein and has a higher gluten content. The pastry flour is from white winter wheat that tends to have a softer quality. It is approximately 9 percent protein and lower gluten so it is better for lighter things like pastries and quick breads. They are both whole wheat just different varieties of wheat.
It does not say anywhere on the bag.
It's just the edible part that is ground up. The seed was hulled.
Can you take a picture of what you have and send it to my e-mail? rhalverson@greatrivermilling.com. We have always had black specs in our buckwheat flour because we grind the whole buckwheat and then sift off a portion of the outer layer. This leaves some black specs in the flour this is how you make dark buckwheat flour. If the sifter was not set properly it could be a mistake in milling. I would like to see it.
Here is the response I received from the company when I asked about equipment: Our organic buckwheat is milled on a separate piece of equipment but in the same facility as wheat. On Amazon we do offer a buckwheat flour that is certified gluten free. We are just initiating the Amazon product so you would need to go on Amazon.com and sign up to be notified when its available. Thanks Rick
It would have to say bleached by law. Bleaching flour requires a acid, like citric or ascorbic acid. If an acid is not listed in the ingredients, it is safe to say that it is unbleached. Most bleached flours will also be labeled as "enriched" because all the vitamins and minerals were striped away from the bleaching process.
Per the company's website, this flour is a blend of course ground wheat, brown rice, corn, rye, oats, barley, and millet.
Sure, but then use some King Arthur bread flour with it. I use 50/50.
Mixed with nothing but an equal weight of water (120g of each), a vibrant starter quickly sprang to life from this flour. After just 24 hours it doubled or tripled in volume! At that point, it had kind of a "sulphuric grapefruit" smell, but after a week of daily dumping and feedings, it mellowed into a deliciously fragrant starter. Yesterday, I made my best loaf of sourdough bread ever! I think the fact that the sourdough culture started so quickly, is an indication of how fresh and healthy this flour is; loaded with the natural yeasts and enzymes to work perfectly with this blend of grains. I'm really impressed!
Yes. I use one part of this, one part of white flour, and one part of freshly ground white winter wheat. This stuff is the best. My bread is superior since using it. (or so I'm told).
Bread bakes differently due to so many factors, like humidity, elevation, starter or commercial yeast, I hesitate to recommend a recipe. You could check the Great River website, and do a small loaf by reducing the recipe, see how you like it. For where I live, I need to add at least 2 tablespoons of water to the recipe I frequently use, which is from the Tasajara Bread book, the basic recipe. Since the 7 Grain absorbs more water, you need to add some, whereas with standard bread flour, probably not. I have made many delicious loaves baked in an ordinary loaf pan with the 7 Grain blend, I think the flavor is very good, and I always toast my slice. Always. Also, the bread is better 24 hours after baking, the moisture averages out thru the loaf, I just wrap it in a kitchen towel for a day, and after that it's kept in a plastic bag. I only bake one loaf at a time, but I change seeds, dates, chunky ground nuts, or even herbs, depending on what sounds good. I plan to start using my own wild yeast starter, so that will take me out of the loaf pan and onto a baking stone or a baguette baker. I have all the flours made by Great River, they do rise differently, the 7 Grain is a little more dense of a loaf, but it's great to have access to organic flours, and home made bread is worth the time. Good luck, and don't worry if you have a few loaves in the beginning that aren't terrific, that happens, it's an art, takes a little practice.
I like the taste and texture better than red whole wheat flour. It will make a good bread alone, but I prefer to mix it about half and half with a white bread or all purpose flour to get a lighter texture. I use a honey-wheat recipe and substitute the seven grain for whole wheat.
I'm not sure whether they are whole grains or not because it is not specified anywhere online or in the bag. However, the flour is certainly stone ground, not white and pretty coarse, you can distinctly see and feel the chunks of different grains. So it is DEFINITELY not a very refined flour and its texture and appearance resembles a whole wheat flour, NOT a refined flour.
I'm not sure about it, this is probably a question that should be asked to Great River directly. In the package there is no mention about the flour being milled to order, nor in the description of the product on amazon, nor in the website of the company, so I really think it is not the case. BUT I've been buying this flour for over a year, it has always arrived in perfect condition, and the bread that I bake weekly with it smells wonderfully and it is always delicious. In my opinion the freshness of this product shouldn't really be a concern, it is expensive but a very good flour!
I find it lighter than wheat flour and easier to process/digest but it is a flour blend nonetheless so just pure carbs and some protein by definition.
I find that I don't like this in cakes. The bran changes the ratio of gluten to fat and liquid, which is essential in cake making. However, I really like this flour in quick breads because they are supposed to be more dense. It also works wonders in cookies, waffles, and pancakes.
Since Great River Organic Pastry Flour is ALL I use for baking, I have to say it is great. I made 2 loaves of Irish soda bread last month using this flour and it was great. The texture of the outer crust was a bit chewier than white flour, but other than that, it turned out great.
pastry flour does not have enough gluten in it to create yeast breads....the all purpose flour would work well I think.
The package I bought about a month ago does not specify, so I went to the company website (http://www.greatrivermilling.com). While they do not call out that their processing is tree nut-free, it appears they only process flours and grains, and they do enough of it that my guess would be they have dedicated equipment used solely for this purpose. But, if it is a matter of a serious allergy, it's better to be safe than sorry. I would contact them directly and ask. This is their contact page: http://www.greatrivermilling.com/contact.php.
I am assuming it would not be bleached as it is organic but I no longer have the bag to check. I would suggest if the product info does not say that you should contact the company or visit their web site. I love their flours but just learning which to use when.
Sorry, I am not well versed on flours as I am just learning myself! Using different flours, mixing etc to try for cookies and breads.
I think you should contact Great River and ask about the specific flour you want. You can contact them through Amazon or directly at great river milling.com. I've never heard of a gluten free wheat flour. I always thought gluten free excluded wheat. I hope you find the flour you want.
It depends what you are using it for. I make amazing pizza dough and any baked goods( pastry) with this and it always turns out excellent.
They are comparable, but we find the texture a little better. We bake dairy, soy, nut free.
A. QAI is a USDA-accredited certifying agency. The USDA National Organic Program directly oversees all USDA certifying agents by conducting surveillance of products on the shelf that containing organic labels and conducting unannounced inspections at certifying agents' places of business. These steps ensure that QAI and all certifying agencies are following the strictest guidelines and best practices under the National Organic Program. -source- http://www.qai-inc.com/what_is_organic/organic_associations.asp
100%
no, organic flours are not bromated, also when flour contains bromine, it will be listed in the ingredients
I have spoken with a representative who did assure me that it was non-GMO, and 100% organic.
I believe it is the same product. It is a good quality whole wheat flour. I have been using it to bake bread and I have also used it for pancakes. Hope this helps.
No
It is finer, but not less nutritious. All Purpose is used (or, at least *we* use it for...) Pie dough, Pizza Dough and everything other then bread. You can use it to substitute a little bit of bread flour when you are low, as well. Alone, it doesn't make a good loaf of bread, it is more for the things other then bread, like pastries. Essentially they are both Whole Wheat (Whole "White" Wheat might be different or even have whitening agents in them, like having been bleached), they just serve different purposes.
Sept 9, 2014
The package has a label "All Purpose Blend".
I would try the recipe with half all-purpose, except I use unbleached white and do the other half with a whole wheat flour and see how it turns out. Good Luck!!
It does not have any hull on it and it is not pearled. It does not need to be washed before use. We always throw a cup or two into chicken noodle or vegetable beef soup. Great addition.
Best to keep in plastic 10 gallon /food grade buckets. Get them free from local supermarket in the deli. It takes 1 large bucket at least and probably some extra. But not 2. Supermarkets also have smaller plastic buckets. They store really well on the top of each other.
The label just says organic hulled barley. It is very good.
No. The package came ripped. It wasn't the product I had in mind and their customer services was none. I was stuck with the whole bag for months before we eventually finished it.
The Nutrition value is listed online at: http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/cereal-grains-and-pasta/5678/2 http://www.nutritionvalue.org/Barley%2C_hulled_nutritional_value.html
It comes dry, mostly milled. Some husk remains but just a few that you can sort through. I cook it in a rice pot for my dog's food (beef, barley, peas, fish oil, bone meal & multivitamin). I believe it'll work for brewing.
Not sure if this is included. But all Barley is approximately: 651 calories in 1 cup of Barley. Fat: 4.23g (Saturated Fat: 0.887g). Carbs: 135.2g (Fiber: 31.83g, Sugar 1.47). Protein: 22.96g.
Sorry I don't. I just eat them :)
I checked my 24 hour soaked barley under a light and it had small sprouts coming out of the ends. I realize that for this barley to truly be quality, the germ of the grain must be undamaged to allow for sprouting. I'm on my second 25 pound bag of this barley and am moving away from brown rice potentially.
Yes.
the website does not claim this to be GF and since they do mill other flours, cross-contamination seems likely you can ask them contact@greatrivermilling.com
I answered this question without my glasses - thought you were asking about flour.
I buy mine once every six months or so and I transfer it to about 6 ziplock style bags where I use approx 2 cups a week for baking and I haven't had an issue in nearly two years.
What's your question? I use this cornmeal for cornbread and hush puppies.
I use one bag for 6 months after separating it out into gallon size ziplock style bags and I've never had an issue
Yes it absolutely is from nut free facility. Great River Company only contracts their grains from organic farms that are nut free.
No
Other brands
It is a coarse meal, not a smooth flour
Yes! Sprout very good! I make malt several times.
This product is in its whole grain form. You would need a grain mill to process it in to flour for making breads.
Yes
I believe they are sticky. I cook them till the water is gone. And I don't rinse them like rice.
no this is gluten free.
I have no idea. Perhaps GROM will post an answer for you.
USA
I'm not sure but I think they may be smaller under-developed millet seeds that escaped the hulling process because of their smaller size. They usually cook up just fine for me and I don't notice them too much. If your bag has a lot of them in proportion to the yellow hulled seeds then I would consider that a quality control issue and notify the supplier.
I buy the Great River Millet often. We have celiac disease in our family and we have not had any issues with gluten cross contamination... High quality millet.
This is hulled millet for human consumption. I no longer have the bag as I repackaged it in order to freeze & refrigerate it. As for the nutritional component, you could probably find that with a quick google search :). Millet is lower in fibre than many grains, but has other components, and can add variety in a gluten free diet. I buy it because it's gluten free and not all brands claim this so may have been contaminated with gluten. I've ordered this brand 3 times now & it's always been fresh hulled (millet has a relatively short shelf life as compared with other grains, so should be used quickly or frozen & used within a reasonable amount of time.)
I have not tried, but you could contact the manufacturer.
Whole seeds, the ground is called flax meal
The seeds should be kept in a cool dry place. Unground they last for quiet a bit, once you grind them they should be used within the week. I get the big bag to use for my horses, so refrigeration isn't an option. I keep the bag in a clean garbage can in the garage and use within a few months and never had a problem. 25 lbs goes a long way! **Update** I have been keeping the seeds in an airtight metal container. The last bag I bought was at the beginning of the summer. This past week I ground up the last of it and swept some seeds into the sink. The next day afternoon when I cleaned my drain cover you could see all the seeds had sprouted! I'd say this is a pretty good product and I was storing it well. :)
Contact the seller, if you get no response contact Amazon or file a claim, this applies to all products purchased on Amazon.com.
I went directly to this company's website and emailed them. They responded to me that way. It is whole grain spelt flour.
whole grain
I believe it is whole grain. I've gotten two bags from them and it is a nice rich flour with the brown flecks that indicate whole grain. :)
The trick to using spelt is not to knead it much at all. The grain is not as heavy or dark as whole wheat, and the flavor is much more of a sweet nutty taste. As far as the texture, no, I didn't think the bread I've made using spelt was heavy or dark like whole wheat. But the gluten is far weaker than wheat gluten. So, research on line for articles on cooking with this flour, and how to adapt to using it. and I think you'll enjoy!
Spelt is NOT gluten free. It most certainly contains gluten, and is NOT for Celiacs. However, non-celiacs who are wheat intolerant can often eat spelt without a reaction. My husband has terrible allergies to many grasses. He had to have his sinuses re-carved/formed because they had all filled in due to so many years of terrible inflammation - that's how bad his allergies are, not to mention the steroids and other meds he has used for years to try to control his allergies. He started seeing a naturopathic doctor in 2012 who put him on an elimination diet, and found that he is allergic to wheat - which is a GRASS. Now that he has gone wheat free, his nose gets painfully inflamed and congested (like it always did) when he so much as consumes regular oats (which are contaminated with wheat), or anything contaminated with wheat. Gluten free oats do not bother him. He hardly uses his meds any more, which is remarkable! The ND explained that the allergy to grasses combined with the wheat(a grass) in the diet, has an additive effect, which is why his nasal response has been so profound. So, he has found that spelt is okay and does not bother his nose. So, he is not gluten free so much as wheat free, but since most gluten in products is from wheat, he can't have any of that without feeling the effect. But spelt seems to be fine. We are going to try Einkorn wheat soon and see if he tolerates that. Again, spelt is NOT gluten free, but for non-celiacs it may be okay for wheat-intolerant people. I assume that if spelt was processed on equipment that processes wheat, it would be problematic for my husband.
The two 25 lb bags that I ordered came in sturdy 3-layer brown paper bags. Each bag was in an individual cardboard box. No plastic.
No, I rolled the end up and used a chip clip.
Hi, Hannah. I'm not sure if it's Kosher Certified. You should definitely check with Great River to see.
As far as I know that should be the case.
The flour itself is vegan. It would depend on what you make with the flour that would determine whether or not the finished product is vegan. For example, if you use milk or butter in the batter of whatever you are baking, then it would not be vegan. You could substitute water and some sort of oil, such as extra virgin olive oil or canola oil, for the dairy products. You will find that spelt flour makes excellent bread loafs, rolls, and pizza crusts.
As much as possible. This is from their website: "I get questions regarding the GMO status of our products so I thought I would post here for our friends. All Great River Organic products are produced from non-gmo grains. It is true however that there is some cross pollination that occurs in nature especially in corn so while the planted seeds are non-gmo you can pick up traces of gmo in testing. Typically these are at a very very low percentage."
They are different. Grits are made from alkalai treated corn (hominy).
I have a Wonder Mill and it grinds this corn just fine. Here's what Wikipedia says: "Most of the corn grown in the United States today is Yellow Dent or a closely related variety derived from it.[2] Dent corn is the variety used in food manufacturing as the base ingredient for cornmeal flour (used in the baking of cornbread), corn chips, tortillas and taco shells."
Withoutseeing the dark spots, I would not be able to identify their cause. You might try to find it on Google, or take the corn to your local extention agent for examination...
Hi Patricia.....I bought a bag of this corn at the beginning of this month (August) and I just checked it and it says "Expires 6/10/2016....so that means approximately a 2 year shelf life. I am ordering it regularly and grinding it up for my backyard chickens and have been very pleased with it. Hope I've helped you. Pamela
I planted some and it sprouted just fine.
This is just plain whole corn. ( rising elements in this) We use it to feed our chickens!
The product I bought is whole grain corn. Not familiar with polenta. I grind it to make corn meal/bread.
It's whole corn kernels.
Yes
Bread machine recipies work out fine, but I only use the slightly larger whole wheat yeast and no the regular yeasts. Also have to be sure to balance the ph when using rye - hence the bit or orange peel and bit of apple cider vinegar.
I found this flour to be well sifted and quite fine. No big pieces of bran that might cut gluten strands during kneading of bread dough.
I use separate container for storing - about 5Gal will do (I use Staniles Steal milk can :))
I no longer have the original packaging but I've used it in dozens of recipes regardless of what the original recipe called for.
honestly i don't know, you would have a better chance contacting the manufacturer.
have used this many times for sourdough.alot of sourdoughs start with rye anyways, even if they end up wheat. it "mellows" better. i would say it is light or medium.
It is all milled rye.
So far, it's lasted outside past few weeks in jersey in the cold no problem. It's a small worthy investment. Can't hurt to try it out. Do research on the specific species of the tree for the most accurate info.
No it will die mine did
Ours died. It looks okay when it comes out, but it takes a while to show. I honestly wouldn't ship a bonsai tree.
This is strictly an indoor plant. It is meant to grow slowly & stay small.
Unfortunately, due to agricultural restrictions we are limited to shipping with the U.S. Sorry we cannot be of more assistance.
I assume you mean what they taste like. I would say the closest way I can describe them is a mixture of barbecue, sour cream and cheddar, and salt and vinegar chips all rolled into one. Basically, amazing!
Each order consists of 1 bag so you will need to specify how many bags your wanting to order.
It is just one medium bag. Find another or order directly from Canada. It is far too expensive.
It has a COR and processed with dairy equipment so you can't eat it together with meat.
Hi Anita! The only thing in this tea is hibiscus.
190 bags
should be about 200 if it's the silver bag that says so.
lower right side says its USDA organic and also kosher
I Ordered & Received 3 Containers, each are 8 ounces.
360 6-oz cups
I rounded teaspoon.... i made it "my way.".....
The caffeine content in Folgers caffeinated coffee is 71 mg per teaspoon. This makes about 6 ounces of coffee.
It's Almost as Good as Fresh brewed!,(no sweetners or anything added! :) I hope this help.
Your taste for Folgers coffee is valid. I do like the taste of several brands of coffee, yet there are some I dislike. Instant coffee seems to have a different taste than ground. I always adjust the amount of instant used in hot water, as some seem strong going by the manufactures recommendations. Try different measurements with instants.
The Folgers instant coffee comes in plastic jars, with an hourglass shape.
My batch, delivered about a month ago (15 Apr) is "best if used by Jan 30, 2016". So, mine is about a year and a half.
Nothing artificial...all organic. They were all wonderfu!
3 of each flavor for a total of 15
I believe most of the herbal teas are decaf, but don't think the black teas are. Sorry I cannot be of more assistance.
I gave this as a gift, but as the name suggests: Single usually means for one cup. However, if you prefer a more dilute tea, you might be able to get a couple of cups out of one brew.
Both. There are two herbals, which have no caffeine, and two black teas, and one green which do have caffeine.
yes. gluten is the protien found in wheat flour. tea does not contain any wheat flour or thickeners that could contain gluten. (I found this answer on ask.com)
On the box, it is written 2.32 oz/ 66g, that should be for the 15 bags, so it should be like 0.15 oz (4.4 g) for each bag. Each bag is good for a cup.
Hi....They are 3 boxes that are 24 oz each..... And by the way, we think it is very good. I hope this helps.
Once a new box is opened, I empty the remaining mix in a sealed, plastic container and discard the box. The mix seems to have no issues with shelf life.
I've used both milk and buttermilk they both seem to add more flavor and make the pancakes a little more moist
We love the buttermilk and honey flavor. It is the best!
It has sodium bicarbonate, but I do not see sodium aluminum listed in the ingredients.
Just look at the other included photos. They show all sides of the box, including the nutritional information.
Good question. I went to their website and could not find any information there re: GMO. Sorry, I could not be more helpful.
We have to add a little bit of extra batter when we make waffles (at least a couple of extra tablespoons per cup to thicken it out). It's not a bad box.
Yes
I add egg and milk, more for the nutrition than anything else and yes they come out great. I like the texture and taste of whole grains and they have that without being bitter.
Per Piece: Caffeine is 20MG, Guarana 5MG, Ginseng 5MG. 1 piece is what I chew in the afternoon when I need a pick me up and it doesn't make me jittery. I think it's more like 1/3 cup of coffee per piece.
No, the flavor of "icy mint" continues to be peppermint. It definitely isn't spearmint.
No. 1 serving (2 pieces) has 3g of sugar.
The last time I ordered, the blue box (Icy Mint) was still 12/12 but the green box (Spearmint) was 12/10. There's a difference in the flavor profile too ... they changed something about the spearmint flavor, or the texture of the gum. Not entirely sure what it is, but there's an aftertaste the icy mint doesn't have, and I don't remember it being in the spearmint before the packaging change either.
One piece? Half hour or less. But responses to this kind of product will vary by individual. Depends on how your body responds to caffeine.
The Jolt website won't list the specific milligrams of caffeine but only that "2 pieces=cup coffee". I found another site that listed it as 45mg per piece. A small cup of coffee has about 100mg of caffeine. Although I have used Jolt gum for years I've never thought 2 pieces ever really had as much caffeine as a cup of coffee. In trying to find an answer to your question I actually came across a site that supposedly measured the actual caffeine content in the Jolt gum and it was only about 12.5mg. Granted, that study was from 2005 but it sort of reinforces what I've thought all along. Even so, I still really like this gum. There are times at my work when I can't drink coffee or a soda. I've read studies that have shown chewing gum and also mint flavoring/scents can boost alertness. I figure if I add in a little caffeine at the same time it really does help to give me a little "pick-me-up" during my 12-hr shift.
Top of can says,...we select smaller albacore which accumulate less mercury than larger albacore. Can says NO liquid or fillers added, NO BPA used in can lining, NON GMO. Dolphin safe logo,Turtle safe logo, No long pole logo, No FAO's or FAD's (?).
Look up their website, very informational. The tuna is 100%pole and troll caught, they select smaller fish, therefore less mercury. They seem to be a very good company. Tuna is excellent , better than Kirkland brand.
Pop off.
It is a product of Vietnam. I have been eating this tuna for about 2 years now. It is the best tuna i have ever tasted!! We don't buy any other tuna anymore.
Hello Evie: I copied and pasted ingredients info below from WOWBUTTER'S Website here: http://www.soybutter.com/docs/brochure.pdf INGREDIENTS: NON-GMO TOASTED SOY, SOY OIL, CANE SUGAR, MONOGLYCERIDE (FROM VEGETABLE OIL), SEA SALT. CONTACT US TODAY: 1-800-835-9831 SALES@WOWBUTTER.COM TASTE, TEXTURE & AROMA JUST LIKE PEANUT BUTTER WITH BETTER NUTRITION! WOWBUTTER Foods Product Specification - WOWBUTTER - Smooth/Creamy PRODUCT: SOY021 - Creamy WOWBUTTER LABEL DECLARATION: WOWBUTTERTM (Toasted Soy, Soy Oil, Cane Sugar, Monoglyceride, Sea Salt) INGREDIENTS: Non-GMO Toasted Canadian Soy, Soy Oil, Granulated Cane Sugar, Monoglyceride (from vegetable oil), Sea Salt
Nutrition Info Below Copied and Pasted from the WOWBUTTER Website-- http://www.soybutter.com/docs/brochure.pdf (Page 2-- Product Brochure): Nutrition Facts: 100g serving Total Calories 634 Protein 21.3 g Total Fat 49.5 g Polyunsaturated 28.2 g Omega 6 23.7 g Omega 3 4.8 g Monounsaturated 11.4 g Saturated 9.5 g Trans Fat 0.4 g Cholesterol 0mg Total Carbohydrate 24.5g Sugars 12.7 g Dietary Fibre 6.7g Sodium 373mg Due to insignificant amounts of trans-fats in WOWBUTTER, it can be labeled as "trans-fat free" RECOMMENDED STORAGE CONDITIONS: Clean, cool (16-20C, 60-70F), Maximum Humidity 60%. SHELF-LIFE: Bulk containers as an ingredient 12 months PACKAGING FORMAT: 10 kg pail, 20 kg bulk box or pail, 500 lb fiber drum KOSHER STATUS: Yes
I think Wowbutter is WORLD's better than Sunbutter. I used Sunbutter and a couple other brands while pregnant with my first. Came across this because I didn't want to go to the store. I have bought tons. Now, I love peanut butter but my husband is allergic so we were careful with the girls.
4g, (granulated cane sugar)
It's toasted soy nuts! And honestly after eating the crunchy style, as a family we prefer it to the smooth. Delicious and such an awesome alternative to peanut butter! We love wowbutter! -4 yr. Old with severe peanut/treenut allergy
3.5 grams per 100 g. 0.14 in a 4 gram serving.
I've only spread it on bread or crackers. I still find the product to be too salty. I've been adding it to water to make a soup base.
Marmite similar to Vegemite in taste and ingedients is a spread used thinly on buttered bread and is especially good on buttered toast.Marmite is a bit sweeter than Vegemite, both are by products of the production of beer. They are both vegan and vegetarian and high in B vitamins and canbe paired with sliced cheese, tomato and cucumber. They can also be used innplace of bouillion in stews and gravies.
Made from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vegemite
forever
I don't actually know , it was a gift for a friend
the company says that if you keep it in the freezer after opening it is good for 18 months.
Says "Made in U.S.A." and Saco Foods Inc. is in Middleton, WI. Presumably it is made there. We LOVE this product! Especially when having buttermilk on hand all of the time is just not feasible. Be sure to refrigerate after opening, which makes the product last a LONG time. See bottom for "Best By" date. Enjoy!
You are supposed to add it to any other dry ingredients, like flour if you are baking, but for salad dressing I would mix in any other seasonings with it, making sure there are no lumps, then a little of the liquid and gradually add more until it is gone, or else make it according to the directions as buttermilk. On the package, it says that 4 Tablespoons to 1 Cup water will make 1 Cup buttermilk to make it thicker, just add less water or none at all. You can divide as necessary. Here is a good recipe to make dry ranch dressing/seasoning: http://allergictoair.com/blog/2012/02/homemade-ranch-seasoning/
Yes, as far as I can tell. Ingredients listed are a cultured blend of sweet cream churned buttermilk, sweet dairy whey, and lactic acid.
Pretty sure cow, It would probably be labeled if it was goat milk. My label says nothing of either. It does reference cows in the FAQ portion of the website for sacofoods. com
i don't know the answer, but you can find out by going to the website @ www.sacofoods.com
"A cultured blend of sweet cream churned buttermilk, sweet dairy whey, and lactic acid"
If memory serves, I remember counting out about 100 nuggets contained within the entire package. If it's available at a good pricing point like when I ordered mine then I say go ahead if you wish as it did have a good (and delicious I might add) amount of candy inside. Hope this helps you decide. ^JD
Back when I purchased these a while back I bought 2 at the time (1 for Halloween and 1 for personal consumption) which had a good shelf life. I'd say you'd be good for a few months in my opinion. In case you were wondering there's about 100 nuggets per package. I counted them out at the time. Hope this helps you decide to buy or not. ^Jim
Product is shipped in a bubble bound envelope and sent priority mail to avoid delay in shipment You'll be surprised
YES! its from USA. its small bars of our Hershey chocolates they are like chunks. a variety pack.
No, it is not!
These will melt.
I got it for a gift. They loved it, I know there is quite awhile before it expires but dont remember the date. Very good.They loved it.
01/15/2015, With Regards
All of the ingredients were very good chocolate. Just be careful that you can tolerate nuts. The nuts were in some pieces ans were chopped perfectly to fit the bar.
Put the straw in the little spot and the milk get 1000 FPS!!!!!!!
im not really answering your Q but how much did u pay for it because spring guns are crap u can get a CYMA MP5 or AK47 for under 50 bucks here on amazon and it says this gun is 110$ is that true?
as you should have read in the reviews.....no its not
They should be from Canada.....we lived in Banff,Ab.b4 we move back to the states. Make sure the bars arrive in good condition, ours were received melted twice in Florida.
Yes you can refrigerate it, though chocolate shouldn't be refrigerated.
I'm not sure what the name was in America. I bought these for my kids as I use to have Aeros in England where I grew up.
I bought some wit fold expiry dates. Beware.
I'm not sure. I ate them fast enough that I never considered
None....all chocolate
Godiva brought them back on 2011 after customers complained about them being gone. They're available at some boutiques and here on Amazon.
Sorry, I don't remember, but I have switched to Sugar Free Valor Dark Chocolate, 70% Cocoa. And I'm delighted that Amazon is carrying it now. It has Aspartame and Maltitol.
Serving size one bar with 15 grams of fat and 25 grams of carbs.
It is definitely NOT yeast, it's a baking powder-type product that I have used in cakes and quickbreads, such as cornbread, but definitely not for yeast bread applications.
No I believe it's a brewers yeast so it might contain barley
Yes
I haven't used it in an actual cookie......but I do use it for an Italian version of a linzer torte....I've made it with and without this product and let me just tell you what a difference it made! Really made it light. Depending on the type of cookie you're making, this should make it light as a feather ;)
We ship from NJ
10 envelops in a packet
About 3 1/2 tsp
The expiration date is on the bottom of the box. The numbers are in this order: Day . Month . Year. For example my box says 31.10.16. So the expiration date is 10/31/16.
This is the list of ingredients on the box: disodium diphosphate, sodium hydrogen carbonate, corn starch, calcium salts of fatty acids, flavoring.
Unfortunately this item has yet to have the package translated. However I was able to translate the website description & can provide the following information: "The Yeast Master Bakery PANEANGELI is dehydrated yeast is made from fresh yeast, which has been removed from the water to make it last longer, and thus is more practical of fresh yeast, because it deteriorates in a few days but kept for more than a year. The master baker yeast requires the leavening of the dough before baking. E 'therefore suitable for all sweet and savory products that require a slow natural leavening, such as pizza, calzone, focaccia, breads, pastries, donuts, baba, Savarin, braids and chamberlains. The great merit of the master baker yeast is in its use is practical to use because it shall not be dissolved, or reactivated in the water, but it should be added directly to the flour with two teaspoons of sugar: the mixture is left to rise out of the oven in a warm place covered with a damp cloth until doubled in volume (20 minutes for the dough and salt dough about 40 minutes for cakes)." This is the "Pizza Margherita" recipe on the site. For the dough 400 g white flour 1 packet of yeast or master baker PANEANGELI 1 cube of fresh yeast PANEANGELI 10 g sugar (2 teaspoons) 1 heaping tablespoon of salt 2 tablespoons olive oil 250 ml warm water (37-40 ). To cover: 400 g chopped tomatoes 250 g cubed mozzarella 8 tablespoons olive oil 5-6 basil leaves salt "Knead the dough on floured table top for at least 10 minutes, with the enlarged fists, rewind and then dropping it on the table. Put the dough in floured bowl, cover with a damp cloth and place in a warm place to rise until its volume will be doubled (40 minutes if you used the yeast master baker). Divide the dough into two loaves leavened much the same, lay them to form two disks with a diameter of 32 cm and place in 2 pizza trays (diameter 32 cm) greased with 2 tablespoons of olive oil each. Spread on each disk, leaving a blank border of 1 cm, half the tomato sauce and mozzarella. Season with salt and add the basil and 2 tablespoons of oil broke. Bake the pizza for 15-20 minutes in the preheated oven of medium and low (electric: 200-210 C, ventilated: 190-200 C, gas: 200-210 C), alternating the position of pans halfway cooking." This is what is says in the first window under the recipe. Yeast with Master Baker PANEANGELI: Sift the flour into a large bowl and stir in the yeast master baker. At the center of the pile practicing a hole and pour sugar, salt and oil. Mix everything with the help of a fork, adding a little 'time to warm water. The other window is for fresh yeast: With fresh yeast PANEANGELI Dissolve the fresh yeast in 50 ml of warm water. Sift the flour into a large bowl. At the center of the pile practicing a hole and pour the yeast, sugar, salt and oil. Mix everything with the help of a fork, adding a little 'time to the remaining lukewarm water. Hope this helps. Christine Leone
Yes, and I think it makes for better pizza dough. Hope this helps...
I was using the grocery store instant yeast for pizza dough and kept getting a strong yeast doughy flavor. That didn't happen with this yeast much better quality.
Hi, I'm still trying to perfect my dough. According to eitalianfood.com, you only add the yeast to the flour along with 2 teaspoons sugar. I'm going to use honey instead of sugar. I'm making dough tomorrow, I'll let you know how it goes.
Cocoa liquor, sugar, almonds, cocoa butter, sea salt, soy lecithin, vanilla. May contain traces if milk, wheat, peanuts, or other nuts.
11 grams per serving, 33 grams per bar.
No way. American made in Boulder, CO. Here's a link:https://www.chocolove.com/chocolove-history/
55%. They are delicious!!
I'm pretty certain that each fireball has 20 cal. Hope that helps.
I've had big ones and smaller ones of these. These are the smaller ones.
I have no idea how many pieces, but there are a lot. Too many to count.
I don't think these are the largest BUT they're the original.
They come in a bulk in a plain bag so there is no way to know if they are actually made by Ferrara, but I do know the logo/individual packaging appear to be correct and the taste is true to what an atomic fireball should taste like.
5 lbs
It's been a while since I bought them but I'd say it was about 60 to 70 pieces per pound.
I had the same problem. The bags I have ordered had either orange or lemon but never both.I'm not sure why you can't get all flavors.
I think there are something like forty per pound. All I know is that I bought 5 pounds over a year ago and have yet to finish them all.
Sorry, don't know because these things were a gummy, sticky mess and I threw them out.
not sure. it came in a large unmarked bag. but, based upon the longgg wait for the item to arrive, probably somewhere far. tasty mints
Hi Joshua, Not Jewish so didn't notice; however these things are a sticky mess and I don't recommend them. -Mike in CA
sugar alcohol - Not as much as a peppermint flavor as the sugar based product - but sugar alcohol does not promote tooth decay.
35 calories per piece.
Product description now says 180 per package (so 5lb package 36 per pound). Good luck!
Yes the smaller gumdrops come only in spice flavor. The larger gumdrops come in fruit flavors.
They are the larger size.
I don't know. These lacked flavor.
Don't sure
I don't have the dimensions of the individual boxes as we used them with Halloween props and then gave them out. They sometimes have a few of the boxes at WalMart so you may be able to measure if you have access and good luck, but the pricing was better and we were able to get the quantity needed more conveniently at Amazon. I hope this helps.
They were boxes when I purchased them, but the "old fashioned" design", not the boxes pictured.
Vintage boxes
Mine were not
the best way to answer that question is to, not order so many at one time, keep them in a cool dry place and eat them all soon, because mine went bad within a month. i love cracker jacks very much, especially with a cup of coffee.
The ones I received were in fact the boxes
I received boxes for all items ordered.
I got the old fashioned boxes
They do have an expiration date...it's very hard to find it on those boxes and sometimes it's not even there at all. But they do go stale. Ask the seller to supply an expiration date for you.
Boxes
About 140 pieces give or take.
It depends on where you live in proximity to Ohio. It takes one day to ship and then travel. Where do you live?
I have no clue.
I did not count them but would say there was between 40-50.
60 Calories based on this site: http://www.myfitnesspal.com/food/calories/dads-root-beer-barrel-candies-29625787
No melting at all... They are individually wrapped. They are very delicious
Here's the answer from the web site. Q. How long will Gravymaster stay fresh in my kitchen cabinet? A. Depending on climate conditions, Gravymaster will stay fresh for at least two years. We recommend a new bottle at least once per year, however, to assure your enjoyment of our product.
I have never heard of Gravy Master Sauce. The label states that it's a browing & caramelizing seasoning. When I moved to Oklahoma I could only get Kitchen Bouquet. Finally saw Gravy Master on Amazon and have been ordering since.
not that I can tell
Taken directly from the label: caramelized sugar, caramel color, water, hydrolyzed soy & corn protein, apple cider vinegar, salt and spices (onion. celery, parsley, and garlic) gluten free, contains no meat. I have to order it from Amazon as it's not available where I moved to. I have used this for 40+ years.
6 months
it Is expensive, but i've never found vegetarian ramen in a grocery store. if you're a vegetarian craving ramen it's a good deal.
12 good-sized bowls of soup...one per pack.
Maybe some find it five times as convenient to simply wait for the UPS man to deliver it.
Yes. This is one of the few(easily obtainable) vegetarian ramens out there.
A 3 oz. package of Top Ramen has Total Fat of 7g, Saturated Fat 3.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Polyunsaturated fat 0g, Monounsaturated fat 3g, Sodium 800 mg.
I'd say that there are four servings in each packet, but that depends on how large you want the servings to be. I don't know about the salt.
I can swear to you that I have never seen these cherries rouse themselves and move around in shuffling mobs, unless I have been drinking heavily.
1 serving = 40 grams. Of that 40, 25 g are sugar
Yes, there is some added sugar but the cherries retain some level of tartness. The pack lists the ingredients as montmorency cherries, sugar and sunflower oil.
It says Product of USA
They are sour Montmarency cherries and the quality is very good.
Yes
No
No its from Italy
It is not olive oil. You should research it so you know what you are getting. Some people feel it is safe, others think it is a very unhealthy oil. I use this particular brand because it is non-GMO.
Mine says non gmo canola on front and back label! The brand is Fior d' Italia's golden drops !
It is expeller pressed.
Yes. Zero trans fats.
The below info was on Simply 7 website about the lentil chips with sea salt: No Trans Fat No Artificial Colors or Flavors No Preservatives Gluten Free Ingredients Non-GMO 40% less fat than potato chips Vegetarian Vegan
3g
3g per serving (31 chips)
not sure points plus but the breakdown is: cal - 140, from fat 54 total fat 6g - 9% sat 0 trans 0 chol 0 sodium 359mg -15% total carb 18 g - 6% protein 3 g Hope that helps. They are yummy. My favorite is the jalapeno but I like spicy. Hubby like brushetta the best! Fiber, total dietary ~ g Sugars, total ~ g Calcium, Ca ~ mg Iron, Fe 0.71 mg Sodium, Na 350 mg Vitamin C, total ascorbic acid ~ mg Vitamin A, IU ~ IU Fatty acids, total saturated ~ g Fatty acids, total trans ~ g Cholesterol ~ mg
I just got one 32oz for $1.50 at stop n shop. $6.00 each is steep...keep looking.
This listing is for a single package. (One box for the price listed).
I don't know. If Nutricity does not explicitly state how many cartons come in one order, then you should assume you will be paying the price for only six cartons per case
This is a pack of 6 32 ounce cartons. :)
This pudding contains organic pure ingredients and needs to be cooked. Please see cooking instructions on our website at http://www.gobiofood.com/organic-vanilla-pudding-40g14oz-pouch-p-1785.html?osCsid=3ee7743842187ef484018f6fa4519fa7
GoBIO! Organic Puddings are all made in Germany. There are two flavours, Organic Chocolate, Organic Vanilla and also Organic Custard. All of them are certified organic by ProCert, the organic certification is on the GoBIO! website www.gobiofood.com under "Certifications".
About a 3/4 cup.
My bag only states "Beet Root Powder Organic" along with the latin name. It is from China however but I bought it for personal cosmetic use. Hope that helps.
Hi Elizabeth. I did a little research for you on the Starwest Botanicals website. The country of origin for the organic beet root powder is China. It was not made in the US. It is inspected by the USDA once it is imported into the US. Hope this helps.
Here's what I found: "One teaspoon of beet root powder is equivalent to one beet. You can use one - two teaspoons up to four times a day." Source: http://www.bulkherbstore.com/Beet-Root-Powder_Organic
Yes
i've never used it as a food coloring but i tasted a little on my finger and it doesn't seem like it has much of a taste.
When my purchase arrived it came in a very high quality ziplock type heavy duty bag.
Trade partnerships streamline organic exports and imports with other countries, increasing the market share of organic products worldwide while maintaining rigorous production standards. Additionally, foreign products certified to the USDA organic standards can access the U.S. market. USDA also provides current prices for organic apples and other market information, funds research at public and private institutions, and provides practical advice to farmers and ranchers. Source: http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentidonly=true&contentid=organic-agriculture.html
I don't know, as the package does't have the nutritional chart, but it's just dried beet powder. So I would assume that it's the same sodium content as natural beets...which I've Googled is: An ounce of raw beets have 22mg (1%) of sodium. The package is 4 oz, so it's 88mg, or 4%??? It's not that salty...rather, sweet.
I cannot say what year it was, but it was fresh enough. Just bear in mind that it is so badly packed that you will be lucky to get 4 boxes out of 5 that can be eaten. I got about 3 1/2, the rest were crumbs.
Each matzo measures 6 3/8" x 6 7/8".
The box says "wheat flour and water only" . No salt
14 crackers in each box.
Yes. They were packaged well and there was no breakage at all for those I ordered and received.
No idea. The ingredients are listed as wheat flour and water only. Clearly they contain gluten. There are some oat matzos that supposedly are gluten free although gluten is aknown contamiant in some oat flours.
No, the packages I have show 0 mg of sodium.
No, I'm sorry. The only ingredients are water and wheat.
I don't think so, if some people prefer the quality.
Don't know - but it IS very bright green with a "fresh" green flavor - much nicer than any other I've purchased, not "gritty" or "chalky". Pure Matcha does make an Organic green matcha that is described as first harvest, but costs twice as much. I've never tried it since this one is very good - hope this helps.
I usually would just heat up water n then mix it with the tea, but recently I started using it with smoothies like I add bananas berries n strawberrys n I mix matcha in it n it taste good too. It all depends on what you prefer.
Unsweetened - it's really great stuff. Matcha has a sort of natural "sweetness" to it, so I never use sweetener - but this is pure matcha with no sweetener added.
I have not tried Pure Matcha Organic Ceremonial Grade.
Actually Japanese tea contain less lead than Chinese tea. The problem is matcha which is the made with the whole leaf so you get the full amount of lead in the leaf so the Advise is if you want to drink matcha and worried about lead make sure the matcha is made from Japanese leaves. You can read this article for the whole story. http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/whats-in-your-green-tea/?_r=0
I kept it in my pantry but I used mine every day (1/2 teaspoon) every morning till it was gone. Never had a problem with freshness.
i researched this and found that it was from an area that was free from radiation
This Matcha Powder will not "completely" dissolve. The bamboo wisk does a good job, but the powder is from tea leaves and you will see sediments. What I do is just dilute my tea cup with clean water and consume the "sediment."
hot
Hi, this is pure matcha. Matcha is just the name for ground up green tea leaves. That's the only ingredient: green tea leaves. Same thing as the ingredients of coffee is coffee beans. Hope that helps?
maria... you roasted them too long... it takes a special nack... just keep trying.. they are very low in fat... maria the were already roasted... fresh chestnuts are the only ones you roast. hpe this helps... mary
Yes. I did and they were just a good for my chocolate pudding as the fresh chestnuts &#128516;
After opening you must put them in the refrigerator in a covered container they last about a week
If it's still sealed, the best will be to keep it outside at room temperature.
Here are website videos to answer Jane's Query. http://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=how+to+use+chestnuts+in+baking&qpvt=How+to+use+chestnuts+in+baking&FORM=VDRE Just copy and paste to get help
Each pack is 5.2 ounces - 6 packs will be 31.2 all together.Is not a lot in the bag but enough for a snack for two people.My son goes trough one package for 10 min.They are really good.
Don't buy them! Many people have had problems, including myself and they are not returnable.
well, I never tried cooking them . . . but they are hard to eat. They don't taste like a nut at all--they taste like a slimy fig w/o the sweetness.
When I got mine, they had around 10-12 months left. Exp. is 9-2014
I don't remember if there is a date on the packets but I can tell you they are fresh when they arrive. When they start to turn they are slimy. If your weather is hot keep them in the frig. They will turn in the heat. I kept them in the frig. I can tell you they are really good. I will be buying them again.
I didn't and it turned out great !
The nutritional facts say for the brine: 1/4 tsp. (283 servings per container) there is 300mg of sodium. I don't know what they couldn't say cup size instead of tsp. Silly if you ask me. Look at this link to show you the entire nutritional facts: http://images.search.yahoo.com/images/view;_ylt=AwrTcXRRRP1SC80AN4qJzbkF;_ylu=X3oDMTIzcmZqY2ZhBHNlYwNzcgRzbGsDaW1nBG9pZAM5OGFmZmEyOGU1YTRjNjdjNjlhNjNhYTY4MDg0ZGQ3ZARncG9zAzMxBGl0A2Jpbmc-?back=http%3A%2F%2Fimages.search.yahoo.com%2Fsearch%2Fimages%3Fp%3Durban%2Baccents%2Bgourmet%2Bgobbler%2Bkit%26fr%3Duh3_my_web_gs%26fr2%3Dpiv-web%26tab%3Dorganic%26ri%3D31&w=1000&h=1000&imgurl=media.abesmarket.com%2Fmedia%2Fcatalog%2Fproduct%2Fcache%2F1%2Fimage%2F1000x%2F9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95%2Fu%2Fa%2Fua-brine-kit-nutritional-1000.jpg&rurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.abesmarket.com%2Fgourmet-gobbler-complete-turkey-brine-rub-kit.html&size=376.4KB&name=%3Cb%3EGourmet+Gobbler+%3C%2Fb%3EComplete+Turkey+Brine+%26+Rub+%3Cb%3EKit%3C%2Fb%3E&p=urban+accents+gourmet+gobbler+kit&oid=98affa28e5a4c67c69a63aa68084dd7d&fr2=piv-web&fr=uh3_my_web_gs&tt=%3Cb%3EGourmet+Gobbler+%3C%2Fb%3EComplete+Turkey+Brine+%26+Rub+%3Cb%3EKit%3C%2Fb%3E&b=0&ni=128&no=31&ts=&tab=organic&sigr=12crrs3ag&sigb=13vps0fcv&sigi=145s8hf7n&.crumb=KW72NnE6bqo&fr=uh3_my_web_gs
Most everything I have read says an hour per pound, whether it be pre-mixed brine or your own brine mixture. I have this box ready to go, going to brine my turkey Wednesday in this!
Shipping charges are set by Amazon based on weight. One of the most difficult challenges of selling is coming up with fair shipping charges. I should have these available with free shipping using FBA in just a few days.
Use it all...... most important is to rinse the bird off totally before cooking.
Yes this kit has both.
I'm pretty sure I did a 22lb turkey last year, and there was plenty of room. The turkey turned out fantastic!
I really cannot estimate the number of pieces in the box, but I can tell you, there is plenty. Saltwater taffy is very light, so it takes a lot to make a pound. Furthermore, it was very good and fresh when I purchased mine. Hope my comments help.
So many. There wasn't one we didn't like. Blueberry, maple, apple, peppermint, chocolate,banilla, strawberry, just to name a few!
It is probably stamped on the bag.
It is required by law that the bourbon vanilla from Madagascar will contain 35%. If you go to this link it will tell you about what the alcohol is made from plus other information of interest: http://rodellekitchen.com/learn-vanilla-baking/vanilla-faq
It is gluten-free and packaged in a plastic bottle.
Unfortunately, I've used the entire bottle and I don't have it anymore so I can look at it to check. I'll probably be buying another bottle soon and will let you know ..... I believe Rodelle actually has a seperately packaged product that is specifically organic....... you may want to search their website for it... here's the link http://www.rodellekitchen.com/explore-baking-ingredients/rodelle-organics
No, it is in a plastic bottle.
Yes. Ingredients listed are vanilla bean extractive, water, and alcohol.
No
Not sure why you mean by that, most vanilla extract don't have sweeteners
Nope!
Bottle lists as ingredients: vanilla extractives in water & alcohol. Below that it says gluten free. I don't see annatto anywhere on the bottle. Hope this helps.
For information about the different types of Vanilla take a look at this site www.beanilla.com
Hi Charlene, there are 200 calories and 6 grams of carbs in each packet. Barney butter almond butter packets have 90 calories and 4 grams of carbs. Both are really good.
Only a couple of months, buy the jar if you are not traveling. If you are traveling buy what you need near your departure date.
no, Not really. Certainly not like traditional crunchy peanut butter. Much more refined
200 yummy calories, 18 g fat, 6g protein-a perfect trail food.
10 packets.
I think it's not even 2 calories per cup....it really depends on what you are putting in the tea that ups the calorie count.
Rachel, I no longer have the canister that the tea came in, but it is not listed as decaffeinated. Normally, black tea has a moderate amount of caffeine, but not nearly as much as green tea. The tea in the chai is black tea. I copied this from the livestrong.com website (regarding black tea): "Exact caffeine content is difficult to pin down due to mediating factors such as brew time, infusion method, serving size and whether you drink the first or second infusion. However, in general, an 8-ounce serving of black tea brewed for three minutes contains roughly 30 to 80 milligrams of caffeine, according to the Center for Science in the Public Interest. In comparison, an 8-ounce serving of green tea brewed for three minutes contains about 35 to 60 milligrams of caffeine." I assume that chai actually has less caffeine due to the addition of spices and orange peel, etc. The picture is a pretty good representation of what the tea looks like.
Since I don't use the 'Keurig reusable k cup' I can't say with absolute certainty but it does look like a tea strainer. If you can keep the hot water soaking the loose tea for as long as you want it just might work.
Absolutely no sweetener of any kind. Made of water, alcohol, propylene glycol, & artificial flavors. Not the real thing but tastes good in our smoothies or cheesecake.
Ingredients listed on the label include water, alcohol (38%), propylene glycol, artificial flavors. No mention of benzaldehyde
It contains one bottle
It doesn't state it is decaf anywhere on the boxes so I'm pretty sure it is regular tea. It is delicious though!
Yes, you get a total of 132 family-sized tea bags. You get a cardboard box which contains 6 of the boxes shown.
A family size tea bag makes 4 cups of tea, so equivalent to 4 "standard" tea bags.
this won't answer your specific question but might supply information you are looking for. Harris Tea appears to be the actual supplier http://www.newmansownorganics.com/food_tea.html and this link will tell you more about their practices: http://www.harristea.com/certifications.html I'm not sure you can really know where a tea grown since many are blends...
1 bag for 1 liter or 32 oz
Absolutely. I usually never brew overnight but definitely use hot hot nearly boiling water to brew.
Yes.
Sun Maid specifies on their website that they only use the sulfphites (Sulphur Dioxide) in the light colored dried fruits such as the golden raisins. They say that any of their products that has sulphites in them will have a warning on the package. I think it is rare to have sulphites in most of the dark raisins since sulphites in dried fruit is primarily there to keep the fruits from turning dark. If it is not listed in the ingredients it should not be there.
Ingredients read as follows: California organic raisins, so there is nothing else added. They are pure and natural.
I'm sure they are gluten free. There are no additives and I doubt Sun-maid processes wheat flour in their facility.
There is nothing added. Just organic California raisins. Trader Joes also sells organic raisins in one pound packages that are a better deal if you have a TJ near you
no. mine had no oil.
serving size is one cup, it contains 60 calories
Here is a link with good info about coconut nutrition. Read down a bit and it says coconut has lots of potassium. The fact that Coconut Dream does not list potassium on its nutrition shows you that Coconut Dream is a highly processed food. Lots of food processing tends to denude food of many nutrients. Coconut meat, which is where coconut milk and coconut flakes come from, has a decent level of potassium, as you can read on this link. But not Coconut Dream, apparently (based on the other woman's answer to your question). http://www.nutrition-and-you.com/coconut.html
1 gram (per the nutrition facts on the packaging).
150mg per 1 cup (8oz) serving
I haven't tried it, but I suspect that this would be tough to make yogurt with / wouldn't thicken well - it's very thin. The Blue D straight-up almond milk, refrigerated at grocery store, would probably work better. :)
Absolutely!
I got mine early January of 2013 and it reads "best before 09/09/2013".
I think it's because it is not the canned product sold as coconut milk. This is thinner and is a milk replacement. The canned product called coconut milk is thicker and is usually used for cooking. It is used in curries and in many Thai dishes. It can also be used in place of whipping cream for baking and other uses. Coconut Dream is what I use in place of milk.
Filtered water, coconut cream, tricalcium phosphate, carrageenan, gellan gum, sea salt, natural flavors, vitamin A palmitate, vitamin D2, vitamin B12 (cyanocobalamine).
the sugar content is less than 1gram/8oz. serving
I ordered the Christmas tree lollipops and yes they are individually wrapped. They were packaged in a well padded box with Styrofoam insert to ensure they arrived undamaged and indeed they did. I attached the lollipops to the outside of my office Christmas gifts for 24 co-workers. They were a great hit and good accent to each gift box! I would very much recommend this item!
Dear Ms Beard: Thank you for your email. Please note item # 20240, "Christmas Tree Lollipops" feature a swirl design of red, green, and or white. Unfortunately we are unable to advise what flavor these are. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. Thank you for contacting Collections Etc. on Amazon!
We do offer combined shipping for multiple items placed on the same order.
All food items are required to be 90 days before Amazon will ship product.
Don"t buy,because those are expired!
No real fruit on the bottom, only the fruit flavored. My baby loves all three.
We found that with both of our sons, that it was right around 9 months, although I am sure it varies by kid, I would check with your doctor first.
I think that it lasts more than 2 months. But I don't remember well
I'd say about a tea spoon per cups, but don't forget! You don't need to throw your tea after every cups, a spoon could easily be used for 2/3 or 4 cups depending on how long your infuse it... it's all matter of taste.
Guayusa is a member of the holly species (similar to Yerba Matte,) so if you've made kombucha with Yerba, you should have no problem using the Guayusa infusion to ferment kombucha as well.
I think it is. I also believe that there is more caffeine than Guyaki.
I don't but it is very easy on the stomach!! The cleanest caffeine source I've found
No.
I used a filter holder to keep the leaves steeped in the water, but not floating in the water.
I don't know that there are flavors...guayusa is a green tea that tastes great just as it is...without any flavorings.
That's strange! I haven't had that experience - mine have all been good so far.
Guayusa is a distinct plant of the holly family. And although people drink it in a similar manner to tea, it is not actually tea because it does not come from the tea plant. So, yes, it would be considered herbal tea.
Foods are not required by the FDA to carry exp. dates. If your Runa is breaking down and becoming dusty, I would dispose it. I don't think you'd ever be in danger of mold/bacteria because the tea is so dry. It just tastes better fresh.
If you call palm oil paleo friendly? I recall they had palm oil added! Tasty enough, though. I don't think paleo people used palm oil! :/
I am not sure I have had dehydrated raw plaintains before, but I would say that these are definitely cooked.
I agree with the frustration of how many food products on Amazon do not list the ingredients... I think they are trying to hide it. I looked at the Samai website, and it said: Plantains, Sea Salt and Non-Hydrogenated Palmolein oil.
I always keep mine in the refrigerator and have stored them for a month or so. I think they taste better cold!
I have no clue how many. But a lot. I have shared mine with my friends at work and my daughter's too. They are just like the ones in the frozen yogurt shops.
They do not need refrigeration until you open them.
We have two separate facilities- gluten and gluten-free. Our gluten products such as wheat, etc... are processed in our gluten facility. Our gluten-free products are processed in our gluten- free facility.
Yes, brown rice flour is a naturally gluten free flour. Even if you find wheat that is organic and sprouted, research has shown most do not react to the gluten because it is not like mass processed wheat flour. Hope this helps!
Still had the packaging paperwork supplied with my purchase. No mention of nuts. However vendor is easy going should answer any questions you have.
Our organic brown rice is grown in the US and is supplied to us by Lone Pine Enterprises, LLC out of Carlisle, Arkansas. Let us know if we can assist you further.
one has to distinguish inorganic arsenic, often residual from cotton farming from organic arsenic which the body can handle and is not as toxic. Does Lone pine test for INORGANIC arsenic - I presume if they are organic this is covered but unless they really have good third party testing it is really an unknown. Most likely as they are biodynamic they would be particular about testing the soil when they first started out. Supposedly that region no longer has cotton farming and that was in the distant past so lead from Remington would be more of a concern in that area.
I store mine in the freezer so it doesn't go rancid.
There are a whole list of different grains in the whole wheat product including einkorn
No. It does not require grinding. the 10lb bag of 100% Whole Grain, Organic Sprouted Wheat flour is ground flour and ready to use. it makes fabulous bread in my bread maker.
Grains are not easy to digest-- that's the point of a seed, after all, to pass through te gut of birds and other creatures and sprout somewhere. These grains of wheat are sprouted before grinding, which greatly enhances their nutritional value and our ability to digest them. It is also freshly ground with each order, again enhancing nutritional value. Ground flour looses it's nutritional value very quickly, so what we buy at the store is lower in nutrients.
I don't believe this is einkorn, as they used to have a separate product title sprouted einkorn flour. Although it may not be einkorn I believe it is still an unaltered wheat. It is a wonderful product!!
NOT GMO. All their products are certified organic and by definition cannot be GMO. Order direct from them, though. Better prices and faster shipping.
I have it in my cupboard. It should keep for 2+ years that way, but one can put it in the freezer too. You can store in a glass jar or leave in the resealable bag it comes in.
It doesn't have it on the packaging.
I am not sure. I have used this product and do not have to packaging to read if it was processed with other tree nuts.
So sorry. We've eaten them all & I cannot remember..!! Bernice :)
i have no idea. but i can tell you that these nuts were delicious! PS. my name is Alana B :)
I also would like to know the answer to this question. Alana D, were you able to find walnuts on Amazon that are definitely not processed in a facility with wheat or gluten?
I use in seeds in smoothies and over salads, good for you.
Nutiva DOES NOT claim that its seeds are gluten free, although hemp naturally contains no gluten. This may be because their seeds are processed in a facility that also processes gluten containing grains (e.g., wheat, barley).
Look on the lower right hand corner of the package back to see the specific expiration date. The one listed on my package may not be the same as yours, but when the ingredients remain sealed, are usually good for up to one year from purchase date.
Dear KH, Hemp is the best organic raw material under the sun. We have bought many packets of this brand and make and have enjoyed in a mix with milk shakes, salads or fruit juice mix. As far as I know, these seeds when cold pressed can produce a milky type liquid or oil, which you may call Hemp oil or milk. Remember that all these seeds are without the THC component, which is the key ingredient of real Hemp oil. I am not sure if you can get milk from these seeds but if you have a cold press machine or another method like Soya milk, then you can definitely try. Good luck to you and hope you will learn more about hemp.
No shell and ready to eat. Delightful and healthy.
They are without shell. Ready to eat. I can see some green covering on them but it's not something I cannot eat.
There are two 13 oz. packages ... at least that's what I get =)
They are both healthful - high in Omega 3, Hemp has twice the protein with 10g per ounce vs. 4.7g for Chia. They are both great additions to your diet, it depends on what you like. I use hemp to coat tofu and tempeh and it taste great - I use chia seeds in shakes, but haven't tried any real recipes with them.
Triple filtered purified water, defatted cocoa powder, caramel color, natural flavors, vegetable fiber, sucralose, sea salt, vanilla flavor, lactic acid, xantham gum, sodium benzoate (to preserve freshness)
Because the price includes shipping. To ship you a glass jar it will cost approximately $6. This is evident when looking at the sellers not offering the price with shipping included. Their price are approximately $4 for the item + $6 for shipping.
I don't know if lactic acid, that is used in this product, is derived from alcohol. Product does not contain alcohol.
One.
Sorry.....I don't know. You might visit their website for ingredient info.
Yes, that is correct
Each bar is 2.6 oz
No, the is no kashrut symbol on the wrap.
Uh....seriously
I am so sorry I do not know the answer. I can tell you that I love the coffee. If I close me eyes tight enough, I can almost belief I am sitting in Jackson Square sipping on a cup.
It comes in the can...enjoy!
Some vendors do ship the coffee and beignet mix to Canada, but unfortunately our company does not ship to Canada.
this is a very dark french roast. A couple of tablespoons of this ground coffee is enough for an entire pot!!
I can't see why you wouldn't be able to. I don't have an espresso machine but I was under the impression that you used ground coffee.
Yes indeed, I received 3 15oz cans
Yes. And I'm out... You reminded me to buy some more.
No. We have purchased it before and my wife does not like the "French Market" brand. She is the coffee drinker not me!
12
Yes you get 4 boxes with (12) I think in each box
I just ordered these and I was surprised how quickly I went through them but I am a big ice cream eater. This latest batch of 48 cones has a "Best By December 2015" stamped on it. So they will easily stay fresh for a year or so. I would imagine they would last longer as this is just a "best by" expiration date.
You get 4 boxes, each containing 12 cones, for a total of 48 cones. They are really good if you haven't tried them. Besides ice cream, they also work well for those cupcake cones where you fill them with cupcake batter, bake, and frost to look like ice cream cones-- my GF kids (and their friends) love them!
Yes! We have used it in homemade ice cream, and we loved it. We are vegan vegetarians, so we used non-dairy milks. We also used "healthier" sweeteners. We made up an ice cream freezer full one time when several teenagers spent the night in our home en route to a convention in another state. Some of them were not even vegetarians, but all of them loved it and came back for more!
It is more the color of milk chocolate.
It does dissolve in milk just like cocoa powder (but it does not dissolve instantly).
Carob powder has no expiration date. There is nothing in the product that could go bad. I had a container for over a year and everytime I used it, it was like I just opened the can. Great product.
I don't know I am out of Chatfields - last time I purchased a different brand, Swanson, which IS organic & raw http://www.amazon.com/Certified-Organic-Carob-Powder-grams/dp/B00A8FCELU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1403654614&sr=8-1&keywords=swanson+carob+powder
I know they're soy based they did not comment as to possible other allergens.
Can't find info on label, but if it's a concern to you, I would suggest you call the manufacturer.
Sugar, palm oil, cinnamon, non-fat dry milk, soy lecithin
No.
Sugar, palm oil, cinnamon, nonfat dry milk, and soy lecithin I love them. I use them in cinnamon scones
When mine arrived it was wrapped in bubble wrap inside of a shipping box. The shipping box was not see-through.
Yes, but the salt block is a bit of a bear to get clean after using it to cook steaks. Buying a 2nd smaller sized serving tile to use for serving sushi would make a more eye appealing presentation and using the 2nd one only for chilled food would allow for a quick clean presentation time after time.
It is one piece of salt. It is awesome!!!
it 's raw salt.
Cookware grade
Never use direct water to wash the block...you can use a damp sponge to rub it and clean some food residue...don't worry about the color change and the normal "food absorption" of the tile, it's normal...try to remove any humidity excess with a napkin....store the salt block on a dry place, I additionally use a bed of raw rice to absorb any moisture while not being used...
The one I received weighed 14 pounds
I have the same question, why is this only available in VERY VANILLA.. I only buy the very vanilla type because I have no other choice, but this is too sweet for me, too! Soy is healthy, but the sugar content in it? That makes me nervous.. I hope that the SILK company will start making the original -- or even the no sugar-added soymilk in tetrapacks, like this!
It is shipped U.P.S.Special processing allows the milk to be stored without refrigeration. While it's better to store this in a cool place, It is fine stored in a cabinet.
there is a stamp with the date on them. its the top of the box in the lilac purple colored box. Usually 6 mos or more away
All it says about sugar is 15g and lists cane sugar in ingredients
The last case I bought in December 2012 has a "best by" date of July 2013. They usually have about 6 months from when I get them, unless they are on sale when they may have only a couple of months.
Yes, the soybeans in this are GMO free. They have a non GMO project verification logo, and Silk only uses non GMO soybeans in all it's products.
Hi, they are unsulphured
Around 25-30.
Hi there. No they are not pitted. They are lovely tasting though and not like the standard ones you get that are tough.
As far as I can remember they were not organic, its been a while since I have boughten them. But very good quality.
There are 24 packs.
I think the company reselling for $204 is trying to sell 24 bags (each bag has 4 serving packs - so 96 total packs), but they have attached their reselling attempt to Amafruits' listing, where Amafruits is selling 24 packs (6 bags with 4 serving packs inside each bag). In the end it is a case of semantics. You do want to use 2 of the single serve packs (3.5 oz/100g) to make an acai bowl. There are 4 of these single serve packs in each bag. So, if the company reselling for $204 is selling 24 bags, then each bag would be $8.50 and each bowl would be $4.25. However, to be sure you should ask the company reselling for $204 directly. I do know that Amafruits sells 6 bags (24 packs) in the listing when available from the seller Amafruits.
You don't indicate exactly what "this" is, but I bought a box containing 6 bags of 4 packets each from this company for $58, so that was under $2.50 apiece. Delicious, by the way! I'm about to order another box.
We do not ship to Puerto Rico through Amazon.com due to limitations with our Amazon agreement. However, we can ship to Puerto Rico by special order. It usually costs around $45 extra shipping to send a small 24 pack box ($57.99) to Puerto Rico. So, total would be 102.99. We also have larger boxes that may be a better option to take advantage of the shipping charges. You can call us toll free at 1-877-818-1262. Thank you.
Unfortunately, we do not ship internationally due to the perishable nature of our products.
Enough!! Really great deal!
No
Yes if are willing to pay for shipping and any fees that may be imposed. Thank you for considering our product. Edward Sellian
It is already grounded
I did not look for the expiration date. I did try this coffee immediately after it arrived from Amazon.
Don't know the answer...not sure anyone does. A quote from the National Cannery Association: "Canned food has a shelf life of at least two years from the date of processing. Canned food retains its safety and nutritional value well beyond two years, but it may have some variation in quality, such as a change of colour and texture. Canning is a high-heat process that renders the food commercially sterile. Food safety is not an issue in products kept on the shelf or in the pantry for long periods of time. In fact, canned food has an almost indefinite shelf life at moderate temperatures (75 F and below). Canned food as old as 100 years has been found in sunken ships and it is still microbiologically safe! We don't recommend keeping canned food for 100 years, but if the can is intact, not dented or bulging, it is edible."
It's a 12 oz container, which equates to 24 1 tbsp servings. Each serving is 100 calories, all 100 of which are from fat. So, you've got 200 calories per oz. FYI, this is real butter, and the stuff in my refrigerator has exactly the same ingredient list and nutrition info.
no, it does not appear to have any lining.
http://www.ballantyne.com.au/internationalsales_2.cfm?CID=3&CID2=3
"Glucose syrup is a gluten- free sweetener made most frequently from corn, but also from tapioca, potato, and sorghum or wheat starch. It is such a highly processed and purified ingredient that the source of the starch does not matter. Even if you see glucose syrup derived from wheat on a label, it is still gluten free." from gluten-free living website. the wheat allergen warning is legally necessary even though the proteins are pretty much gone and wouldn't cause a reaction.
I received two separate pacgages of 34 oz. each. But I do not recall my total cost. A lot of individual candies in each package.
About 180 or so. About like buying 6-7 of the 7oz bags at the grocery store.
Yes
Mine was a year plus from expiration date.
If you look at the images associated with this product,you'll see butter and cream listed in the ingredients, so no. Not at all vegan.
We have never used it for that recipe but these are very light weight in taste and work in many recipes including soups, sauces, mixed with vegetables, and more. My wife and grandkids love these noodles.
rice flour, water and tapioca starch, simple ingredients and very good
It stays about the same at 1/2 inch. Similar to a wide egg noodle. I use them as Chow Fun in Hawaiian recipes.
Front packaging says gluten free in the upper r-h corner.
My label showed 50G of carb and 29 fiber as well and 2 sugars. At first I thought what I got was sweetened, but after tasting it, it was not sweet. Very sad that they are putting nutrition labels on the product that are just plain wrong.
Was not aware this was even an issue!
When I received it, it was exactly like shown in the bag. Small discs. It's a very handy size to just pull out one and use it as lotion. I have loved it so far. This is my first experience buying raw organic cocoa butter. I've been buying raw shea butter for years, but it's offputting to a lot of people because of the "earthy" smell, as they say. I added the cocoa butter to make the lotion more lightweight and a more enticing fragrance and it's SO much better (even to me, and I don't hate the raw, earthy shea butter smell). I'd recommend this cocoa butter!
Absolutely!! Just make SURE that you don't use too much. I did and I had to keep adding cacao powder! Be careful too when it's in the double boiler as it melts quickly. My chocolate turned out yummy!!
You can certainly make the highest quality chocolate using our cocoa butter. Depending on how glossy you want for your final product to look like, cocoa butter will give you so smooth ourersurface but not too glossy. thank you
It is raw organic coconut butter but I did not see anything that said it was certified. I can say though that it is a very good product. I am an organic vegan and used this product for making lotion bars. I has a wonderful smell and my organic vegan friends loved it.
yes. I put it in chocolate wafers to make it thinner.
Where does it say USDA certified Organic? it is organic yes.
You are correct. Cocoa butter is made by processing the cocao bean.
I'm not at all associated with the seller of this product, but I do order it here and use it. The ingredient is just raw cocoa butter.
these are the old fashioned rolls
My mother gets these and is out of the country so do not know but I am really sure you do.
It will very but, usually more than a year.
no
Long list: sugar, gum base, glucose syrup, modified food starch, artificial and natural flavoring, aspartame, candelilla wax, yellow 5, blue 1, partially hydrogenated cottonseed oil, water. Nothing healthy...but I do not swallow!
Ours says "Made in Mexico".
January 2015
I'm looking at the package right now (I buy from Amazon) and the packaging says it is made in MEXICO and distributed by Cadbury Adams USA LLC. If it were made in China I would NEVER buy it. Hope this helps.
Yes
Naturally White means that when the flour hits the oxygen in the air, it naturally whitens without any chemicals or anything to whiten it. It is made with the endosperm only with no bran or germ.
It says unbromated right in the product description.
Under the ingredients it says: 100% Organic What Flour. Unbleached and unenriched.
I only made sourdough twice and both times it was great.
Yes it is. If you look on front of bag picture middle right there is an emblem (looks like a flour) which is their symbol for a non-GMO product. You can go to Hodson Mills non-GMO products and find a complete list.
I made white bread in a machine. Its excellent.
If you use the recipe book that came with the bread maker and this flour it should turn out just fine.
I have made biscuits and muffins with it and they turned out great. I haven't made bread with it though.
That's a good question Guy, I, perhaps naively, assumed that it wouldn't be, because of it's organic status. Maybe you should call the company. I was not aware of this horrid practice!
Not white looks more like unbleached white works great in bread machine
There are 4 grams of protein in this flour, not sure how it translates into %. However, I make great bread with it. No additional gluten is needed, however, some bread recepies I've made do call for it.
on the box its 7/22/15. in the freezer it will last for long time.
Yes
Hi Michele, I'm so sorry but we don't have this box anymore. The kids devoured it last year ! If I had to guess, maybe, a pound ??? Lisa
Approx 24
Five coins of varying sizes. We buy these coins because of my son's nut allergies. He really enjoys them!
24
I don't remember -- it was some time ago that I bought this. But there were certainly at least 8 bags because I remember serving out one each day of the holiday.
yes
Yes
I just use the light bread setting and it is wonderful. Especially when you use the cinnamon bread to make French toast.
I have gotten several orders through Subscribe and Save. They were all 4 boxes. Hope this helps, Ramona Radsick
Make sure all of the yeast is in one pile in the middle of the bucket.
no bread machine is required, i use one and love this recipe as does my daughter-in-law, but you dont need to use the machine, you can bake it also,,
Hi Alexander, thank you for the question. Since amazon is the one responsible for the sale, warehousing, and distribution we can't guarantee it's freshness to the same level as our website orders. But I will say that we never overstock our inventory there and we send in a new batch every week. With that said, the coffee comes in a one way valve package, which does keep it fresher longer. Also, if you freeze it when you get it, the freshness lasts weeks longer.
Hi Alexander, thank you for the question. Since amazon is the one responsible for the sale, warehousing, and distribution we can't guarantee it's freshness to the same level as our website orders. But I will say that we never overstock our inventory there and we send in a new batch every week. With that said, the coffee comes in a one way valve package, which does keep it fresher longer. Also, if you freeze it when you get it, the freshness lasts weeks longer.
This company utilizes wild civets (not caged) proceed goes to funding their conservation and rescue of civets. www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRTCwN-y0Cw&list=UUgcJJYfdCVNVx9mmn0EGV5A#t=29
I used a french press.
You might be more likely to tell the farmers to their face of your concerns, and i'm sure they will listen to you.
It has been deodorized. It is guaranteed 100% natural.
No. Room temperature is fine.
This one is not meant to ingest. NOW has coconut oil on the food section that you can eat. This one is meant more for beauty and topical.
Yes you can its pure coconut oil : )
Yes to answer your question. I am happy with the product
Yes
It's a thick glass
The product NOW Foods Pure Coconut Oil - 7oz is made in the USA
Yes its great over a period of time. Give it a least two months. I love it. But I'm going to try an organic brand. I'm not sure if it is or not. I use this brand on my skin after a shower.
Yes! It's a very good brand. I use it on my hair and face. It makes my hair very soft and shiny. I'll cover my hair with it then leave it in for about an hair then rinse it out with shampoo and my hair feels amazing! I have stringy hair so when I use it, it takes away the stringy-ness.
Yes, but you can reduce the degree of separation by storing it in the refrigerator, or upside down (just make sure the lid is screwed on tightly).
The label doesn't say, but of the 2 ingredients, cashews are listed second (meaning there are more walnuts than cashews). The product tastes like walnuts to me -- I can't taste the cashews (which I don't care for).
Jar says: Premier Organics, Oakland, California. Certified organic by QAI. Product of USA. Hope this helps. I really love this product. I get migraines easily from inorganic food or food with preservatives. I have had no trouble with this and it tastes delicious.
Towards crunchy.
Ingredients are organic walnuts and organic cashews. Nothing else. All Artisana products are the best.
Hi Cherie! We have a flat shipping fee of $4.99 per order. If the order is shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, or any US Territories, there is an additional fee of $3.99 per order. You can view our shipping fees at the following link:
Energetically engineered my friend... another words; "Frank-N-seed" by Monsanto!
It appears to be made from roasted seeds. I'm not sure about whether it is whole seed or hulled.
This product is the main ingredient hummus other than the garbanzo beans (chick peas). It should be used as is but remember to stir it up before adding as it has a tendency to separate after it sits for a while. Also there is a recipe for Tahina on the side of jar. Tahina is basically hummus without the garbanzo beans and is perfectly suitable as a dip and is much smoother than hummus.
Unopened, stored above the stove in my un-airconditioned Southern California home, after six months it was fine.
It doesn't say on the container. It is some kind of plastic.
It just say made in Israel. You may have to google the company.
Sesame seeds have a high oil content. It is very important to stir the contents of a container from the bottom up. The solids settle in the bottom of the container and can form a very dense mass. You must incorporate the entire contents of a given container before you use it. You will see it begin to thicken during this process.
Yes, and it is wonderful.
It is a 4-pack of 17 oz. plastic bottles. 68 oz. total.
The package says Do Not Freeze.
Zero
Sorry you have had bad luck with the noodle-if you cook it for three minutes, the slimy seems to go away, and I found that by using a lot as opposed to a little, it works better. I have practically converted from my old pasta life, although on occasion..... I just need the original. And really great sauce helps-dont think of it as a pasta noodle-a friend of mine made pad thai with is and it was incredible-you just need to find what items it works well with, and which you need to use the regular noodles with.
Purified water, konnyaku flour and calcium hydroxide are only ingredients.
No starches of any kind. That's why it has no (non-fiber) carbs. When prepared correctly, they're a great substitute for those cutting carbs and starches from their diet. Just don't expect you can boil them like regular pasta and eat them with butter. They need a sauce. They need flavor. And they need a little time to absorb that flavor. :)
I don't remember. I just know that I hated it. I tried one package and threw the rest away.
It comes in a bag and doesn't need to be refrigerated. Cook the whole bag and if you don't eat it all, you can put leftovers in the refrigerator.
No only after opening.
Hi, I can only tell you that I'm satisfied with the product and have not verified any claims made by the company regarding the wether or not it's organic.
They are not certified organic.
Mine did sprout.... And they are delicious.
Unshelled. They taste delicious, very fresh and are organic!!!
According to my knowledge, it is not GMO product. It comes from a big tree in Brazil. For more info check it out : http://www.stdf-safenutproject.com
THAT IS A QUESTION TO ASK THE SUPPLIAR.
Presently no, our Brazil Nuts are packaged in a wheat free facility.
I did not see the stamp. It was in a plain clear plastic bag, inside a plain brown box.
These are whole cashews and they are good. You just get a few broken ones.
Grown in Vietnam. I just called Sincerelynuts.com, the sales person answered that most of their nuts products are not grown in US.
Hi, What we can do is send you the photos of the bulk box shown certified organic label or send you the organic certification from our suppliers. Best wishes, Green Bulk
Not sure....it came in a plastic bag with no labels on it.
Well, the description says that they are organic so I am guessing that they are non-GMO.
I can answer the last question: they seem very fresh to me. The taste and texture are excellent. These cashews are far superior to the cashews my health food store carries. And the ones in "bins" are just awful.
It do not say on the bag
That's what the package says, and as far as I know they are. They definitely don't taste roasted or salted.
I really don't know. I haven't ordered this item in some time, however, many pieces were whole, some halves, etc, so perhaps that's what it means.
We have tried several different brands of powdered milk recently to see which is the best for food storage. This is very good tasting milk according to my husband - very creamy. My ratio is different than the directions on the can as I did not want 3.5% milk fat. I mixed 1/3 c. powder with 2 c. water (or 2 1/2 level Tbsp per cup water). This probably made a very creamy 2% milk - more or less. The directions on the can call for 3 heaping Tbsp. to about 6 oz. water to make 6.75 oz. That's not even a full cup. The can will make 3.5 gallons (about 56 cups of milk) using my ratio above so that equals $4.95 per gallon or $4.70 with subscribe and save option. Not so bad considering. However, if you use the ratios on the can it can be very expensive.
The can that I have opened says it was packed October 2012 and expires October 2014...2 years. I opened this can about a week and a half ago. We use at this time only for coffee creamer as we don't like the additives and ingredients in prepared. I use 1 Tablespoon dry in each cup. If I didn't use anymore from this can that is opened I would expect it to last at least 6-8 months. I like the ability to make milk if needed for cooking...but purchased it to use as coffee creamer. I am "into" food storage and would expect the unopened can to last at least 3 years over the printed expiration date. If I found out otherwise I would open the can and reseal with oxygen absorbers in canning jars...hope this helps you make a decision. This is the best milk powder I have found..
There is nothing on the can that indicates that the milk is organic.
It's good for at least five years after the printed expiry date. No kidding,I found out from personal experience when I opened a can from a forgotten stash with an expiry date of 1994 -in 2001. Being rather intrepid,I decided to mix a batch and it was perfect. (In retrospect,maybe I was just lucky but it was still fine. No one noticed anything different anyway)
It contains lecithin derived from soybeans. Lecithin is phosphatidylcholine, and is an essential component of our bodies. It's put in powdered milk to help the "cream" dissolve. Otherwise, your reconstituted milk would be full of little clumps. Lecithin can be obtained from a lot of foods including eggs and fish. By itself it is sold as a nutritional supplement. The chance of this causing an allergic reaction in a person sensitive to soybeans is vanishingly low.
I think that is because this is used at times in places where water purity maybe in question and if you mix up more than you can drink at a time. Even treated tap water has bacteria in it. It blends well both in hot or cold liquid. I use it in hot coffee and have made up a glass in cold water to drink both mixed quickly and thoroughly.
Reading the can: Produced in Holland
Yes, it's made in Holland - as written on the can. However, I do not know what type of cow(s) it comes from (product packaging has no info on this); what I do know is that it's rich, creamy & delicious!!! Hope this helps.
Hi on the bottom of my can it says: 12 of 1013-12 of 1015......hope this helps...it seems nice and fresh...
It is produced in Holland and has a 2 year shelf life.
I'm not sure what digestible carbs are, but if you look at the photo of the label, you see that the total carbs per serving is 17g and 11g of those is fiber. So, I would assume the answer is 6g? I hope this helps.
I can only say that the six packs we buy are just soybean spaghetti. They do not raise our BG when used in meatball spaghetti dinners
Their Zmung bran fettuccine is made in Hambush, NSW Australia and imported tour distribution thru West Orange NJ. Write comp at www.explore-asian.com
Hi Sara, it's 16 carbs, 0.5 fiber, 20.5 protein per serving. The servings are measured quite generously, more than I normally can eat. It says there are 4 servings per container, I get at least 6 full servings out of it, often 7 - 8. hope that helps.
The soybeans are certified organic, so technically by definition they should be GMO-free. For the ultimate confirmation, you should email the company.
I cant' really say but I buy it for my grandson because my daughter makes his formula with it and it does state that it has "No BGH Antibiotics or Preservatives". That to us is very important. Hope this helps.
I haven't tried it for cheese, but I do use it to make yogurt.
It's definitely pasteurized. Meyenberg is a pasteurized brand, and the process of producing dry milk uses high heat. Dry milk and condensed milk can never be "raw". Oh and, Thomas is wrong. Raw milk from a healthy source is superior to pasteurized milk, which explains why baby cows die when they live off pasteurized milk. Raw milk is also more tolerable to people who are sensitive to pasteurized milk. Pasteurization came about thanks to industrial farming, which caused cows to become unhealthy and infected, and of course, the milk would be infected and unsafe to drink without pasteurizing it first. However, pasteurizing also alters the proteins and fats in the milk. Goat milk is especially sensitive to heat because of the fat structure, which is why Meyenberg's ultra-pasteurized goat milks taste 'goaty' while the less pasteurized brands (Summerhill, LaClare, etc..) and raw goat milk don't have that goaty flavor. Good luck!
YES! Goats milk is far easier to digest than cows milk, and this is always a better option! you can also buy it fresh in the dairy department. But I liked having the powder on hand as well.
No, it is powdered goat milk fortified with vitamin D. I use it exclusively for my 18 mo old and have been since she was 9 months old. She loves it!
The "use by" date is located on the bottom of cans. On the milk I purchased this summer, the use by is 05/21/18. It lasts a LONG time. They recommend using open cans within 8 weeks; and mixed milk within 5 days when refrigerated.
I haven't had good luck mixing it with cold water. It doesn't seem to dissolve properly. I mix half the water (hot)called for with the needed powder, mix until dissolved then add ice cubes. If more cold water is needed to get to necessary amount I add it.
Meyenberg is based in Turnlock, California, USA :)
Powdered goat milk is still milk and therefore has lactose.
It can be left out safely for 2-3 hours but used promptly after. Since it is in a powder there is no real reason to resonstitue it and not use it. I personally only reconstitute it when I need it so I don't have a waste issue. I hope this helps.
They are one fish to each wrapper/individually wrapped. They are a little bigger fish though. I would say a little over an inch long each.
Full Size.
They are the red fish, It is just one large red fish individually wrapped
One
No
Most candy has at least a 6 month expiration date. It really is up to you when you decide to purchase. I don't think it would be a problem to order now. Thank you for your inquiry.
They are back down to $10.90 right now.
They are priced at $13.69 plus shipping. That is the price for this item. Thank you.
There is one fish per little bag. Individually wrapped.
I no longer have the box that they came in but I am pretty sure they were not.
package does not say raw or organic.
They are loose sticks wrapped in bubble wrap and shipped in an envelope. Arrived in perfect condition.
Around 7 inches
There is no packaging - they arrive in a clear plastic bag. I'd contact the seller to see if they're packaged in a nut-free environment, but the ingredients (on the item page) are listed as "100% honey with no additives".
There is nothing on the package that states whether it is kosher or not.
20 grams of Vegan protein 20 essential vitamins and minerals no saturated fat, trans fat or cholesterol No artificial sweeteners flavors or colors 160 calories vit A 20% Vit C 15% Vit D 13% Vit E 17% B12 17% Calcium 15% Magnesium 15% Zinc 13% Potassium 3% Vit B6 15% Riboflavin 15% Dietary fiber 4% Carbs 14g, 5% Sodium 15% Copper, chromium, molybdenum, manganese, selenium
Peggy, I am on warfarin also. I do not know what coq10 is or how it would affect the blood. I use the chocolate Arbonne. As far as I know it hasn't affect my blood. Since you mentioned this I am going to check further about coq10. Thanks for the heads up.
Supplement Facts Serving Size 2 scoops (45 g) Servings Per Container 30 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value Calories 160 Calories from Fat 30 Total Fat 3.5 g 5% Saturated fat 0 g 0% Trans fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Total Carbohydrate 15 g 5% Dietary Fiber 2 g 8% Soluble Fiber 1 g Insoluble Fiber 1 g Sugars 9 g Protein 20 g Vitamin A (as retinyl palmitate) 620 IU 12% Vitamin C (as ascorbic acid) 9 mg 15% Vitamin D (as ergocalciferol) 50 IU 13% Vitamin E (as d-alpha tocopheryl acetate) 5 IU 17% Thiamin (as thiamin hydrochloride) 0.22 mg 15% Riboflavin 0.25 mg 15% Niacin (as niacinamide) 3 mg 15% Vitamin B6 (as pyridoxine hydrochloride) 0.3 mg 15% Folate (as folic acid) 61 mcg 15% Vitamin B12 (as cyanocobalamin) 1 mcg 17% Biotin 25 mcg 8% Pantothenic Acid (as d-calcium pantothenate) 1.7 mg 17% Calcium (as calcium carbonate) 153 mg 15% Iodine (as potassium iodide) 23 mcg 15% Magnesium (as magnesium oxide) 61 mg 15% Zinc (as zinc oxide) 2 mg 13% Selenium (as sodium selenate) 11 mcg 16% Copper (as copper sulfate) 0.3 mg 15% Manganese (as manganese sulfate) 0.3 mg 15% Chromium (as chromium chloride) 18 mcg 15% Molybdenum (as sodium molybdate) 11 mcg 15% Sodium (as sea salt and sodium citrate) 480 mg 20% Potassium (as potassium citrate) 340 mg 10% inneR G-PleX 37.5 mg ** Coenzyme Q10, Alfalfa (leaf) powder, Kelp powder, Ginseng (root) powder Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. **Daily Value not established. otheR inGRedients: Arbonne Protein Matrix Blend (pea protein isolate, cranberry protein, rice protein), sugar cane, cocoa powder, natural chocolate flavor, sunflower oil, corn starch, inulin, xanthan gum, stevia leaf extract, flax seed, gum acacia, guar gum.
Arbonne's protein shakes use a blend of brown rice protein, pea protein, and cranberry protein. Sweetened with stevia. If you have anymore questions please send me an email. supa1004@gmail.com ... I can mail you the full list if needed. Were you wondering because you are allergic to anything? I look forward to hearing back from you Delma!
Sodium per serving 540 mg; 23% of daily value. I love these shakes. My husband and I have a 6 oz. Shake an hour before exercising - very satisfying! Enjoy!
I just calculated it, and it's 3pts for regular and 4 for pts plus
I wish I had an answer
I would add one full scoop of powder into my blender vita mix and about 12 ounces of water and many raw veggies . It is a great protein powder with a great taste :) enjoy
160 Calories for 2 scoops (42 g) mixed with water.
20 grams of sugar per serving. A serving is two scoops. Sodium. 360 mg per serving. 2 scoops. sodium on package equals "sea salt and sodium citrate". I love this protein powder. Hands down my favorite. I usually only use one scoop versus two. Hope this helps?! Christina
Would you like to receive them packed in a box melted , or packed in a cooler with frozen packs , shipped priority 2day mail to be received firm and in great condition. If you want them the 1st way, make a note when ordering and we will work out a partial refund to accomodate you being a servant of money instead of visa versa.
I really can't remember . There were a lot though. I ordered an equal amount of milk choc. And the two together filled a 2.5 lb. jar little over half. I hope this helps.
I keep it room temperature.And last year I hid it so well ... And after find it 4 months later it still taste delicious :-)
I would wait untilid Dec. I ordered about 6 weeks before I needed them. You should have a cool place to store
I ordered mine last August so I dont know expiration but they came in a giant bulk bag. They were fresh and very good.
The 'only' ingredient in this product is 100% Certified Organic Coconut Nectar Sugar. It has a lower glycemic index than regular white sugar. Processed unbleached, unfiltered and no preservatives.
It's not as sweet as white table sugar, the taste is closer to brown sugar. I usually need an extra teaspoon/pinch if I'm using it to replace white sugar.
I would think non-GMO as its UDSA Organic. Package doesn't say
It says it's gluten free. Gluten is found in grains. You could email the company to ask about its manufacture process.
Indonesia: Fair Trade
It is made in Indonesia. My daughter-in-law is from Indonesia and she confirms that this sugar is often used in baking cakes. It looks like a light brown sugar, but doesn't bake like brown sugar. It bakes similar to our white table sugar.
No eggs!!! Just organic durum wheat semolina and pure mountain spring water.
No sign of enriched or fortified on the package. I purchased because of the slow drying and bronze dies.
4
There is no ADDED sugar. But, their is lactose in the dry whole milk (10g per 3 tablespoons).
When I bought mine there was about a year from the date of purchase.
I have not had this happen with any of mine and I live on the wet side of the PNW wet coast.
Personally, I believe that it is a misprint. The container is 2.5 lb. (2 lb. 8 Oz.) of powdered malted milk. If the container held 2.5 gallons, it would be huge and most certainly weigh more than 2.5 lb. I was most happy with my purchase (which is long gone) & will shortly more. I don't know why the local supermarkets don't have it !!!! -Marie
It is 2.5 pounds. I use about 1 1/2 TBLS 2 x day with my meal shakes. It lasts almost a month.
The stuff you get at the supermarket is 90 calories for a 3 Tbs serving
Yes
what do you mean by 'proper consistency'?
Yes, it would taste a little malted for the cereal,a unique flavour. For the pancake mix it would also work,it might even taste better than ,non-fat or regular milk. I have used this malted milk for making crepes..and it worked out great.Another great tip,when making scrambled eggs for a sunday or people brunch,I usually add half and half for fluffy ness, .this time I added 2 tablespoons of malted milk along with the half and half, and it also turned out light and fluffy and had that unique flavour. yes this can be used in a few different ways, so have fun trying different things, good Luck,and best wishes.Ralph
The size varies from small nickle size to about half a ping pong ball. I got 2 bags and they both had various sizes. Hope this helps.
Himalayan pink salt contains trace amounts of iodine as well as containing all 87 trace minerals necessary to maintain good health.
Yes it is I actually put this into your neti pot instead of regular salt and it works great to clear your sinuses
Hi, I ordered two bags and there were about 12-15 per bag. We used them(1 bag) to fill and cover a flameless candle inside a regular (milk gallon) sized lantern and they filled it up about halfway. They are beautiful in person. I will be buying more from this company.
we are located in Pompano Beach, and we import 100k Pounds a month of Himalayan salt from the mine direct.. brett
It's just salt... There shouldn't be any problem with grinders unless they are cheap plastic grinding wheels. It's no harder than typical table salt
Not really as its crunchy and works well in my salt grinder. I'm not sure what they mean by 'wet' as it may have moisture.
FYI - This is salt shaker ready but unrefined as minimum processing. Nothing added it is just milled down to a usable particle size for most shakers on the table. Hope that helps. I tossed out all my white salt which is processed and has other ingredients I dont want in my salt. I do however take Iodine on occasion either oral or the skin absorption type. Hope that helps.
No
I would think the best answer to this question would be what it doesn't contain. The mined salts have been protected, in many cases by volcanic rock, that has kept out today's polutions. Sodium and nitrates have cleansing properties. That is why I use the salt inhaler. Fewer natural minerals make for a purer taste, also.
Well Michael B. it states Kosher and Natural Certified. The Spice Lab sources the finest quality 100% natural salt, hand-mined deep within the Himalayan Mountains. These are comments from the package and website. Recommend you check their site and speak with them for more peace of mind. Very happy with my purchase and would purchase from thespicelab again. Also check other answers like from Dave Power..!!
yes, that's what I'm using it for as well
No. It contains all natural trace elements that our bodies deprive since they are not in most foods. Iodine was added to salt years ago as a measure the government tried knowing we are Iodine deficient. It is not near enough. All they needed to do was have doctors perform simple iodine tests and have people take Iodine. The government only cares about patented items like prescriptions to make them money so they never opened up. Now, they wait and prescribe drugs instead of simple homeopathic Iodine. Look for Lugol's Iodine in a dropper. There is 2% or %5. I use 2% and currently add 6 drops to my coffee every morning. It is not noticable in coffee but without a strong drink, it is nasty awful tasting. Good luck.
We only import and sell Food Grade salts, it is just the label, as the 4 pound is an amazon only item, and a custom label made for FBA with an FBA UPC code.. it is just an over sight when production made the 4lb label.. thank you brett
420mg is 17% of daily value.
The seal ring is designed so vapor can exit the bag but not enter the bag.
Bag does not say, but it lasts us approximately three weeks, making full pots of coffee- nearly every day. Hope that helps.
Yes, the stickers are on every bag I ever bought.
I just received two 40oz pkgs on August 6, 2014 and the expiration date on the two packages I received says October 2014. I haven't compared to the expiration dates on previously-purchased 40oz bags that I typically buy from Costco so I'm curious as to what the expiration dates others have when they purchase through Amazon's vendors.
how many do you need ?
Per 1 cup serving, total carbohydrates: 8g, Fiber &lt;1g. Hope that helps.
It's a little sweet
There is 160mg for a cup( 240 ml)
Well, I'm afraid you have me stumped there, but I'll do some research and see what (if anything) I can find!
Yes it said more than 50% than regular milk.
When I get almond milk at the store, it usually has an expiration date about a month and a half to two months in the future.
INGREDIENTS: Almondmilk (Filtered Water, Almonds), Sea Salt, Locust Bean Gum, Sunflower Lecithin, Gellan Gum, Natural Flavor. VITAMINS & MINERALS: Calcium Carbonate, Vitamin E Acetate, Zinc Gluconate, Vitamin A Palmitate, Riboflavin (B2), Vitamin B12,
They are probably a little smaller than an actual bee? I didn't measure them. I used them for beehive cupcakes and a beehive cake and they were perfect.
If I remember correctly, they are flat on one side. The other side is raised for detail.
They came shrink wrapped between 2 Styrofoam pieces. In between the layers of bees they had placed foam. None were broken. I apologize, buy I am not Jewish and do not know how to something that is Kosher should be shipped. Call the company for information like that.
Hi! If you want to take them with you, I'd put them in a plastic container and maybe fill it with some rice or wrap in foil so they're not flopping around and so nothing bumps around on them, even though they're pretty solid. I just love these decorations. Everyone comments how cute they are. If you need any further info, please don't hesitate to contact me again. Have a safe trip.
Keep them in an air tight container so no moisture gets in and they can last for ages! I've had them for at least 6 months. Love these! Look great on my Orange Blossom Cake (tube cake). I slice oranges real thin, pat out as much moisture without drying too much and then put on top of cake. I place a little bee in the center of each orange slice. Hope this helps.
6-8"
Hello, Unfortunately, we can only ship in increments of 25... You could order 25, 50, 75, 100, etc. because of the way our bunches are built for optimum protection of the roses during travel. Please look at our storefront to see all the available options. Thanks for your interest. Best regards, The Spring in the Air Team
No they don't. You will need a tall vase to put them in. They stand about 24 inches. These flowers are simply breath taking.
Hello Thomas, Unfortunately, we still can't ship to Canada. We are working on getting customs requirements in place so that we can ship to all of our Canadian fans. We'll be posting on our website and Facebook pages as soon as this is available. Thanks for your interest in our amazing roses. Best regards, The Spring in the Air Team
If you want the roses to arrive on Valentine's Day, simply click the "Schedule a Delivery" box, enter your zip code and choose February 14th on the calendar.
I really dont know, I always have sent them to someone, and I dont think she counted them. Ask Proflowers directly.
I first ordered through Amazon and had your same problem. I found that if you order from their direct website you can choose a delivery date. Just google Spring in the Air Luxury Roses and you'll find them.
Hello SimbiAni, the roses have this fragrance because they are so fresh. Sorry we don't have any bottled versions of it. Just more roses ;-) Sergio Cadena CEO Spring in the Air Luxury Roses
Hello Pitt, My name is Sergio Cadena, Founder and CEO of Spring in the Air Luxury Roses. We do have customer service. We're sorry about communication failure over the last few days. Our Valentine's Day operation suffered greatly due to problems with UPS which caused a flood of calls all at the same time and our phone system had problems because of that. We are working hard to get to each and every customer request. Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you. Best regards, Sergio Cadena
They are unsulphered and you are in for a delicious treat at a great price....nothing is added to these and you can order with confidence.
I have only ordered twice, a bag of figs and a bag of pineapple. The figs were right at their use by date but were moist and large,great. The pineapple looks shriveled and brownish,not pretty and yellow like the sugar preserved. However,they are moist and taste fantastic. I sgueezed out most of the air and stored in the fridge. No complaints so far. Del
The last figs I got were wonderful. The lot number is 14920TO101B.
This item consists of one 40oz bag.
These are dried figs.
I believe it means difference in cultures
Hello Yi, I am not sure about the other version. This one has no sugar added and is naturally sweet. I don't believe there could be another version with sugar added that could call itself "all natural". Thank you for your interest. Frank Calli Books
I don't have a bag at this time to check, but they are always very good. I have probably bought ten large bags in the past. You have me craving them right now!
I don't know.
I ordered on Sept.5,2013 and package said best by Jan.14,2014. Figs are moist and keep well past that date if kept air tight and in fridge.
The price for 8 bottles is $47 total-not for each bottle. The juice has a slightly tart flavor. Some times I add just a little dash of water.
140 Cal per 8 oz about 25% more than OJ. I always dilute up to 1:1 with water which makes it half as calorific. Shelf life according to stamp Best by about 6-9 months from when shipped to me. I think it would last longer is cool dark storage.
Michigan
The term "organic" is not anywhere on the label. The label does read "pasteurized."
It has 27g of sugar, but that is just from the fruit.The ingredients list no added sugar.Hope this helps.
The label says it's a combination of juice and juice concentrate. The "juice" ingredient is listed first; that may mean there's more of that than the concentrate. Hard to say for sure. Water is not listed as an ingredient. Anyway, it tastes really great.
Plastic
100% tart cherry juice, I use it for insomnia
plastic!
I was completely satisfied with my juice. It was very cherry and tart as well. No complaints here. 100% Montmorency juice.
On the black side of the k cup there is a date. I just brought some and the expiration date is 6/2014. Need to hold under light and turn the cup and you will see the date. I just brought over 300 k cups from amazon in August. I brought them for me and for my granddaughters who are in college. I have been buying all my kcups from Amazon.com and really never had an issue with any of the coffee I brought. The pricing is great and the coffee is even better. This coffee is darker and richer and I love favor.
Hi....Yes this Italian Roast is strong but the Green & Brown Tullys Italian is supposed to be stronger yet. Either way they're both delicious.
Every one I have received has been well before the expiration or use by date. Excellent product.
No
Hi Jenny, The prices fluctuate up OR down due to market forces. Actually now the price of coffee rose, so prices at this time may be a little higher.
Yes it is. Very rich, bold.
240 grams
Each stick is sealed with foil. One plastic fitted cover is included to use as the package foil is removed. It is to be used for all three sticks as you open them. The photo here shows that there are three one cup sticks in the package.
1 stick equals 1 cup
There are measurements across the length of the stick on the foil wrapper, the same as on a stick of butter.
The wrapper has marks for tablespoon, 1/4. 1/2 cup. You cut like sticks of butter. I love these because I would never use a whole can of Crisco.
There is no heat added, as it is raw. Raw means no higher that 118 degrees.
The company is in Oakland, California. Go to www.artisanafoods.com and click on About Us for more information.
Sure can! Great moisturizer!
That's news to me. Coconut Palm Trees do grow in the USA.
Nothing really, just aesthetics
Hello, We have included the nutrition facts below. We hope this information is helpful! Nutrition Facts Serving Size: 1 Tbsp. (14 ml) Servings Per Container 33 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 135Fat Calories 135 Total Fat 15 g 24% Sat Fat 14 g 68% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 0 mg 0% Total Carb 0 g 0% Dietary Fiber 0 g 0% Sugars 0 g Protein 0 g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 0% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Calories 2,000 2,500 Total Fat Less than 65 grams 80 grams Saturated Fat Less than 20 grams 25 grams Cholesterol Less than 300 mg 300 mg Sodium Less than 2,400 mg 2,400 mg Total Carbohydrate 300 grams 375 grams Dietary Fiber 25 grams 30 grams Calories per gram: Fat 9 Carbohydrate 4 Protein 4 INGREDIENTS: ORGANIC RAW EXTRA VIRGIN COCONUT OIL. Made on machinery that process tree nuts but does not process peanuts, gluten, dairy or soy. Blend it in your smoothies. Use it in baking and frying as a substitute for butter or margarine. Or, go ahead and rub this natural moisturizer right on your skin. REFRIGERATION NOT NECESSARY. Coconut oil is solid and opaque at room temperature and becomes clear once liquefied. Certified Organic by QAI Product of California, USA Raw and non-hydrogenated Vegan GLUTEN FREE US-ORG-050 Non EU Agriculture KOSHER NON GMO Project VERIFIED USDA ORGANIC
It does smell and taste of coconut, but not strongly. I haven't cooked with it.
for sanitary reasons, i would not leave the lid off.
Yes, but not too strong. It's good.
Kari, The consistency of coconut oil depends largely on the temperature. When warmed, this product will become a clearer liquid. At room temperature it is a solid. Let me know if you need anything else, and have a great day. -Kaylan with customer service
Im in the same boat. I looked on the facebook page today and noticed they have a new can and new flavours that they are saying are now available in Arizona but I cant get an answer on where to purchase it online or locally in the Denver area
Based on a the fact that when this product was sold at retail outlets here in the US the average price was 2.75 a can I can live with the 2.00 price increase. Just make the product readily available without all the delays. Maybe offer a discount for those that buy in bulk?
The company that bought the No Fear energy drink is in Canada. Shipping prices are outrageous. They will wait till there are a lot of orders for it then send out a large shipment. The last time I ordered with a 1-2 month wait, I really only waited 2 weeks.
It's just the original no fear....
Definitely NOT the same as the old flavor. I used to drink it all the time, then it disappeared. Then I found it here on Amazon. I was so excited I bought a 12 pack. I was sooooooo disappointed. It wasn't horrible, just not even close to what I remembered.
You can try to contact Shadow Beverages directly at shadowbeverages.com, but they sell No Fear on Amazon.com Exclusively.
The company that bought the No Fear energy drink is in Canada. Shipping prices are outrageous. They will wait till there are a lot of orders for it then send out a large shipment. The last time I ordered with a 1-2 month wait, I really only waited 2 weeks.
The company that bought the No Fear energy drink is in Canada. Shipping prices are outrageous. They will wait till there are a lot of orders for it then send out a large shipment. The last time I ordered with a 1-2 month wait, I really only waited 2 weeks.
I just found out that Dagoba is owned by Hershey, which is owned by Monsanto. So even if it is fair trade, it's not supporting real farmers - just big business. GRRRR - i wish they'd put that on their label too.
It is raw Cacao powder, which is not heated as much as cocoa powder in processing so the antioxidants are not destroyed. It is also much less bitter. We make our own chocolates with this and they require very little sweetener. It costs more that Cocoa, but it is healthier and very delicious!
I was wondering the same thing, since the product is advertised as such but the bag itself has no certification seal or label.
The label does not say whether it is manufactured in a facility that processes nuts or not However, my husband and son are severely allergic to peanuts, and neither one of them has had a problem with this product. I would call them and ask. 866-608-6944
No. And No. If you do a little research "raw" is not actually raw anyway due to the heat involved in processing.
Kristi, the package says "Pure Organic Cacao Powder." The word "raw" is not used. If you wish to contact the company in Ashland, Oregon, the number on the package is 1-866-608-6944.
If you cjeck the description of the chocolate, you will see that it is certified Kosher.
There's no nutritional information on the label and definitely no information on flavanoids. This is a top quality natural processed cocoa powder, so I imagine the content is pretty high; especially compared to Dutch processed cocoa powders. I don't know why your interested in flavonols or what exactly you are looking to get from a cocoa powder. I do believe Scharffen Berger to be the best quality natural processed cocoa powder currently being made and Valrhona to be the best quality Dutch processed cocoa powder.
Unsweetened Cocoa powder is extremely easy to use! It can be used in any recipe calling for cocoa. It is common to mix the cocoa with other dry ingredients or with a small amount of liquid prior to mixing it in the overall mixture. You can add sugar or other sweeteners to taste as well. It is beneficial this cocoa powder is unsweetened; this particular brand has also been processed in a natural way.
I don't know. Very smooth and nice. Here is the link for more info http://www.scharffenberger.com. As you go thru the site, there is a email address where you can ask questions.
No it is not. Very good quality
The instructions on the back are all in Japanese but there are plenty videos on youtube that show you how to make them &gt; http://youtu.be/JWf3q4fGKK4
Yes. Zerachin (Japanese for gelatin) is listed in the photo of ingredients.
Isn't this a question for the company who delivered it?
There is no cooking involved. Just add water and stir. Some of the things take a few minutes to set up.
it takes approx. 7 business days to arrive in U.S.
I'm honestly not sure. It should say somewhere in the description.
4.3/5 the package was kinda smooshed on the outside but didnt effect the inside since there is 2 layers of wrap
Dear customer, Some seller is out of country, but we are in USA, so will takes usually 2 to 3 business day. Thank you eKitron customer care
Depending on the size you're making them lol. My daughter made about 7 of them. They're ridiculously sweet, you don't want too many of them anyhow.
Hey Sulema! I personally did not care for the taste or texture, however, my 11 year old daughter did. It was so much fun to make that I'd buy it again. And it looks like real sushi!
one, unless it says there are 3 boxes, it makes one 9in pie, but its a deep dish, i will never ever buy any other lemon pie filling but this. best ever lemon pie filling
I don't know the answer. Try asking the manufaturer.
8 per box
Absolutely! The instructions are not in English, however there are pictures! Every package can be looked up on youtube and Kracie does a great review of each walking you through the process! My 6 year old does them on her own!
Nope mostly all the popin cookin kits taste like candy! The rice taste like bubblegum the jelly things taste like fruits and the noodles taste like orange :D
No way! It's not nasty at all its really delicious but super sweet so you could only take a couple bites of each item! It is so fun to make! My girls beg for them all the time! Watch the YouTube videos too!
There is no nuts in there but i dont know if they could of come in contact in production
No but the package comes with one you can fold out of it
I received it about a week and a half ago and it expired in mid 2015, so you should be good (:
Hi, this is Santa Trading (GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. It goes straight to United States. It usually take 3-6 weeks to be delivered by standard shipping, and the expedited shipping is available. We are very happy with hearing your voice and looking forward to serving you again in the future. Have a good day.
about 10-20 minutes depending on how quickly you can follow the instructions. the back part is visually very helpful, but the youbtube videos really help. when i did it the first time i took it about 20 minutes because i double checked everything, the second time it took about 10 minutes because i had a pretty good idea of how to do it.
about a month considering that it's also free shipping
Yes, it's a sweet candy that like a really soft gummy bear
Yes-- and so tasty :-)
There is nothing on the packaging that suggests these Pistachios are pasteurized. The word "pasteurized" does not appear anywhere on the label. They are roasted, shelled and sea salted though.
Yes they are peanut free. I just contacted them myself and the email indicated they only process almonds and pistachios, no peanut any either facility. The almonds and pistachios are are processed in separate facilities as well. We have peanut allergy too, my kids are eating right now!
Yes they are considered ok as part of the paleo diet. I like the coconut wraps and other paleo products but I did not like these squares. And I love coconut.
Appears to be only coconut flavor since they are coconut bars. They are sweet (not too) and my box expires in FEB 2015 which implies they last about a year. They are quite moist and all organic.
I have one right here, it says Total Carb 16g of which 3g are fiber.
I think so, they taste like it. These are really good. Not 100% though, I finished them already and I do not have the label. Sorry
the answer is 6 grams
I think they would be ok. They are delicious!!!
230 calories. No soy.
NO preservatives, additives, fillers or syrups. Only 5 pure, organic, whole food ingredients. Many food products in America are priced inexpensively because they are made of processed ingredients which are harmful to our bodies.
Soft. Yes. I think kids would like them and they are healthier than most bars. They are naturally very sweet.
California.
I would be extremely surprised if this rice was GMO. The varieties of rice grown in California were either brought here about a hundred years ago or developed here in the following decades using traditional horticultural methods. There likely would be no advantage to the growers to use GMO varieties since the non-GMO rice is already so productive.
Nishiki Premium Rice comes in both white and brown. The plain premium rice doesn't mention "Brown" but the other clearly states "Brown Premium Rice". I'm not sure why the Nishiki order you made came in white, when you clearly wanted Brown rice. I looked at the supplier I order my rice from and the rice is clearly marked. I believe Brown rice is more nutritious than white rice. If the white rice bothers you that much, I would return it for a bag of brown. Many vendors on Amazon make returns/exchanges simple/easy. Good luck... (The white rice is flavorful, maybe this one bag won't ruin your decision to try Nishiki white rice).
It is really better suited for sushi or rice balls.
This is definitely "sticky rice" but I haven't used it for sushi... I really enjoy the quality of this rice, it cooks proper each time, it has a good taste and is reasonably priced on Amazon. If you eat rice often as I do, I recommend giving this a try!
Its sought of new in the U.S. for those who never knew about it if u google it you will learn more about its history great rice overall
Yes it is grown in California, this is the only rice my wife (Japanese) uses for sushi and other Japanese dishes.
Almost sounds like a riddle. I use 2 cups for a family of four so I would say about 56
Drought in California affecting rice growers. Almost all the medium grain rice in the US is grown in California. Some growers there are going out of business. 3rd yr of the drought.
It is well sealed so if kept in a cool dry place it should last 6 months or longer. We go through ours in 3 months.
No. But it is short grain (not long) brown rice and has a delicious almost nutty flavor.
The product is Non-GMO. All Natural and Kosher Certified.
I found this article that says rice grown in California has less arsenic than rice grown in the the southern US States. Nishiki is grown in California. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1892142/
Well this is pure opinion because people have different tastes but yes I think it is better. It does take me an hour to cook on very low however. My experience with kids is that sometimes if you tell them it is another brand they will not like it before they even taste it.
I assume it is based on the serving which is usually cooked. Idk
The last bag I had lasted less than 2 weeks unopened before I noticed it was filled with bugs
You would have to weigh this out yourself, as no one opens the bag and measures out the total number of cups. What I can say is the ratio of water to rice, if you like really sticky rice, it is 1-1/2 water to 1 cup rice; if you do 1-2 it won't really get mushy, but if you just want normal rice then I would do 1-3/4 water to 1 cup rice If you have any rice at home then just measure out 15 pounds and that is how many cups you will get, as the size of this rice is pretty much normal to most rice kernels.
No. You want sushi rice http://www.amazon.com/Nishiki-Sushi-Rice-2-lb/dp/B0000CNU3R
IT IS RICE, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
It does not say it is on the bag but my husband is on gluten free diet and he hasn't had any problem. I guess you can contact them to ask.
Not that I know
I contacted the company and received no response. However, epichlorohydrin is made by using chlorine and the box states that they are chlorine-free. I would assume they do not have it, but do not have a definitive answer to your question.
3 1/4" by 5". I use them for either a single cup of tea or a small pot of tea.
Yes. I just received another order and there are 6 packages in the box.
That is a really great question. I cannot eat soybeans because of sensitivity to soy and these noodles give me no problem. I did not even know there was a "black soy bean" These noodles are great when topped with vegetables and help me get the protein I need because I do not like meat. I may write the company though because now I am curious.
Katherine, Ingredients are Organic Black Beans 92%, Water 8% Package states serving size as 2oz., package contains 4 servings - if you like the product, buy it by the six package box - less expensive. Using suggested serving size, package states 2gr fat - 1 saturated, no trans fat, 2mg sodium, carbs total 17gr - dietary fibers 12 gr, sugars 5 gr, protein 25 gr Our family has been eating this for about a year now, husband loves it. I do recommend this item to you! FYI, package states it is certified gluten-free, USDA organic, Kosher Parve and Vegan. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to reduce carbs, wants kosher or vegan. Hopes this helps!
A serving is 1.75 ounces and each serving has 180 calories and 17 grams of carbohydrates.
On the 7.5 oz (200g) bag, it states that there are 4 serving in each bag, a serving size being 50 g. I think it is 50 g of raw paste. That's my guess. It's a good question for the manufacture.&#128522;
Each package of spaghetti has 8 grams of fat, 4 grams are saturated. Each package holds 4 servings.
12g of dietary fibers
China :S
Same as Charlise I have eaten these bars on all phases. The key is how your system reacts to the sugar alcohols. Some people have trouble with them from both digestion and blood sugar and if you do then the actual carbs might be too high for you. Go ahead and try some and weigh yourself daily to see if they're having a bad effect
We really like the oatmeal cinnamon bars. We tried the blueberry flavor, but weren't quite as fond of them. The almond/blueberry flavor is a strange combination.
Dear Sandy D, Thank you for contacting with us. Sorry, we can't combine shipping. Let us know if you have any queries in this regards. Thank You, Chandu.A
Yes
No, it means that there are 5 bars in one box.
One box of 5
Looks like stopped making this which was the only flavor I really liked. Local store also stocked it at similar or lower price with of course no shipping, until maybe 3 months ago. Introduced all sorts of new similar products but none of them attract me. Looks like "other sellers" just using up remaining supply. Probably not enough of this liked this flavor!
Yes, nuts are naturally gluten free. However, some facilities process gluten containing grains (e.g. wheat, barley) on shared equipment -or- they can be contaminated during the harvesting & transport. Finding certified gluten free products is the only way to know that the end product contains less than 10 parts per million (ppm) of gluten (considered safe enough for Celiacs). It would be great to hear back from Braga Organic Farms about how these items are harvested/transported and packaged.
Vietnam
They are steam pasteurized but will germinate.
The almonds are grown in Kerman, California and they are shipped from Madera, California.
Yes, the packaging says they're steam pasteurized.
If your an expert on almonds, you'll notice the difference. Personally it was for a recipe and I'd rather have the prussic acid (cyanide) contained in raw almonds before I pay that price for them again!
Received the 2lb. package in January. Best by date is July, 2015. You can freeze nuts for up to a year. These will be consumed well before the best by date in my home. Best almonds I have ever eaten!
Absolutely nothing that I know of. My daughter has a peanut allergy and are careful where we purchase our tree nuts and she loves these.
I don't know. I don't have the bag anymore. However, the quality of their product is really great and worth the money compared to other dried fruit I have bought.
CCOF is an organic certifier who ensures that our product is organic under USDA regulations.
yes, it is
Yes, I too should have read the entire blurb. Organic cane sugar is added. It is sweet so you wont be able to enjoy the natural sourness of cranberries.
I bought their raisins. On the back of the package it says their farm is located in Madera, CA. Their website is www.buyorganicnuts.com maybe you can find out more info.
I have marinaded it a few ways, from a few hours to almost 24hours, either way is good. Always got good reviews
The bottle itself does not say that it needs refrigeration, although the smaller bottle says refrigerate. So I think it best to refrigerate.
Soy sauce, water, sugar, dried onion, sesame seeds, garlic, water, vegetable oil, and ginger.
Sorry but we don't sell by the case.
yes it is...100% coconut water, NOT from concentrate. The best tasting sweetest coconuts too (Thai)
Both - I usually buy a case so I can have some in the fridge (I like it cold after a workout or bike ride) and I have some sit in the case at room temp so I can enjoy it with a meal - more flavor when it isn't as cold.
Sure you can use coconut water or any broth or liquid when preparing rice.
I didn't know that was a problem. I know I got my last shipment late but I didn't know what the issue was. Oh no!
Yes it does to me too. In our local store they don't sell the can anymore.
100 calories in a 16 oz
Foodies General Store ships to APO, AE
the 9.5 ounce is packaged in glass which creates a much higher shipping weight as will as more packaging time and material. Often times pricing on Amazon products have product costs partially absorbed in shipping costs. Best to look at total price when comparing sellers
No, 100% natural - the best I've tried! And, I tasted many brands - been drinking only this brand for almost two years now!
It comes in a 16.2 oz. can (120 delicious calories), and either with or without pulp. Both are delicious.
There is no added sugar; however, there is more natural sugar than other brands. I believe it's from the sheer quantity of pulp in each can. Someone else said it may be the region the coconuts are from. In any case, no added sugar and the best tasting coconut water/pulp I've ever had.
I bought the can and there was absolutely no sound when I opened it and no effervescent taste. I usually pour mine in a cup and there's no fizzing or bubbles whatsoever. I highly doubt it's carbonated. Maybe the others were old/rancid?
That is a good question which I have not investigated nor compared the sugar content to other brands. I do know that the company states that they use coconuts from a certain area of the Philippines which are the sweetest: "Our coconuts are harvested from the prized Nakorn Pathom province, where they grow larger and taste sweeter than from any other region in the world." It is also a large can (16.2 oz)and contains quite a bit of coconut meat and has 2 gm of fiber. I certainly hope that they are not adding sugar on the sly! You might want to contact the company to discuss this. If you find out, please left us know. I am pre-diabetic and am trying to keep my sugar consumption down.
no added sugar that i know of...this is my favorite
It does not say so anywhere on the can, but anything that is canned is heated as part of the process.
According to the label, it's "all natural". But the term "organic" never pops up--anywhere. So I'd say that's a no. Tastes good, though. :)
It is a product of Canada.
Unfortunately it's impossible to really know how much because it varies. I ordered some V-caps and fill those with kelp powder and then take 2 a day for two weeks and then take two weeks off. Hopefully that's enough iodine but I really have no idea.
Nutrition facts according to 100 g serving 40 calories total fat 1g cholesterol 0g sodium 1mg total Caribs 10g protein 2g. Vit A 2% Calcium 17% Vit C 5% and Iron 10% Hope this helps.
I do not know the test results for heavy metals with regard to this product. It is supposed to be kelp from U.S. NW Pacific and not Japan.
Yes, there is a mild ocean/fishy smell to it. I use it in the skin, so I haven't tasted it.
The label does not say, but I'm pretty sure it is sourced from Maine Coast Sea Veg brand, which would make it laminaria digitata.
From Wikipedia: Criticism The pod and coffee capsule system draw some criticism due to the lock-in effect. This means that the low cost of acquisition for each coffee machines is illusory, since the costs of the capsules for it exceeds that of conventional coffee - sometimes several times - and can cost more than the machine itself in a short time span. The Nestl capsule systems are currently not compatible with each other, and each system requires different types of coffee capsules. Since the design is proprietary, these capsules are only available from the manufacturer.
Yes, this capsule has a strong flavor. The ristretto shots are primarily shots that only need 9-12 seconds to pull. These capsules provide the strongest taste and the true espresso flavor. Other capsules that I would recommend are the lungo shots They require more time to pull the shots but they also have the true espresso flavor.
The boxes have expiration dates on them, and they are good for about a year, but we've had some longer than that, and they taste just fine past their expiration date. We love our NESPRESSO. My boyfriend has two or three each day, and he is VERY particular about his espresso. We purchase the pods directly from the Nespresso website because it is more inexpensive compared to buying from Amazon.
I am sending 10 capsules at 11$. This is a excellent product...
I had to look it up through one of my food/calorie counter apps, this is what it gave me. I will confirm once my product arrives. The nutrients below are for 2 tbsp (12 g) Calories: 45 Calories from Fat: 14 Total Fat: 1.5 g Cholesterol: 0 mg Sodium: 94 mg Total Carbohydrates: 5 g Dietary Fiber: 2 g Sugars: 1 g Protein: 5 g Hope this helps.
All I do is put it in my blender with my banana, almond milk, ice, protein (optional) and the powdered peanutbutter... Less calories than actual peanutbutter but same great taste!
No, I just place the bag in a ziploc baggie once I open it.
Ingredients: Roasted peanuts, sugar, salt. Serving size: 2 Tablespoons (12 grams) Servings per container: 15 Calories: 45 Calories from fat: 13 Value and % Daily Value* Total fat 1.5 g 3% Saturated fat 0 g 0% Trans fat &lt; 0.01 g Cholesterol &lt; 0.01 mg 0% Sodium 94 mg 4% Total carbohydrate 5 g 2% Dietary fiber 2 g 8% Sugars 1 g Protein 5 g Vitamin A &lt; 1% Vitamin C 0% Calcium &lt;1% Iron 0% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
What is the shelf life of PB2? Unopened, your PB2 is good for 10 to 12 months. Once opened, please consume within 4-6 months and store in a cool, dry place. http://www.bellplantation.com/faqs
Sorry, I don't have an appropriate answer for that since I only mix what I'm going to use right away. However, since there are no preservatives in the product, I would probably refrigerate it if not used within a couple of hours.
It is a dry powder that you mix with water. I've not tried to bake with it, but if you mixed up the PB2 to the amount you would use, it would be just like peanut butter you would get from a jar.... but without all the fat as regular peanut butter.
The bags are vacuum sealed, so they are very dense. Once opened it is apparent that the PB2 is a powder. I suggest opening it first to see. I think if you open it and it is still as hard as a rock, you'd be able to send it back.
I bought 3 of the vacuum packed pouches . I will pour some into the plastic 6.5 oz jar I kept from my first purchase. I can fill it up twice from each pouch . I'm not sure where your measurements etc are coming from. Buying it this way was a better deal than the jar.. Does this help?
According to the package shelf life is one year. However, I have some a year past the expiration date and I'm still here!
It's four separate bags of cookies. That's assuming it's the choice that says pack of four 7.25 ounce bags. There are several choices - the first is for one bag, the second three bags and the third is a pack of four 7.25 ounce bags (total 29 ounces). that choice is currently 10.00 and It's the default choice when you click on the product page.
You get it within a "reasonable" time frame (usually with an expiration shelf life of 2-3 months). Once in a while the warehouse will send a short-dated one, but rarely. I'm satisfied with the service, and the product is quite fresh, and delicious. They are "handsome" looking cookies (lol), so I'm not thrilled if they send me a clunker, with some "breakage". All in all, I would highly recommend it.
Pepperidge Farm Chessmen Butter Cookies Nutrition Facts* Amount per Serving (serving size) = 3 cookies Calories 120 Fat Calories 45 Total Fat 5g Sat. Fat 3g Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 20mg Sodium 80mg Total Carb. 18g Dietary Fiber &lt; 1g Sugars 5g Protein 2g % Daily Values** Vitamin A 2% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 2% * The nutrition information contained in this list of Nutrition Facts is based on our current data. However, because the data may change from time to time, this information may not always be identical to the nutritional label information of products on shelf.
I believe there are 5-6 cookies in each cup. There are three of the cups, so you'd have between 15-18 cookies. Hope this helps.
Yes
Four bags of cookies. But ask customer service to pack well, ours arrived broken in pieces
If buying from Amazon Warehouse Deals, the exp. date is usually at least a month away, but often much more. I buy various grocery items from them quite often and I've never had a problem with the dates, even though they say you can get stuff that's expiring soon.
It is expensive. this is one of the few times that Amazon doesn't have the best price. Go to the Nespresso website. Most of the capsules are 65 cents. There is a minimum of 50, but you can choose different flavors. Even with the $6.95 shipping charge the cost per capsule is 79 cents....less than the $1.18 on Amazon.
The Nespresso cups are much smaller. I think only those will fit.
Regular, decaf would say it in the title.
The strongest coffee flavor from Nespresso is Kazaar at the moment with the intensity of 12 which is stronger in comparison to other flavors.
Nespresso 2014 Limited Edition Cubania. Intensity 13 makes it strongest ever produced by Nespresso
We haven't used it enough to develop scale on it yet. We always use our filtered water in it to begin with.
If only....! No! It means 10 overprised cpsules. Ordering though amazon is costly. It is far better to join the nespresso club..far far better!
I contacted the company yesterday and talked to the owner. It is not sprouted. Also, the package gives no nutritional information, does anyone know the calories/content of nutrients of this flour.
Any bread recipe will work - I use this flour just like any flour. Pancakes and muffins are light and fluffy (unlike some whole wheat flours, which are heavy and/or crunchy). Great stuff, and good for you!
I see two conflicting answers to this question. In my research, one nutritionist, and a food scientist who is my sister, both say it is sprouted. It is my understanding that people with wheat issues can use this flour be cause it is sprouted.
Yes, but you have to magnify the photo of the front of the bag to see it. It's in the circle in the lower half of the front of the bag.
I don't recall. I took it out of the bag to store in an airtight container.
States on the package label that all ingredients are organic and non-gmo. It says nothing about sprouted.
I am not sure, but is till have some. I keep in my refrigerator. Sorry I can not be of more help.. I have made bread, pancakes and waffles with it. They all were not bad but I do think with a little practice they can taste even better.
Bag says "28 grains stone ground flour". Doesn't say sprouted anywhere on the sack.
The flour looks like it is already to use. The sprouting is probably the process it goes thru before it is ground.
No, to me it does not look as though it is made by the Food for Life company that makes the Ezekiel & Genesis bread products, etc. It looks as though it is made my Grain Brain as the label around the logo says.
It states on the bag that it is 100% coconut palm sugar. It says it is made from the sap and nectar of coconut palm trees. No other ingredients are listed at all.
This site should help: http://www.fatsecret.com/calories-nutrition/sweet-tree/coconut-palm-sugar. Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 tsp (4g) Amount Per Serving Calories from Fat 0 Calories 15 % Daily Values* Total Fat 0g 0% Saturated Fat 0g 0% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 9mg 0% Total Carbohydrate 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 0g 0% Sugars 3g Protein 0g Vitamin A - Vitamin C - Calcium - Iron - * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
I have no idea, I threw out the whole bag after one taste.
As far as I know there is not gluten in palm sugar.
Coconut palm sugar to be exact. This is made from the sap and and nectar of coconut palm trees. It has a fairly strong taste. Strong caramel or molasses flavor. Might take some getting used to. But it has a lower glycemic value (35) than that of sugar. More slowly absorbed than sugar.
4(g) per teaspoon
I would assume a high powered blender or processor would do it. I use it for powered sugar without alterations. The sweetness of this product is just right for me. No white sugar ever again. Good Luck.
yes
This product comes in a one, 4 pound bag.
Yes it is
It's very similar to sugar, 1 tsp comes at about 15 calories and 4 gr. of carb. What makes it the next best thing is it's low GI level, making it appropriate for diabetics and sugar sensitive people.
It is a real sugar from fruit. It famous in Thai country. I love it because it easy to use. Normally it come with big bar. Hard to melt if you bought from Thai.
I remember I get one big bag.
4 grams of Carbs, and 16 Calories, per teaspoon. I didn't care for it at all, except in green smoothies, where the taste was masked. It reminded me of what coconut husk, mixed with brown sugar would taste like (Maybe that's what it is). It ruined the taste of my tea.
As far as I know sugars are gluten free. Googling the question, yes it is.
I have tried Stevia, but it tastes a little too sweet for me. I prefer the Organic Coconut Palm Sugar, because there is no after taste and no sugar spikes. It is low glycemic and absorbs slowly. I made cookies with this and the sweetness is just right.
"Venus Fly Traps will eat any kind of insect, but only insects. Do not try to feed them human food like chicken, beef, pork, doritos, avocado or anything else. Insects are the only thing on the menu for Venus fly traps." See FlyTrapCare.com for more info.
Venus Fly Traps are very hardy perennial plants. This means that they grow and bloom over the spring and summer and then die back to a small rosette every winter, growing back in the spring from their energy reserves saved up in the rhizome or root-stock. They can withstand frost and light freezes. However, freezes that last an extended period of time can kill Venus Fly Trap. It is very important to use nutrient POOR soil to grow Venus Flytraps. Regular potting soil will burn the roots and kill the plant very quickly. Fertilizing Venus Fly Traps is also not recommended. The fertilizer will burn the roots and likely kill the plant. Some experts use extremely diluted fertilizer and apply it only to the leaves of the plant, but this is risky for a beginner and not recommended.
I wouldn't recommend these. We purchased 2 kits and neither sprouted:-(
April 7, 2016
You can find the expiration date on the bottom of the can. My case was MFD Mar/ 03/ 2014 and the expiration date is Sept /02/2015.
May 07, 2015
7-12-2015
March 2013
3/2015
August 11, 2014
The answer to your question is in the comments 690mg or 650mg depending on the post.
Experience says, "at least a year in the refrigerator". I did repackage it, though. We use it for miso soup and it only takes a little at a time. I have read that it will last a "long time" if kept in the fridge. I have some red miso that we seldom use and it is ok after about three years.
Answer here...It's a yellow type.
Don't know
It is extremely pasteurized. I don't think I've ever tasted anything like it.
Sounds yummy and healthy. I would mix up a small portion, couple of Tbsp, with sweetener (powdered sugar?) and see how it goes in a test batch. Have you ever tasted Halevah? It's a candy made with sesame and honey into a bar, sometimes with cocoa powder added - very yummy. Very high oil content to Tahini, runny at room temp and refrigerated. Might want to try some cream cheese mixed in to thicken it and help hold in place. Not sure what the 1/4 cup amount signifies, but I would think you might want to make a butter cream recipe and use Tahini in place of butter for the amount, or even use 1/2 butter, 1/2 Tahini. Depends on how you like the flavor and if this is a flat frosting or is expected to stay on the sides of a cake.
jar says 'roasted, stone ground" and is good source of Calcium, Iron, GF, DF, no Cholesteraol, nor GMOs...good added to salad dressing, also!
Well, the list of ingredients has only 100% hulled sesame seeds, but it's thinner than peanut butter.
Tahini is basically like a nut butter made from ground sesame seeds. [But I wouldn't just spread it on toast.] It's used in hummus, the sauce for falafals, various marinades, sauces and dressings. Do a search for 'cooking with tahini' and you'll see! It has oil which separates in the jar so you must stir it before use.
Hello, the Kevala Organic Tahini is made in US, as well as the Kevala organic BLACK Tahini, Kevala almond butter, Kevala Cashew butter. Enjoy!
Yes, it's very good!
The freshness date: Dec 2015 , it says refrigerate after opening, and no, we do not ship out of the United States at this time.
The ingredient list is "100% Hulled Organic Sesame Seeds." The label states dedicated facility, but is otherwise silent on peanut and tree nut.
The information on the jar says 100% Hulled Organic Sesame Seeds; no information on the method of hulling the seeds is given. You can contact Kevala at www.kevala.net or their email is info@kevala.net. I hope this helps.
I refrigerated it, I always refrigerate tahini. It kept well, but I use a lot of it.
Greetings! The Product Shipped To Me Was Expeller Pressed.
I believe it is unrefined. It is expeller pressed, with no chemicals (namely hexane) added. I'm not sure of the definitions, but I believe "refined" oils have been chemically extracted. This Loriva oil has not been chemically extracted.
Bottle
I'm not sure I understand your question. I keep it in the fridge for freshness and it does not solidify. Please be more specific if you want a more specific answer. What do you mean, "good for"?
I keep it until it's used up. I've never thrown any away. It has never gone rancid for me. s
It's honey from New Zealand, and it's supposed to have special healing properties.
My jar says "Packed with care in New Zealand by Arataki for Pacific Resources International, CA
Honey is packed in New Zealand.
Kombucha is a colony of yeasts and bacteria. The fungus (yeast) converts the sugar into alcohol that the bacteria turns into vinegar. No animals were harmed in writing this reply.
Hi Jessica, This should be a perfect time to order a starter kit as the weather is cool and Scobies go dormant when they are cold, so it is better shipping weather for them. Just make sure you have all your jars & tea & everything, (as my scoby came in a plastic zip-lock...) Keep the scoby and starter tea refrigerated until you give it away, as at room temperature it will keep fermenting. Your kit will probably come with good instructions but it will help if you read up on it first, especially if the gift recipient is new to Kombucha (which I didn't so I brewed my first batch rather blindly...:-)) My favorite web sight with really clear instructions is royalkombucha.com., I learned a lot there. Hope this helps - what a great gift idea - I LOVE my Kombucha!
I doubt it. The ideal temp to brew kombucha is in the 80's. I know cold temps can harm it but I'm not sure about high ones though.
The one I received was about 4" but that had no bearing on the scoby it produced. From my experience, they will be whatever diameter your container is. The wider the diameter, the thinner your new "baby" will be (unless you prefer to let it ferment for much longer periods of time. The mother can be smaller and still do her job.
No, it actually needs to be kept out of direct sunlight. I brew mine in a closet and have been successful every time.
I can ship out today 2 nd day mail if you select it at checkout. -Mr. Kefir
yes there is a built in discount for multipal orders from the same vender... the shipping and handling on two is $6.90... thanks
The kombucha starter is a live culture that will make many batches. After each batch it will spawn a new culture, called a mushroom. You can use each new mushroom as a starter for a new batch.
They always have been for me.
Yes, I didn't use mine for almost a month and it worked extremely well
If your grains were as tiny as mine initially; you won't see much change. Luckily, they reproduce quite rapidly. Fortunately for me, I had experience with kefir grains in the past. I knew what I was looking feeling for. I think it the first week, I cup is too much. Drop to half a cup. You will be glad to have less material to soft through. The first week is going to be irritating. Sorting the kefir babies out of the milk is time consuming. Kefir hates metals or stainless steel. Do not let them come in contact with that type of material. Always use plastic or glass. I suggest you use a dark spoon the first few days. Pour tiny bits into spoon. Feel with fingertips for tiny rubbery balls in the material. Those little bits are what you transfer to fresh milk. A plastic strainer will work in a couple of days after babies have grown larger than the holes. As their size increases they will be easier to sort. Eventually, you will have globs of them that you pull out with your fingers. They will be covered in gooey yeast strands. As they grow you can add more and more milk until you get to a daily quantity you like. Very soon you will have more kefir babies than you want. Share the excess with friends, dehydrate, or throw away. If you go on vacation or your needs are less for a few days, refrigerate. Enjoy. It's a breeze after the first week.
Yes, they do. That's how they're cultured/grow. If you have an issue with cow milk, you should still have no issues using them. I have a casein allergy. When I received my kefir grains, I washed them really good with filtered water, then put them into my own batch of coconut and almond milk. I never have had any digestive issues. (kefir grains come from sheep, so most people have no issues using them)
Hello, they came in the mail in a bubble envelope. The grains are in a tiny plastic "jar" with a twist-on top, they are approx. 1" wide and 1" high. The little jars are leak proof. Hope this helps. Have a fabulous week end! Erika the Hungarian :o)
Yes. I do it all the time. Two things to keep in mind: 1. It takes a lot longer for the coconut milk to ferment than regular milk -- about 30 hours for me. 2. The grains need to be "revitalised about every third fermenting. I usually make two 1-pint batches of coconut kefir, then a batch of goat milk kefir. If I store the grains in the fridge, I store them in goat milk.
The grains grow slowly when first starting out. If the milk is thickening and turning into kefir, that is a good sign. The rate of growth can depend on many things: the type of milk, the temperature, the length of time left out. I found that separating the grains into different containers to increase surface area causes them to grow faster.
Mine look the same way. If they are working, they are fine. They've doubled in size over a month and work quickly now.
I would ask the farm/company you got it from. If it is the same with the one I got it from you still have a few days. I just travelled with some grains from home to italy. (washed well and placed in a ziplock bag and threw it in my luggage). I am already drinking kefir, about 2 cups daily. Your kefir will travel quite well but since the quantity is super small expect about 3 weeks to grow it! Be patient and you will grow it so fast after the initial 3 that you will look for people/friends to give it to. Are you familiar with "DOM'S KEFIR"? Google and you will get an Australian site. Informative and fun to read. Once you need to thin your kefir have those people/friends read it, too
They're not dried but you do need to follow the directions that come with the grains. I received a small amount, maybe a teaspoon, and "revived" them in about a cup of 2% milk for about 12 hours which I changed everyday with fresh milk. After about 5 or 6 changes, I started to make my kefir for real and I've had excellent results. Good flavor, effervescent and my grains have been growing like crazy. When I have too much kefir, I put the grains in a small jar with milk in the fridge and they do just fine until I'm ready to use them again. Only a few days. They'll continue to ferment the milk in the fridge only much slower than out on the counter.
I order it and i got one tsp. It was enough, because it worked well. After a week we could use it with a liter of milk.
I use 2% ,sometimes i use low fat milk, and my kefir are groing very well, i
I wouldn't buy. The pieces were small broken and poorly packaged. I ended going to my local place, much better
We do sell snow crab claws in a 3lb bag. A very good item that you can buy on Amazon or our site. I hope to hear from you. Dan Wholey
I'm not sure how many. I do know it was 2 good size bags. I had to put them in my big freezer. The refrigator / freezer wasn't big enough. For price I bought it for was worth it. I did my research and found this wasn't bad it included shipping when I bought it and I paid 115.00. I even went to the fish place I go to and that is in alaska.where the alaskan snow crab. They were priced high so I tried the Canadian snow crab. I would buy it again. If you have anymore questions please ask.
They are smaller than Alaskan king crab but bigger than dungress crab. I really enjoy them and would buy again and were really sweet. Hope this answer your question .
Yes it does!..have not tried it yet..
It is greenish in color. Pleased with the taste.
Neither are on the bottle!
The product we received was glass
I have bought a few bottles of this great olive oil. Have had one that did the spin.
Every thing I've ever read says do not use beyond the date. Even on gerbers website.
Sure parents who use formulas love gifts of formula
I am not sure about those formulas. I don't use this one anymore unfortunately. I use an organic formula
I thought that Good Start Gentle and Protect were different. We used Protect and I believe it had extra enzymes and nutrients to boost immunity kind of.
I switched from soothe to gentle because the first ingredient in gentle is 100% whey protein. Soothe starts with CORN MALTODEXTRIN. I feel the first ingredient listed is most important.
My baby didn't like it.
i think that each can has it's own expiration based on the date of production. I don't know how long each can is good for after it is produced, but it should be printed on the bottom of the can.
We have compared the two formulas. Regular Gentle formula has Galacto-Oligosaccharides, a probiotic fiber sourced from milk, and supplementing formula does not. On the other hand, supplementing formula has B. Lactis Cultures and regular one does not. Other ingredients are the same. Both formulas have comfort proteins.
It is an easy scoop product, but it may also reduce the risk of developing allergies. If you're asking to see if it's the same product, then yes it is, just labeled differently. Hope this helps!
The pack that i bought a month ago expires dec 2014
I started with the concentrate and switched to the powder. My baby didn't even notice. I get almost a week of feedings with one container. Not sure of total ounces.
June 2015
The expiry dates are way too far away and they are all sealed and I have not encountered any issues.
It does with 5 item subscription.
It makes 168 fl. oz.
It is basmati, it is very good.
What I've done is filled 5 large ZipLoc's with about 5lbs each to maintain freshness, and gave a couple of the bags to my sister to help speed up consumption. We didn't notice any degradation in quality after a few months. (And you can easily re-use those ZipLoc's for the same thing or anything else since rice doesn't really make them dirty.)
Great question! And I'm not sure, but http://www.livestrong.com/article/290772-what-is-the-glycemic-index-of-basmati-rice/ says that basmati rice has a glycemic index of 52, making it low-glycemic. (Surely they mean brown basmati?) But http://www.buzzle.com/articles/basmati-rice-glycemic-index.html said brown basmati's GI is 45. http://nutritiondata.self.com/topics/glycemic-index has a chart of GI and GL for common foods. For regular brown rice it says GI 55 and GL 23 sooo I'd guess brown basmati's GL is a little lower than that. You can contact the producer directly at http://www.lundberg.com/info/contact/ Maybe they can tell you the exact numbers. I do know it's the only rice we eat:) Over two years ago mychildren and I made a commitment to healthy living and stopped all sugar, wheat, nightshades and junkfood. We feel sooooo much better now:):)
I ordered a 25 pound bag of Lundberg eco-farmed brown basmati rice on November 25, 2013. The only information on the bag that seems date-related is a string of characters on the bottom seam: 131016 B. This may or may not refer to October 16, 2013.
The product offered by Quality Green Products never goes to an Amazon warehouse. It is shipped from our facility in Washington state directly to you. Bill Miles Customer Service
I see no packed-on-date. I do see a code on the end of bag 13119B . I do not know if shipped from company directly. http://lundberg.com/products/rice/bulk_rice/Organic_California_White_Basmati_Rice_-_25lbs.aspx
sorry i could not tell you about the expiration date because I didnt notice any expiration on the package. may be you could go to their website or ask the company about the expiration. I guess rice could last a long time, may be one year or more? if you keep it in a cool dry place. If you dont eat rice every day or frequently, 25 pound is really a big packet for you. should consider buying a small amount.
I bought the big quantity so in the box I'm not sure. However, the pectin is in a much bigger quantity than the calcium (since you only need a small amount to mix up) and I'd imagine it would be similar with the box. You can check with Pomona's web site and see if they have the answer. I will say that it is the best pectin and I've had great success with making jelly with it. Not needing so much sugar makes the fruit taste really strong. Yum!!!
You can use it on canned or freezer.
It does not say organic, but it does say vegan and kosher and gluten free. Also for questions it says info@pomonapectin. Com
monocalcium phosphate
Hi. I went to the Pomona Pectin website. They state, "Pomona's Universal Pectin contains only 100% pure citrus pectin, which is vegan, gluten free, and GMO free. There are no additives, preservatives, sugar, or dextrose. There are no corn or apple by-products". Hope that helps.
For one box you need 16cup of mashed berries and only 4 cups of sugar , you get 18, 8oz jars of jam it's really good Linda
I don't know why amazon has put this up. It really has nothing to do with the product. 1 box does make more than 1 batch of jam or jelly and maybe they are showing the cost per ounce because of that. Even though I can't figure out how they came up with those figures.
The info on the box is Workstead Industries in Greenfield, MA, www.pomonapectin.com. Hope this helps.
The calcium is in a separate bag in the box.
The ingredients are: "Brown rice syrup solids, unsweetened chocolate, cocoa butter, soy lecithin, vanilla. Contains: soy. Due to shared equipment, product contains traces of milk." So, no not completely dairy-free due to equipment. But, I think they are gluten-free (but I'm not 100% positive). You'd have to contact SunSpire to find out for sure. http://www.sunspire.com/contact
No. Ingredients are: malted barley and corn, unsweetened chocolate, cocoa butter, soy lecithin, vanilla
The packaging does not specify that it is. You may want to call 1-866-613-2780 to ask the manufacturer.
The Cocao percentage is not on the label. However, I estimate 60-65% based on my experience. They are definitely less than 70% and stronger than 50%.
Serving size is 1 1/2 Tablespoons (15G) and there are 19 servings per container (10 oz. bag). 80 calories (45 from fat) Total Carbs 8g Fiber &lt;1g, Sugars 7g.
I got 12 bags for $96.00
Yes, the price is for the total of 4 cans, and I do not know the expiration date; yummy!
We are always striving to bring you the best competitive market prices. However, the competitive market isn't the local grocery or large box store. As a premiere company in the home delivery grocery market, our pricing reflects the cost associated with the ease and convenience of having these products delivered directly your door, such as handling, packing, and shipping to the Amazon Fulfillment Centers. This, however, gives the consumer a far greater selection of products than would be readily available at a local grocer and the unprecedented convenience factor of never having to leave home to purchase your favorite or hard to find items.
i have not seen that on any that i bought, so far. i only get the vanilla bean and vanilla flavors only and the decaf and low sugar maxwell house international coffees, i have not seen that ingredient in those cafes.
Calories 70 Calories from Fat 18 Total Fat 2.0g 3% Saturated Fat 2.0g 10% Sodium 110mg 5% Carbohydrates 12.0g 4% Sugars 10.0g Protein 0.0g See Less Energy 70 kcal Protein ~ g Total lipid (fat) 2 g Carbohydrate, by difference 12 g Sugars, total 10 g Sodium, Na 110 mg Fatty acids, total saturated 2 g Fatty acids, total trans ~ g 16.0 70 18 2.0 3 2.0 10 0.0 0.0 0 0 110 5 0 0 12.0 4 0.0 0 10.0 0.0 0 0 0 0 70 kcal ~ g 2 g 12 g 10 g 110 mg 2 g ~ g *Based on a 2000 calorie diet International Cafe Beverage Mix Calories and Health Benefits Fat Pro Carb Alc Get Nutritional Facts and the Health Benefits for International Cafe Beverage Mix Ads 1200 Calorie Menu Sample The Ultimate Healthy Living Toolbar Get Daily Fitness Tips & More. Free www.dailyfitnesscenter.com axwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Cafe Francais (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, French Vanilla Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Orange Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Suisse Mocha Cafe, Sugar Free, Decaffeinated (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Sugar Free, Decaffeinated, Suisse Mocha Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Suisse Mocha Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Hazelnut Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Sugar Free, Decaffeinated, French Vanilla Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Vanilla Nut Cafe (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Toasted Hazelnut Cappuccino (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, French Vanilla Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Suisse Mocha Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe Style, Hazelnut Iced Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Chai Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, French Vanilla, Sugar Free (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Irish Creme Cappuccino (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Mocha Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Original Cappuccino (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Vanilla Caramel Latte (Maxwell House) International Cafe Beverage Mix - Cafe-Style, Cappuccino, Cinnamon DulceGet Calorie Count International Cafe Beverage Mix, Cafe-Style, Cafe Vienna | Nutrition and Health Facts http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-maxwell-house-international-cafe-beverage-i230039#ixzz2wQoH8XEf
Amazon asked me to help you. I bought this oil for the first time because Google show me is the same I used in Brazil to cook lots of Brazilian food. It is like Dende oil and the Dende is made with red palm fruit so I think it is. Smell and taste like my Brazilian Dende oil. I'm not sure If I helped
Is this trademark RSPO ?????????
None that I've ever purchased has had dark brown spots. I might be a little suspect of that.
No, mine came fine and new (sealed). You should send it back for exchange or refund. don't wait! I like this oil, the taste is not as strong as say extra virgin coconut oil.
I have no idea. But, if it's an ant sting, you can use ammonia. The commercial bug bite remedies smell exactly and it works great!
I would suggest searching on line "is red palm oil good for your hair". Lots of benefits, but it sure would make your hair a different color.
I have not used it long, so I can't say.
no
The oil is high in antioxidants and stores well in a cool dry place, about a year. Look at the expiration date, if you will get close to it or over by the time it will be spent, refrigerate now. Rule of thumb is you double remaining expiration time every 10 degC cooler than room for factory sealed foods. I recently had rotated a can of emergency refrigerated tuna exp. 2007 (rule of thumb extended it over 7yrs) and was delicious. If the oil will not be used for an extended period and you do have refrigeration room, why not extend the expiration and freshness by keeping it cooler?
Unfortunately it's not rspo certified, it's not even certified organic. It IS unrefined though, but that's just about it.
Nutiva coconut manna was a whole food consisting of the oil and the coconut flesh that is blended up to a fine consistency. Coconut oil is a solid below 75 degrees or so and manna is too. Nutiva brand needed to be stirred up once I received it and the flesh had a somewhat gritty texture. Artisana coconut butter was also solid but retained its combined texture very well and had less of a gritty texture at room temperature. They will both melt down on any foods you wish to put them on. I haven't tried Let's Do brand yet but out of those two I've had Artisana was a winner. Nutiva was too gritty for me. If you want a creamed coconut their coconut butter is probably your wish.
The Coconut Manna has a smoother, light taste.
The main difference between virgin coconut oil and regular, organic coconut oil is the amount of refining the oil undergoes. Refined coconut oil means the oil has undergone a process of drying the coconut. This type of coconut oil may sometimes be called deodorized or bleached according to Live the Organic Life. This is usually done outside in the Sun. Generally, refined coconut oil is thought of as being of a lesser quality. Unrefined Unrefined coconut oil may also be called virgin coconut oil. The type of method used to extract the oil from the coconut is done in the most natural way. This way, the coconut oil stays in its natural form without the use of any artificial filtering which is sometimes used in the process of refined coconut oil. No chemicals are used in the process of extracting coconut oil using this method. Read more: http://www.ehow.com/info_8283628_differences-virgin-organic-coconut-oil.html#ixzz2rbNCh7UA
I only purchase the 54oz size and regardless of the vendor it's #1 plastic. I've never seen this oil in glass and it's even rare to find any item in glass except preserves. Like they said... "Better living thru chemistry". Best to keep the oils in a basement or some room that is dark and cool. It will keep for a very long time.
This is what the label says coconut manna is a delicious whol food mad of pure dried coconut flesh I contains 12% fiber and 9% protien..I hope that helps...Dar
It stayed mixed but if I were to use it in a smoothie/protein drink I would heat it for 5 seconds just to make it easier to mix ( I just use a spoon to mix,not a blender) Either way it just tastes GOOD!
I don't think they are.
Honestly, I don't have any idea. Since they were all melted (and this was for a Xmas present) then I wouldn't have been able to count them anyway. I would not recommend them - they are not packaged appropriately and I didn't find them very flavorful.
I'd say they're a little on the dark side. Not a lot, but they are dusted with cocoa powder, or at least the ones I had were. Even without the powder on them I'd say they lean towards the dark side, but not by much. I know people who like both milk and dark chocolate and have tried them. I have yet to meet anyone that likes chocolate that dislikes them.
The pictures are not accurate. However, those are some high quality luxury chocolates.
Yes, they are delicious dark chocolate dipped in dark cocoa powder. Quite a treat, we use them sparingly and savor each one.
Yes, dark chocolate creaminess with a light coating of powdered chocolate surrounding it... melts in your mouth!
the last one I got was a gift, so I don't know. The ones I got myself at Christmas were wonderful. My granddaughter loved them..
I'm really not sure, since I sent them as a gift. But my parents commented on how many were included. They were extremely pleased with the amount.
Probably about 2-3 cups.
Approximate size: 4" across the top x 3" across the bottom x 8" tall.
It is about 8 inches tall. It holds a very generous serving of popcorn, enough for a hungry adult. There is a shorter version of this box, which looks to have about half the capacity of this model. That one would be appropriate if you are mainly serving kids.
6.5 inches tall by 4.5 inches. Perfect size for families and parties.
They can stand on their own and are quite sturdy! Highly recommend
Yes. They are shipped flat. You will need to flatten out the bottom to make it box-shaped, stand up, and hold your pop corn.
cardboard, not reusable.
Hello!!! We have these and it seems like you can fit 2-21/2 cups of popped corn. Great quality and assemble super easy! Hope this was helpful!
61/4 in. Tall. 4in. Across the top. 2 5/8 in. across the bottom
Hello Thank you for your email, All of our orders are shipped with Royal Mail Airmail Standard which is a non-tracked service and delivered in 7-14 working days from shipment. Many thanks Gemma
It's because of Christmas you get your order in the first or second week of January.
I thought they were fresh. I didn't really notice anything bad about them. I ate them all. lol
England. I think the shipping Messed with too many temperature changes.
I'd say, each cake is slightly larger than an Oreo. Hope that helps! :)
Just about.
Hello Thank you for your question, unfortunately are orders are sent on a non-tracked service. They are sent with Royal Mail airmail which takes 7-14 working days. Many thanks Gemma
Usually about a year from the time that I receive them... they are very well packaged and never 'hard' like a biscuit; always spongy like a cake should be!
We have never had a complaint about them being in bade shape after receiving them within that time frame. They should be fine.
Dear Anissa, No no yet but very soon. We are still in process of setup. Please keep us on your list. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
This one tastes very green, no added flavors. I would describe it as earthy and I mix with plain water first thing in the morning and I enjoy the earthiness of it and there is no aftertaste. It would mix well with other things probably if you prefer since it has no flavor added.
Got this "All Amazing Grass products are made in the USA and are non-dairy, non-GMO, vegan, gluten-free and do not contain soy lecithin fillers. Since day one the company has been dedicated to producing the best GREEN SuperFood products available made from the highest quality ingredients." Amazing Grass products are highest quality..ck their website for lots of info
this from Amazing grass webpage ' Bottom line, if you have the ability to store open containers in your refrigerator or freezer, that is preferred storage method, but our products should be fine to consume as long as they are stored in a cool dry place.' I have mine in fridge
The raw reserve has more "stuff" in it. If you compare ingredients you will see the difference. Also, the raw reserve contains probiotics that I believe the green super food blends do not have. If you go to their website (amazing grass dot com) you can compare ingredients easier. Personally, I like it all! I alternate between the ORAC Green Super Food blend and the Raw Reserve Berry (which tastes awesome in my smoothies). Either way, it's all great stuff!
Looks like the same product I have now they just changed the label.
It is! I am actually gluten intolerant. It is clearly labeled "Gluten-free" on the bottle as well.
Sorry. I do not.
You don't have to seal them...just place them in your Senseo coffeemaker, add the coffee (about 1 scoop), and fold the top over the coffee. Then close the top of the coffeemaker down on it and start brewing. It's easy and awesome...and a lot cheaper than the pods. Hope this answers your question.
I use them with a Hamilton Beach single-cup brewer (Model #49970). They work great.
I have been making my own pods with different coffees and still get the foam. I use the hinged pods and they really work out well!
No. I do not use these with the Keurig coffee maker. I bought these for my Senseo coffee maker and it's great for it. These pods are somewhat flat, like a tea bag. Not a K-cup.
I really don't know, I am using a Hamilton Beach, if you ask the seller they may be more helpful. I have receved very good answers by doing this. If there is a place that holds coffee pods it should work, I use to use seneo until they became impossible to find
I put a heaping tablespoon in - depending on the type and strength of the coffee. That seems to work best for me. you just need to make sure that you brush any grounds off the sides of the pod before you try to seal it or it will not seal properly. Hope that helps.
Don't know, I did finally figure out how to fill them for my One:One single serve coffeemaker and it works pretty well. I just fill them as full as possible and then fold down the flap & close the lid . Sometimes if I don't get them full enough & a few of the coffee grounds gets out of the pod but hasn't caused a problem. Other than having a few coffee grounds in my cup.
In the description they tell you they work on coffee pods. But I am not sure. Coffee pods (not cups) work in a Hamilton Beach, but just will drip, no foam. If you want foam using pods (or fill your own) another machine to look at is Suncana. It works very well. I prefer foam (without the use of going through another bothersome cycle of foaming milk up). I see no reason to use an expensive Keurig like cup for a very bland drip coffee.
No, this is not a "cup" coffee pod filter.
Verismo uses coffee CUPS (somewhat like Keurig), these coffee POD replacements filters are indeed for PODS (less deep).
We've never tried Paradise Tropical, but this one *is* tasty. We mix it 50/50 with Lipton and it has the perfect hint of Passion Fruit.
There is a count of 50 tea bags
Yes, recommended drinking it during the day
You get a pump with every bottle. Here is a hint. If you try to put the pump in a brand new (completely full) bottle the syrup splooges out of the bottle. Use a little from the bottle before putting in the new pump and save yourself some clean-up.
there is no expiration date anywhere on the bottle & from its contents it prolly wont ever expire but I been using this for a few months now & its still great!
Yes to all. It is sweeted slightly but I use it with a refrigerated creamer. It's perfect
yes..it does It does have the familiar sugar free taste to it..just like sugar free CoffeeMate and such. I was hoping it didn't so was disappointed in it personally
It did come with a pump
Yes
Yes, the syrup does have a pump. Good value.
I got classic and yes pump came with it expires aug 2014
Fiori is right yogurt is made with bacterial cultures, but some commercial yogurts have pectin in them as a thickener because the yogurt isn't given enough time to thicken naturally.
Inside the bottle label has the measurements for low sugar recipes based on which fruit you are using to make jam. There is a chart for no sugar recipes and a separate chart for low sugar recipes. The label peels back and remains attached to the bottle so you can't lose it. It then sticks back again via adhesive.
Dextrose, fruit pectin, citric Acid (Assists gel), Calcium Ascorbate (assists color) that information is taken directly off the product. I have used this product for quite some time and it always makes my jams & jellies turn out great. Hope this helps.
Classic pectin has to be cooked - it's best when making jams and jellies that will be sealed in jars. Instant pectin is great for small batches or for jams and jellies that will be made and stored in the fridge or freezer, and eaten within the recommended time. Since I like using stevia or just the fruit's sweetness, I like using instant pectin. I also use instant pectin to make my own salad dressings that are sugar-free. I hope this helps!
I don't have a recipe for you but if you follow the instructions on the jar, you shouldn't have any problems. I made mango jam without any sugar at all. However, I did add enough Splenda, prior to cooking, to sweeten the jam to my taste. Just remember, that the whole jar makes 22 pints. So, determine how many pints your mixture will make and use the appropriate percentage of the jar of pectin, i.e. 11 pints will take half of the jar, 5 pints about one quarter of the jar. This approach worked very well for my jam. You must not over cook the mixture. This will cause the pectin to be less effective in jelling. If your jelly does not set up hard enough, you may have over cooked the mixture or you need to increase the amount of pectin that you are using. Experiment!! Good luck!
Yes. It works with sugar, just follow the directions.
Yes. I use Ideal (buy on Amazon) as I like the natural sugar substitute. Ideal uses Xylitol which is found in fruits and vegetables, but Splenda would be fine.
Ingredients are as listed on pkg: dextrose,fruit pectin,citric acid,calcium ascorbate.
Only one bottle. Each bottle will make 22 half pints of jam.
This is a bargain. First, most stores in my area don't carry bulk pectin. The few "specialty" gourmet stores that do, charge double or more per jar than on Amazon. My groceries only sell pectin by the box and they cost about $3-$4 per box. One box makes about 6 pints. One jar like this makes 22 pints and also gives me the flexibility to make as low as one or two pints or all 22 if I choose, depending on what I'm canning. I buy this because it saves me a bundle and reduces waste at the same time. $4 for 6 pints or $7 for 22 pints. Just do the math. I love it.
Yes
E mailing you ingredient right from the label as follows: dextrose, fruit pectin, citric acid (assists Gel) hope this helps
Dextrose, fruit pectin (apple, according to Jarden), and citric acid.
This depends on how you normally prepare you freezer jam. If you do it the traditional way, by preparing your jam on the stove and then simply freezing instead of canning, this can be used for freezer jam. If you're used to using some of the newer "no cook" gelling agents marketed just for freezer and refrigerator jam, this pectin won't work without changing your process. Traditional pectin requires cooking to develop its gelling capabilities.
I hate to admit this, but I haven't used my jelly making machine or pectin since I bought them. Unexpectedly had surgery and have not been able to be up and around. My mother-in-law has used pectin for ages, and swears by it. That's the closest I can come to acknowledging it's existence and use. Good Luck! b
The container does not specify jelly recipes which now that I see that is strange. But, it gives a website for jelly recipes FreshPreserving.com I hope this is helpful. When I used this product for jelly I have a jelly maker that I purchased and it came with a book for the machine. Which I really love. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
I tried using Clear Jel instead of classic pectin when canning blackberry jalapeno jam and it worked for that recipe. Not sure how it would work for any other recipes, though. Ball has recipes for Clear Jel.
I would think that you would use four tablespoons because that is what is called for in the automatic jam and jelly maker. That is with three cups of juice and two cups of sugar. Hope this helps.
I don't know exactly what the expiration date will be but I have used mine for 2 years. It will last for at least 2 canning seasons.
17 total carb, 11 fiber. The photo of the nutrition info on Amazon does not reflect what is on the package.
That's what the package says.
This is a neutral tasting pasta. I've used it with Japanese, Chinese, Mexican and Italian sauces. I've used it in sorts of cold veggie salads. If you've ever had mung bean sprouts (common in Chinese food) you know how neutral the flavor is.
There has been a product change at Explore Asian. It used to be just 'mung bean fetticune', now it's the combo soybean/mung bean type. That being said, when I ordered, I received the original mung bean type. I imagine that the supplier is using the mung bean stock first before the newer combo type. Check out the manufacturer's web site at explore-asian(dot) com. For what it's worth, my local health food chain is still selling the plain old mung bean type. So, not sure which one you would get when you order.
yes, the serving size/nutritional info always refers to the dry version in any pasta...it is the only way to keep it controlled...the water intake is variable, and water has no calories anyways.
Ya know I never weighed a portion. I just did like I would do if using regular pasta. However let me make this really clear, this stuff is great and it is not as filling as normal pasta. No bloat, no full I ate too much feeling. It actually makes you want more when you realize how much better it is. I have gone for seconds every time. You are eating goodness for you, not bad for you filler. excellent regular item in my pantry. In fact just this last weekend I threw out all other flour and egg pastas as I have no need for them anymore. Once you have this, you won't go back if you know about what is the best nutritional and fiber value for you.
Seems to be with just the mung beans, the mnfg changed the product and now it contains edaname [soy].
No edamame, which is soybean. It's mung beans and water. That's all. I suspect it's high in calories because beans and legumes tend to be high in calories. But, it's nutrient-dense and very high in protein. I like the flavor and use tomatoes, vegan parmesan, olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper. Yummy!
I do not know, didn't even notice the discrepancy. &#128522;
All I can figure is "EXplore ASian", but don't know for sure.
Frozen 6 months .Otherwise around 3-5 weeks .To extend life as you slice it wipe exposed surface with apple vinegar
It is a slab
In the curing process only hardwood smoke,sugar and sodium nitrate (salt) are used.
I keep mine in the freezer, in the cloth bags they came in and they have been fine for well over a year. Keep in mind, this is not the kind of bacon you get at the supermarket, it is dry salt cured bacon, it would really be hard to spoil it.
no
When you order from here they are about 12 inch pieces of fish that you can section.
About 20 inches
I would think if you freeze them they would get too mushy when thawed!
Dr. Smilowicz the type of fish used for the smoked whitefish is fresh whitefish from lake Michigan. They are wood smoked in Brooklyn new York by Acme Co. I have sold them for decades and they are excellent. Dan at Wholeys
If you would like to call me at 412 391 0125 I could answer your question. Dan Wholey
yes - the number one ingredient is corn syrup
It does not require refrigeration but only for about 30 days from opening. Our family never has a problem using it all up before it goes off because it's so good. :)
Corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, sugar, butter (cream, salt), cream, water, non-fat dry milk, natural flavor, mono- and diglycerides (E471), potassium sorbate (preservative, E202), soy lecithin (an emulsifier, E322), sodium bicarbonate (E500).
I had it about 2 months at room temp,maybe. Then it started to separate and solids formed in the bottom
This is a big bottle, 63 oz. my husband and I make between 2 and 4 espressos every day (usually 4, quad shots) and a bottle this size lasts over 2 weeks. We use 2 1/2 pumps per drink. Hope that helps!
The last two I received did not contain Gluten. I have Celiacs and enjoyed this. Formulations change all the time so you still have to check. Who ever thought soy sauce would go to using wheat.
That's a good idea. I hadn't thought about that.
Pump comes with it, i ordered 2 bottles and got 2 pumps
Hi. The Torani sauce is "stringy" or "goopy" even after stirred with a spoon in hot coffee. This brand is not. I checked and it was not out of date so not sure why it was that way. I am very pleased with the Fontana sauce. Hope this helps.
Jim the reason is because we were being taken advantage of standard shipping to the west coast. We had inexpensive shipping and we had most of our customers ordering from California/ Washington/ Oregon and we were losing money on every order. We changed everything to two day air for $40 dollars and now we break even on shipments to the west coast. My suggestion is to go to our own site where the shipping is less and sometimes free. Thanks, Dan Wholey at Wholeys
Julie on this item the country of orgin is mainland China which is probably not want you want to hear. However it is a good product and we get no complaints on the item. You could also consider the Chilean langostinos or USA wild caught gulf shrimp. Thanks Dan Wholey
Don't get them. I bought two packs. The first were so fishy I threw out the other.
Mine spoke fluent Chinese. Not Creole. Very good though!
Although I have not tried, I would say no because they are a slightly different size and shape.
No,these capsules works only in the Lavazza Blue system machines,LB2312 and before models
A very long time 6-12 months! Still keep in the freshness!
No, these only work in a Lavazza blue machine.
No
You must use the Lavazza Blue Espresso Machines, like the models LB 2312 or LB 2314, the main difference between the two is that Lb 2312 needs to be filled with water manually the LB 2314 cab be hooked up directly to a water source
Its big. And it works well in a salt grinder.
Absolutely. Just buy a pepper grinder and put salt into it. That's what I did since I like coarse salt but not as coarse as rock salt :)
There is no sugar. Here are the ingredients that I copied right off the package: " Natural salt, anti-caking agent E-535, potassium iodide3mg/100g (lone l)" I looked up the anti-caking agent and it is commonly used in Europe: sodium ferocyonide. I think that the Europeans are more sensitive to celiac disease since win the US, flours are used as an anti-caking agent.
I didn't know for sure. I don't have any on hand at this time but I googled it and found on this Health site 2 calories. Sweeteners are artificial which some find questionable for human consumption. To each their own. Hope this helps. http://www.myfitnesspal.com/food/calories/van-houtte-kcup-raspberry-chocolate-truffle-coffee-81021837
I'm not sure as I have an older model. I would go right to the Keurig co. And ask them.
It is kosher and it says so on the package. The supervision is MK and it states that it's pareve.
This is coffee that has Raspberry and Chocolate flavourings added. It's very yummy. Unfortunately as with all flavoured coffee- the smell is stronger than the taste.
They are truly delicious! I disliked sardines my whole life until I tried the Wild Planet brand. They are so fresh, light, moist and never overly "fishy". They are sustainabley caught and filled with omegas, calcium and potassium. This is the only brand I trust.
YES. No BPA used in can lining is stated on the outside of the package.
Olive oil adds a very nice flavor....
i am willing to pay it as i don't drive and it gets delivered. i eat a lot of them for the doctor recommended vit d. cheaper than the hospital!mash them up with onions, cilantro, lemon juice and hard boiled eggs. delish!
There is none. Unless the can is subjected to high heat or salt it will keep the contents in an unchanged condition indefinitely.
thank you for asking that question please review this letter by the company President and Founder Bill Carvalho has written an informative document which provides clear, concise information regarding radiation in Wild Planet products. Please see this link for a pdf of this documenthttp://www.wildplanetfoods.com/pdf/media/press/WildPlanetRadiationStatement7_16_12.pdf
Yes, they are entire sardines. The bones are small and the fish are intended to be eaten whole.
Yes, fish and olive oil are both naturally gluten free. As far as I know this isn't processed in a facility that processes things that contain gluten.
As grandparents of a handicapped child...we can assure you we are all using it in cooking and hot chocolate etc...and are very happy with the product...
Yes, it makes 2 gallons if you use the recommended ratio of dry milk & water
On the back, all the way down on the Right hand side
I use it for everything. I think it is pretty good milk and the powder seems to dissolve completely. I think it is more like skim milk than whole milk.
I don't know.I received THE MILK at DEC 3 2014,the expiration date is OCT 2015.For reference purposes only.
Hello there, I am not sure if it is totally organic, but it only has natural ingredients. I use this instead of powder creamer. Hope that helps, and I believe it is made in America.
good question since all cows get hormones except when noted "hormone free." Call the 800 phone number from Nestle Carnation and demand a straight answer!
I have a 'coffee creamer' bowl that is full of the powder - works very well in coffee or tea- just start very small & you will figure out how much to use per cup of coffee or tea.
I believe you could, I can't say for sure, I didn't pay attention to the expire date when it was in the cabinet. My family used it so fast I didn't have to worry.
i think it is!
I always make it with cold water
I use 4 tea bags for a gallon, I heat a quart of water to boiling, remove from heat add tea bags and steep got 5-7minutes, add tea to gallon container and fill up to make a gallon.
Just one box of 48 bags.
They are "family size" bags, 48 per box. Directions say each bag makes a quart of iced tea.
There are 48 large tea bags in this carton. The bags are for a qt of tea, these are not the small 1 cup size bags. This stuff is GREAT.
A little late on this one, but they are whole. You can sprout them, dehydrate them, and then run them through a food processor to make flour. You can even use them to make raw foods this way.
No beloved they are grown in Afrika
You can use this like any other kind of wheat; it's just healthier!
I was wondering the same thing...
It is a hard kernel grain uncooked, much like rice in shape though a little larger, so I would not be inclined to put it into a blender. Once cooked, it would be soft, again like rice, so I doubt it.
You would have to sprout it, if you want to eat it raw, even then, I think it might be a bit difficult to digest. Sprouting will soften the grain (it's pretty hard otherwise) and once the sprouts are 1-2 inches long you can thoroughly rinse the Kamut and mix it with salad greens or anything else you like. With those sprouts you can also make "Essene bread" and let it dry in the sun or dehydrator at very low temperatures, so that it can still be considered raw and keep its beneficial enzymes.
Vitamix
I buy this regularly and it is 100% organic. By law, organic crops cannot be grown from GMO seeds. It also makes awesome bread!
I'm not sure where they are grown, but they say it's "100% grown in USA." I use them to grind into flour for making whole wheat pancakes.
Absolutely. They sprout well. Soak overnight first. See youtube for info on sprouting.
I bought the blendtec electric mill. It was cheaper than the other electric mills and I liked the small footprint for storage. While it has several grinding levels, none give coarse texture such as meal, which was fine with me, since I wanted a mill for flour. I use a coffee grinder if I want meal. I've been very happy with it...it is noisy, though. And the difference in fresh ground flour for my bread is amazing!
Obviously depends on the recipe you use. I use one cup of berries in a recipe that makes four small one pound loaves. Therefor I get twelve loaves at least.
Mylar is over rated. Grains have been stored long term for thousands of years without it. If you keep your dry goods dry, grains can last for decades. Bob's is insect free high quality food, not feed and seed store bulk animal feed with insects and insect eggs. I pack the individual bags into food grade PVC pails and use gamma seal lids. Pack the bags upright as snug as you can and then dump loose parboiled rice over them to fill the dead space. You can get ten bags of wheat in a bucket easily. Parboiled rice, Riceland rice, is the best grade of rice you can find and it's perfectly sterile with zero infestations, too. Try to bucket your dry grains on a pretty dry day to cut the humidity. Rainy days and muggy days aren't really good. The mylar fanboys claim it, along with oxyden absorbers keeps bugs from hatching in your grain. If you buy good foods, there are no bugs to worry about. They also claim that the oxygen that somehow gets through a PVC bucket will "degrade the nutrition" of the stored grains. That means you'll need to eat one or two more mouthfuls of rice or wheat. Big deal. Great chatting with you, Ely!
Seth, you won't run into any probs as long as you keep your grain dry. That's the key to grain storage. I use common food grade PVC buckets and gamma seal lids, no mylar, and have never had a batch go bad in any way. I've got bucketed Red's wheat berries in the basement here that are coming up on seven years now and there's no problems. If you go mylar and O2 absorbers, I'd say you've got a pretty danged stable product! Just be sure to seal and bucket on a low humidity day so you don't get trapped moisture. If you're in a humid area, I'd suggest a dessicant packet. Take care, sir!
It isn't listed on the package, but on their website FAQs: "Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment."
It is good for making tamales, so I expect it would work for chuchitos as well. I used it for tamales this Christmas and it was easy to work with - plus everyone loved the tamales.
Straight from the Bob's web site:Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved,non-GMO seeds. This means thatthe seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment. And the stuff is GOOOOOD too. I use the gluten free masa every week to make tortillas.
I have already repackaged the item into a 5 gallon glass jar. The printed information your asking for has been tossed away
Yes, that's correct. The corn not designated gluten free may have been milled where wheat was milled before (this is the same problem oats, which do not contain gluten). There are people with celiac sprue who cannot tolerate any wheat at all without causing damage to their intestines. For people avoiding gluten because of intolerance, it may or may not make a difference. Bob's Red Mill has dedicated equipment :)
sure - I eat it uncooked all the time
I didn't know so I did a quick Google search, and... good news! Yes, this product is, indeed, non-GMO. This is a quote from their website's FAQ page (http://www.bobsredmill.com/faqs.html): "Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment."
No, Bob's Red Mill is very good about making it obvious if its organic. These are just regular old fashioned oats. They do make organic oats though.
Yes, it is four- 32oz bags of oats.
We bought these oats with the express purpose of making refrigerator oatmeal and it works perfect! We don't make it & eat right away, we make up in mason jars the night before, with our favorite add-ins (peanut butter/banana, berries & honey, apples & cinnamon). The oatmeal softens overnight and is delicious cold or microwaved for a minute.
I am not sure about the difference these and the steel cut, all I remember about these is that they did win a championship where the Scottish kind was also in the competition, Bob's Redmill is the new Golden Spurtle World Porridge champion. I feel is the best 'out of the box' and healthy cereal we can get, I also buy the 'gluten free' kind for a family member, we could not find any other brand better than Bob's.
Yes. Make the batter the day before. Cover and allow to sit overnight in refrigerator. This will allow oats to absorb moisture. Before using, add additional milk/water to obtain right consistency.
Perhaps you are confusing 1 serving with 1 cup. One serving = 1/2 cup. Generally, 1 cup = 300 to 400 calories depending upon the quality of the oats. Red Mill sells very high quality oats.
My package said February 2016.
They sell a gluten-free version.
These are not GMO beans. I contacted the company and found that all their products are GMO FREE. Hope this helps. Carol
That depends how you've prepared, soy is very delicate, so if you left soybeans for more than 12 hours in water, that may have been the problem, after letting in water, it is necessary soy wash several times until you get out all the foam is water, however, to give you a better answer me that preparation method you have used. For one year I prepare my soy milk with a machine called soy maker. But before the machine used the standard preparation method. In anyway you can use the milk that you have now for make a tofu, or yogurt. When you doing good the milk you can make Vegannesa too. ;) The Bob's Red mill soybeans are organic and delicious. Sorry for my English, I am using a translate application but I want to help
I expect you can, but haven't tried it myself. I use these in my soymilk maker. In the past, I have tried sprouting soybeans, and I just used soybeans from the bulk bins at Whole Foods, and it worked fine.
I ordered this product in December 2013 and received 4-32 oz. packages.
Is is a fine salt. My husband and I have high BP and it has less sodium. Sprinkles nicely from a table shaker. No grinder needed.
Yes, most salt listed as "sea salt" will have iodine, but not as much as "iodized salt". However, the iodine contained in sea salt is in the natural proportions with other minerals, just like it is found in sea water. So all in all, it is better for your body than artificially iodized salt.
No. 00 is a white floure milled differently than our white flours. Semolina is a durum flour. Usually pasta dough uses equal weights of all purpose flour and semolina. I have tried mixing it for pizza but prefer using only white flour. Also cornmeal is used on the underside of pizza not semolina
Semolina is defined as "course" grindings of duram wheat. Semolina is the size or courseness of the grind of duram wheat.
About 120 g of carbohydrates in a cup of semolina flour.
i do not know what you mean by "crunched" however I use it for making pasta, gnocchi, breakfast cereal-porridge, east indian foods upama, idlis, dhokla, dosas, halwa, middle east breads with saffron, cakes and sweet pudding desserts. depending upon recipe I use as is, dry toast or toast in ghee or coconut oil. someone below said it was course, I have only received a pretty fine grind. sometimes I would prefer a more course grind but I adjust to what is available. hope this helps.
yes, but I prefer to use if for making pizza dough or home made pasta noodles
Enriched flour is all-purpose flour that has iron and B-vitamins added. Whole wheat flour is coarser than all-purpose flour and contains the bran, germ, and endosperm from the wheat plant, making for a flour that's denser and heavier. Answered by BHGFood
As of 2014, no GM wheat is grown commercially in USA, but many field tests/research tests have been conducted. So the answer would be no.
It's the same
I have not tried to freeze the semolina. I do however keep it in the fridge. It remains very fresh this way. Also let it get to room temp before using.
I use semolina flour in my oatmeal bread, but only one cup. It seems to help with elasticity because of the higher gluten content.
I cannot speak directly for Bob's Red Mill, but I do know that I have used his Organic Buckwheat Flour for people who are gluten intolerant without any adverse effects. Buckwheat in itself is gluten free, and the Bob's Red Mill Buckwheat package lists Whole Grain Organic Buckwheat as the only ingredient. I would suggest contacting the company directly for a more definitive answer.
Yes with some reservations. If the wheat flour recipe calls for leaving, then buckwheat won't work because it is gluten free. Buckwheat is not really a wheat. It is a relative of rhubarb and completely distant from wheat flour. Since it has no gluten, it won't work with yeast to leaven bread. It also won't ferment to form any alcohol. It will work to make pancakes and waffles, biscuits and most other flour recipes that don't neat yeast to work. Won't make bread without adding flour.
Did you mix the ingredients thoroughly? I've never had an issue with texture. Also is this the only flour you are using? I usually mix several different types together.
Hello, this is from the luckyvitamin website: Are Bob's Red Mill products genetically modified? No. All of Bob's Red Mill products come from identity preserved seeds. This means the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. Bob's Red Mill simply can't guarantee against cross pollination due to natural occurrences such as wind drift, so they do not label their products GMO-free.
BOB'S RED MILL Check here for the FAQ - we may be able to answer your question now... General Product Questions: Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment.
I store mine in freezer. I read in a book about popcorn once that the freezer is the best place (it keeps the kernels from drying out - the more humid the kernels, the better the pop - at least that is the theory). For that same reason, the fridge would not be a good place as it would dry out the kernels. The freezer works great. Popping time does not seem to be longer than room temperature and we get very very few old maids or ones that are not well popped.
No. I don't think they are hulless but they are definitely low hull compared to yellow popping corn. Much softer and less stuff in your teeth.
There is some, but certainly not any more than any other popcorn. I feel like the hulls might be a bit softer, so they aren't quite as annoying.
This is the answer from Bob's Red Mill website: Are your products genetically modified? All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment.
Orville's was my corn of choice before discovering Bob's Red Mill. In my opinion, the Bob's corn has more corn flavor and a little more natural sugar than Orville's.
Have not heard ot refered to as mushroom popcorn. But what i can say is it is the most delicious pop corn i have ever had.
I don't know, but I think you use a different type of corn for cornmeal. I don't think pop corn is the right kind of corn, but again, I don't know for sure.
I avoid refrigerator/freezer in order to prevent dehydration; moisture content insures "good pop". Not sure about "oxy absorbers" - but air tight container sounds good. Actually - my popcorn doesn't last long enough to be in danger!
Expiration date of my latest order of this great popcorn is 3/16. My order is for two families who eat a lot of popcorn.
FYI: I bought a 24oz bag today for $2.54 on sale at Target ( full price $2.99) and yes it is the exact same item...
I keep a backlog of about 5 bags. No problem with shelf life. To be honest I never look at the expiration date except to make sure I'm preparing the oldest first.
Yes, according to the Bob's Red Mill site, where there is a recipe (I've never tried to make it). In addition, a Google search shows several recipes, including for bread machines. Hope this helps!
4 bags @ 24 ounces each. 96 total ounces
The bag gives toasting instructions, so I doubt it. I just know we have them every morning 'cuz we don't get tired of them.
I buy mine for about $5.25 for a 54oz (3lb 6oz) bag at Big Lots..... Less expensive at Big Lots than here at amazon...
The quick version of the steel cut oats is just cut into smaller pieces, allowing them to cook faster than the regular steel cut. The nutritional value is the same, to my knowledge. Hope this helps!
I'm eating Bob's Red Mill steel cut oats right now, prepared in a regular stainless pot, same as every morning and they are delicious! Crock pot sounds a bit longer than my usual 20 minutes.
No genetically modified varieties of oats exist. So all oatmeal is GMO free.
Yes and Yes. The nutritional benefits of steel cut oats are better than tat of quick oats. Essentially quick oats are cut smaller and flash steamed in the factory so you get less fiber and there are more processed, albeit still very good for you. Steel cut is just the pure grain cut up into larger chunks and not steamed, they take longer to cook but it is worth it. They taste different as well, I think they have more flavor, but all of your favorite oatmeal toppings will work well with them.
Yes, it is non-GMO. I will quote from Bob's Red Mill FAQ: Are your products genetically modified? No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment. I bake with this mix every week. FYI, it bakes up much better if you mix the oil, eggs (and in my case a bit of added sugar) first, then add the mix and mix until the grains are coated. Then slowly add the milk as you mix. I bake this in a lightly heated cast iron skillet and it makes enough for my family of three to have fresh, then freeze enough for two more meals together. Good stuff!
never tried it. but it does puff up somewhat when place on a comal.
Yes. The front of the bag states: Our Masa Harina is made with dried corn kernels that have been cooked and soaked in limewater and then ground into masa and dried.
No it does not. It only contains red wheat. This is why I buy it. All other flours, have barley in them.
organics are produced without the use of commercial fertilizers and pesticides.
I use this bread regularly to make sourdough bread (with a sourdough starter) and never have to use extra gluten.
Here is a quote from Bob's Red Mill -- We are able to assure our customers, however, that glyphosate desiccation is not a practice used for our organic products as the use of glyphosate is not permitted at any time in the cultivation of our organically grown ingredients. Our Customers who desire to be certain that glyphosate has not been used may wish to choose instead from our extensive line of certified organic products. -- I have always trusted their products and are very happy with them, I don't believe any of us can guarantee anything unless we grow it ourselves and know exactly what is going on. There is so little on any market today that has not been adulterated in some fashion. Living in FAR Northern Maine we have Amish growers and lots of farms but that still is no failsafe (but a pretty good bet). However, I think there are some you can at least feel comfortable with and Bob's Red Mill being one, and I usually only buy their organic products. Hope this helps. Elizabeth
When I purchased this item it was a total of 20 lbs.
It does not say specifically that it is GMO free. It IS QAI organic certified. All of Bob's Red Mill flours are GMO free (see this article:http://www.non-gmoreport.com/articles/february2013/bobs-red-mill-preserving-wholeness.php). Great question and I had very much fun finding the answer. Hope you love the flour. Be sure to get the Organic Unbleached rather than the one in the lighter colored bag - it's MUCH better.
I add vital wheat gluten
The price for a single bag is $6.99 at Whole Foods.
This is not 'all purpose flour'. It is high gluten hard spring flour. Good for bread but not for pastry.
The weight on the title/description of 5 ounces is incorrect. The shipping weight of 21 pounds is correct. They are 5 pound bags each.
Since corn is the only grain involved in grits (and, hence, polenta), any brand of grits should be gluten-free. Even my gluten-sensitive daughter consumes these grits. In addition, Bob's Red Mill site specifies their grits are gluten-free. So, while I can't run scientific tests and guarantee it myself, I'd say, yes, Bob's corn grits is a gluten-free product. By the way, in order to make polenta from grits -- this is assuming you don't already know -- cook the grits per directions, and then pour them in to some shaped container. Let them cool to room temperature, then refrigerate, covered (of course). Cut into chunks, pan-fry, and serve with eggs and bacon, eggs and sausage, or however you want it. Hope all this blather helps.
I no longer have my bags, I put all of them into a container that I store in the fridge til the grits are gone. I always check the date when I get them and then empty them into my glass jar and put them in the fridge, so never have a problem with them not staying fresh.
No, they are shipped room temp and that is how I keep them, even after I open the bag - just like oatmeal. But the bag is not resealable. I transfer mine into something with a tight lid to keep out insects or moisture.
Not from this particular listing . . .they come as a four pack. I can usually find it at the grocery store in single bags, however, it's more expensive when purchased that way. The good news is, these packages freeze well.
On the bag it says it's all natural & certified organic by QAI. Hope that helps.
On mine there's sell by date 6/15/2015
They are Non GMO. Organic means Non GMO. It has the USDA Organic seal on the package. They are grown from none GMO seeds - they are pesticide free. GMO seeds have pesticides in them. Now a natural product is a GMO product, steer away from them.
You might have to contact Bob's Red Mill directly for that question. I visited the factory and factory store in Milwaukie, Oregon the summer of 2014, but I didn't think to ask where the oats are grown and the label doesn't specifically say 'oats were grown in Oregon' or anything like that.
Oats are generally gluten free, however, since it is not labeled gluten free means that they may not have been processed in a gluten free facility so there is a possibility of cross contamination with other grains that contain gluten. I have tried both the Gluten Free Oats (Bob's Red Mill) and these. These Organic Oats taste MUCH better than the gluten free. They have a natural sweetness to them that can't be beat! We LOVE them, however, if you are very sensitive to gluten you may want to stick to gluten free oats because of the possible cross contamination issue. Hope this info helps.
It's actually 18 half cup servings per bag, so the entire order would be 36 cups.
Yes, it is similar to mochi rice, but the grind is not as dusty fine as the Asian type. I can still use them for different types of rice cakes, including mochi.
If you zoom in on the pic you can see that it has Bob's logo for Gluten Free on it. Bob's tests their GF stuff using ELISA down to like 5ppm or something similar, so it's definitely as safe as possible.
yes, I have a friend who does and has good results.
OREGON
What is this in reference to, specifically in regard to this product? I have been using this product for DECADES and have not heard anything about this in regard to this product, ever.
No, it's not sticky.
serving size 1/4 cup raw. servings per container 27. amount per serving calories 180. calories from fat 15. total fat 1.5 g. saturated fat 0 g. trans fat 0 g. cholesterol o mg. sodium 5 mg. total carb 37 g. diet fiber 3 g. sugars 0 g. protein 4 g.
On the front of the package it says "California"
I had several beans that had sprouted after being soaked for a while. I planted them in a pot and they grew to about 4 inches high, then just died. Don't know what the problem is or what I could have done differently. This was my first time so maybe they didn't get enough sunlight or something I could have added to the soil, I don't know but that's what happened to me. Hope this helps.
Yes.
US
No
I do not know exact time when the soybeans were produced. I am sure that they are not fresh.
My wife usually makes Soy Bean paste from them, never tried roasting them, she thinks it would probably be okay, but has no idea of the taste.
The package seems more like cellophane than plastic, so I assume it cannot be recycled. All of Bob's Red Mill products seem to be packaged the same way. Try contacting them through their web site. They have been responsive to my questions in the past.
It will last at 6 months.
No, mine look the same as advertised.
You'd have to soak them overnight, pour off the soak water, and then cook them in fresh water first; then they'd taste like cooked soybeans, which is not all that great, but not terrible.
Yes, Bob's Red Mill flaxseed meal is gluten free.
From http://www.bobsredmill.com/faqs.html: "No. All of our products originate from identity-preserved, non-GMO seeds. This means that the seed planted in the ground is non-GMO. We do not guarantee the complete absence of GMO materials in our products because of wind drift, pollinators and our lack of testing equipment."
I received my order in May 2013 and the "best by" date on the packages is April 5 2014. So for my order it was date about 1 year out.
To the best of my knowledge the product is from the whole seed. It has very little flavor, and seems to have the oils that one would expect. It thickens up water as an egg substitute, and absorbs water in oatmeal.
It's the only one I've used. I have nothing to compare it to. "Why fix what ain't broke"?
It is ground up flax seeds.
Hello, There is no reference on the label that indicate the product is gluten-free. While I do not have 00% gluten-free diet, I try to limit my intake to minimal level. So, before I purchased the product, I did research regarding the gluten-level in oat groats. I felt the level was low enough for me to purchase it. However, if you have to avoid gluten in your diet, then, you probably should not purchase it. The label states "Manufactured in a facility that also uses tree nuts, soy, wheat and milk.
I have not but it should be ok for that purpose. Oats are oats.
Pure organic
The sell by date depends on when it was packaged. If it's been stored in a cool dry place it should be fine. Smell it, if it's not rancid smelling, I'd use it.
RAWS
no, apples and oranges
Go with what's listed on the package you have in hand, it should be the most up to date. The listing on Amazon may be older. Sometimes counts change if companies start using a different lab to do calorie testing.
Yes they are the whole grain so you can use as is ,grind for flour ,or run thru mill and make your own oats
No, not at all. Barley is a different plant altogether.
As of 2013, no GM wheat has been approved for release anywhere in the world.
I noticed that too, but the main reason I buy this product is because it is unbromated, unbleached, fresh and high quality. Organic became buzz word just like "fat free", "all natural" or "star compliant", to the point I have seen bag of potatoes with label "fat free" affixed on it. (?hmmm). Wheat will not grow just from rain water - it needs fertilizer, hopefully natural one yet does not need deadly pesticides or being genetically enhanced like some grains. How about genetically altered soybean organic milk - yes it is all organic because no bug will even wants to seat on it now. Bottom like - beware of fine print and play of words as "natural flavoring" is actually one of approved names for MSG. To me the most important is that Bob's Red Mill offers fresh and natural grains. I purchase on regular basis sunflower seed, pumpkin seed and few other products from this company and so far never had any issues with quality, taste or freshness.
I just got my order so I can confirm it is 4 bags of 5lbs each equaling 20lbs of product.
I bake bread regularly, so I do go through it, but I have had it sit for a few months with no ill effects. I had a bag that said 2015 as a best used by date. You could always put it in the freezer or an airtight container.
Yes.. I've used it as bread flour with excellent results.
It's total 128oz;) 4 bags of 32 oz
The difference between the two is that stabilised wheat germ has been heat treated to ensure that it does not oxidise and become rancid, yet retains the flavour and nutritional quality. Raw wheat germ has not undergone this treatment, but is stored in vacuum sealed bags in the refrigerator to prevent any oxidisation from occurring.
I've been using this for a few years one and it's never tasted bitter. I find that it really has no taste at all.
Sorry I never tried it, its part of my formula for feeding critters, Crickets, Dubias, Meal-worms and such.
Taste first, then decide. You'll know if it's bad. I routinely leave the wheat germ out for a week or so...
Good question this but I have not had that many in one go only 2 bags at one time and uses it every day but I see no harm in freezing them all as kept in the fridge and not quickly used up may go rancid and with freezing going rancid is unlikely. Freeze them all and the bag being used kept in freezer as well and taken out each time you need it. If you lived in a hot country freezing would be necessary as wheat can attract little mites and would go rancid quickly if kept in fridge over a long time but in a cold country freezing may not be necessary BUT I would definitely FREEZE them all. I am going to FREEZE mine from now on. Thanks for the question. (p.s. I bought the 8lbs for my sister in US through Amazon and will tell her toFREEZE them.)
This product is not labelled as 'organic.' or not genetically modified. Heck, I'm happy it's not made by General Mills. Don't you think we should worry more about the working conditions of the migrant workers who are slaving away to keep this stuff on our table? Moreover, it's just wheat germ milled by Bob and his migrant workers. A lot of Bob's products are certified as USDA Organic. The wheat germ is not one of them. But Bob appears to be a good guy, so you should buy it anyhow and hope for the best.
10 calories per cube.
As far as I know it is.
If monosodium glutamate is gluten...then YES
Because paper will clog and overflow.
I use mine in my Mr. Coffee coffee pot,and in my latte maker.
Yes- it is best with a coffee maker that has different brew strengths- I set mine on robust for the stronger flavor. It is also better if you use the reusable filter instead of te paper ones
You probably could, but I wouldn't recommend it, it really needs a good 15 minutes of steeping for full flavor, otherwise it's like drinking water with a hint of chocolate.
There is a "best before" date on the back of the bag. I have used mine after this date, it is probably not as fresh, but still good. The grounds do have a lighter appearance as they age. Still very tasty, though.
Zero I think
Never tried it.
i use a French press, steep for 8-12 minutes, stir and press.
I believe the instructions say to use a French Press or a coffee maker with a gold filter. I use a French Press and absolutely love it.
Smoothie is a great idea. I tried putting them into a "chocolate pudding." I liked it the first time, but the family didn't & have to admit it was a bit funky. I'd suggest including them in a home-baked healthy muffin, cookies, or hot cereal. Good Luck!
I mainly use it to spice up my vinegar which I use for pickling. I luv this on pickled mangos
It is. Not the best for kimchi, however. It is too fine a grind for this purpose. For good kimchi pepper powder that is slightly flaky (medium grind, perhaps) should be used. I bought it for kimchi but will use it as a general seasoning for sauces and marinades.
The package I have says "PRODUCT OF P.R.O.C." - the People's Republic of China.
no contains only korean ground pepper as it states on the back of the package.
Not so hot. It's mildly spicy n very good in home made kimchi.
I put it in the oil with the seeds.
Gold medal is a salt seasining and as such can be used anywhere, (just remember its a salt too). As to micowave or air popcorn poppers...I would think the seasoning would "blow" out of the air popper and thus defeat the purpose. You can, however, sprinkle it overvthe popcorn after its in your bowl, (this seasoning is a fine powdered product). ps...i use it on all my popcorn...i use a stircrazy popper.
1 teaspoon has 114% of daily requirement for sodium.
Use it while you are popping. Use very little about 1/2 a tablespoon.
I have a 2.5 oz maker and I use less then a teaspoon of this salt so for u I would say a heaping tablespoon. Depends how salty u like it...:)
No. No oil either. You spray the popped corn with olive oil then sprinkle the salt on it to make it stick. You can also use plain table salt but for better results, grind the salt to a fine powder.
On the top of the product there are two dates, a production date and a expiration date which is two years after the production date. In short, the shelf life of this product is two years. By the way, I love the taste!
Yes
According to the pkging, Serving Size 1 tsp (7g) Servings Per Container 141 Calories 0 Total Fat 0g Sodium 2740 g Total Garbohydrate 0 g Protein 0 g I hope that helps. It is GREAT on Popcorn :)
Artificial butter flavor, and dyes.
it is shipped seal up in plastic and boxed. I keep mine in the refiig. to keep fresh. I sat it out for a a few minutes to soften up. Like any and all oils even crisco I keep in refig., this helps to prolong the freshness longer and does not get that funny taste when left out in cabinets. Some oils will thicken up but sat out for 15 to 20 minutes and will lossen up to oils. Oils loose it's vitamins and value when left out. Hope this helps. I have been cooking for 54 years and have learn a lot.
I have made frosting with this shortening and it came out Great !!
I think it is palm kernel oil. It work very well even in frosting!!
There is no Sodium. One TBSP contains 6g of Saturated Fat.
I would think it would be fine. I'd use it.
Hmm, haven't tried this specifically, but I don't see why not. It's supposed to be good for up to 450 degrees (F), so I guess it depends on how hot you plan to get your cast iron.
It says that it is Certified Sustainable.
Yes. This brand is made with organic palm oil (mechanically pressed) and it is awesome!!
Yes. This is SO much better than Crisco - I use this healthy alternative instead of Crisco.
I would give it a go. I've mostly used it in grain free baking. It's a tad softer than regular shortening. I often measure the amount I want and refrigerate or freeze it before I use it. Cookies can usually handle a pretty soft butter or shortening, though, so I wouldn't worry about that unless you run into problems. If the dough is too sticky to work with, refrigerate it for a while before trying to work with it again or add a little more flour. The next time you make the recipe cut back on the Palm oil instead.
Although the package lists 5g = 5 g carbs, there are zero g sugar and the carbs pass through your system undigested, therefore the actual digested carbs are zero.. I believe Carolyn explains more on her blog of All Day I Dream About Food. SWERVE is also the recommended sweetener of Maria Emmerich, a nutritional counselor who also has a blog and several books. Both could give you better information on using SWERVE. I like that it substitutes in equal amounts for sugar in recipes and has a clear sweet taste with no digestive discomfort as is found with some sweeteners.
For baking I find that Granular is the best, more like sugar. And the confection is good for icings, but you can use it in baking also, but I don't use as much as the other because it makes it a dry cookie or cake. I run out of one, I use either, they are both sweet and I never have a need for sugar!
Depends on what you use it for. It is a little less than two cups per pound bag and you measure it one to one in recipes.
Noir does not have dextrose. Also you can go to Swerve.com to get samples to try before ordering. I think Swerve is a great sugar replacement. It can be used for baking, cooking, in drinks etc Swerve also has recipes on their site. Hope this helps.
Absolutely not! Swerve is a natural sweetener made from Erythritol, a sugar alcohol. Erythritol is not metabolized by the body so it has zero calories. It is also not metabolized by gut bacteria so it does not cause gas like Sorbitol or Xylitol. Erythritol occurs naturally in fruits. The Erythritol in Swerve is made by fermenting glucose. It is a safe no-calorie alternative to sugar that tastes much better than any artificial sweetener on the market.
I bought it to make peanut butter cups and it was sweet but had a mouth feel like smashed glass. I would buy the swerve that is like powdered sugar, not the granulated swerve.
Yes
Swerve is certified Kosher by the Orthodox Union.
Swerve tastes better. The stevia in Truvia gives it a slightly metallic taste. Swerve doesn't have this. In many applications, it really is impossible to tell that it's not sugar.
No
Yes. The box says they are produced in a separate specialized facility that is guaranteed gluten free.
The expiration date for those that I purchased is April 2015. They don't tend to stay that long in my home.
calories(1 cup) are 110 w/o milk 150 with 1/2 c skim milk. sodium is 180mg for 1 cup. Serving size is 1 cup.
1 gram of sugar. 2 grams protein, fat .5g
No, it does not have soy!
It doesn't say who manufactured it, just that it is distributed by Bob's Red Mill. This yeast works as well, or better than those packaged yeasts. You must keep it refrigerated, but it lasts for months. My bread rises beautifully. I would recommend it.
The factory was started in Redding, California but is now located in Orgegon. As far as this food being produced or manfactured in China you will probably have to visit the site and contact them. The website is www.bobsredmill.com
Bob's Red Mill suggests refrigeration after opening.
This is an excellent yeast and not fast rise.
Yes
No I do not believe so. I am away so I cannot look for you
As far as I know they do not and they claim not to use any GMO products. See here http://blog.bobsredmill.com/featured-articles/our-policy-regarding-gmos/ I use a lot of their products daily Brenda
It made like 25 cotton candys and very good flavor!!
50 paper cones
It doesn't say it is. But I decided to use organic sugar and it works perfect. I felt better having cotton candy that comes from organic sugar. it has lots of artificial colors which I didn't like. it does say it contains soy.
Ingredients:Sugar, Artificial Flavor, propylene glycol,water,Contain Soy; May contain traces of natural flavors, food coloring,glycerine, vanillin
No it does not contain any alcohol.
no, they are made of paper.
Can't really tell you. I bought this for my grandson. He loves it. So does the other's in his family. Mom, Dad, Sisters and brother all enjoy the cotton candy.
Yes I used this along with other products..
I won't say that it adds color to your hair but it does enhance your natural color more. The difference isn't dramatic but you'll notice your natural highlights stand out more in the sun.
No, I buy mine from DRs Best. Great Herb
No it comes in a bag.. Not resealable I might add.
Refrigerator is better place to store
Just make sure the roots are not all skinny ones. They need to be hand picked to make sure you are getting decent sizable roots. Say that in the comments. I did and received wonderful roots
Turmeric is perennial. You can keep replanting pieces of the root again after harvest too. The small knobs that grow out of the sides produce a stem. You can harvest more after the leaves dry out, every eight to ten months.
Yes
http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/organic-herbs/growing-turmeric Haven't done it myself yet!! If you want more info, go to google and do a search.
Hi, I just put the roots directly in some fertile soil 1 inch under the surface. It hasn't sprout yet; I'm just following the same procedure I did last year with some ginger roots and they have grown pretty well. Will have to wait a few weeks more. PS: I'm located in Venezuela and the whether looks very similar to what I saw in the south of India, so I hope it will work. Good luck
What I got was very nice, fresh and everything it should be.
Not everyone gets the same results. My reaction to Tumeric (Curcumin) was just fabulous. It didn't "cure" my arthritis, but to give you and example: On initial standing it used to take ten-twenty seconds to set a little looseness in my knee joints to move and start walking. With Tumeric it took only five seconds to get rolling. That's the result I saw. A friend did not get any benefit at all though. I get my turmeric (I also grew it) in two 500 mg pills from Vitamin World. Its cheap if you get it with the tw0-for sales. You can just powder it to and take a teaspoon with honey to make it go down easy, wash down with tea. Fabulous plant, absolutely fabulous for my osteoarthritis of hands knees (mainly) and hips
I think tumeric root originated from India
Hello, Melissa. We ship out fresh tumeric from Atlanta via Priority Mail. You will receive it fresh! Try us. Sheetal Customer Service
No Preservatives, all natural, 90 times more Anti Oxidents than Pamgranite, 40 times more than Blueberries, very healthful, I buy it by the case..Taste wonderful
38 grams, mostly fruit sugar which is naturally occurring
13 and 1/2 mg. caffeine. 27 in a 16 oz bottle
According to the packaging from my order, no yellow food dye. It does contain blue 1 and red 40.
I've used it all already! Can't remember but there was plenty of time left before expiration. Wish I had more! This is the best!
Yes, there are six boxes of ten, so it comes to 17 cents a sleeve, which is a really good buy. I cannot get any of the Ocean Sprays at any of my local grocer's, so I have to come here anyway. This is a great flavor and you will find that you can put it into a larger size bottle of water than 19.6 oz. because it is stong.
NO!
6 boxes of 10 each! It is really good, by the way!
Costco told me yesterday it was because distributor no longer would supply. Maybe they wanted more money then Costco was willing to add on to their customers. Good for you Costco if this was the reason. Wish you would let us know the reason you no longer supply this outstanding product.
SPLENDA (Sucralose) No Calorie Sweetener It measures cup for cup like sugar - so whatever amount of sugar your recipe requires just substitute the same amount of SPLENDA Granulated Sweetener Sugar SPLENDA Granulated Sweetener 1 cup 1 cup SPLENDA Packets Sugar SPLENDA Packets 2 tsp 1 packet 1 tbsp 1 1/2 packets 1/8 cup 3 packets 1/4 cup 6 packets 1/3 cup 8 packets 1/2 cup 12 packets
The 1500 Count Box that this product comes in states: "Product of USA". According to this website (http://njveg.rutgers.edu/assets/pdfs/foodsfty/Country_of_Origin_Labeling_final.pdf) that labeling means that this sweetener was made in the United State.
I usually purchase vegetable oil at Costco - sold in a package of 3 gallons. It takes approx 2 gallons. Yes you can reuse the oil for at least 2 more frys. Keep in mind that you should be consistent when reusing the oil, I would not fry a turkey with oil that I previously fried fish with. Draining the oil from this fryer is very easy, with a funnel you can "drain" the oil back into the original container. I wait until the next morning insuring that oil has cooled down.
No
It's a buttery creole marinade that you inject in the turkey. It came with a season pack to but on the bird as well. It's good if you like a little taste of cajun in your turkey. And if I remember right I used the whole bottle. Hope that helps you. Merry Christmas to you & yours...
Used it the first time Thanksgiving and again last week with the same good results. After opening I stored it in the refrigerator. Plan on using it again for X-mas.
i don't remember but you do it to your taste. I usually inject the breast a couple times and the legs once I've only tried the creole and we love it.
I usually purchase vegetable oil at Costco - sold in a package of 3 gallons. It takes approx 2 gallons. Yes you can reuse the oil for at least 2 more frys. Keep in mind that you should be consistent when reusing the oil, I would not fry a turkey with oil that I previously fried fish with. Draining the oil from this fryer is very easy, with a funnel you can "drain" the oil back into the original container. I wait until the next morning insuring that oil has cooled down.
No
It's a buttery creole marinade that you inject in the turkey. It came with a season pack to but on the bird as well. It's good if you like a little taste of cajun in your turkey. And if I remember right I used the whole bottle. Hope that helps you. Merry Christmas to you & yours...
Used it the first time Thanksgiving and again last week with the same good results. After opening I stored it in the refrigerator. Plan on using it again for X-mas.
i don't remember but you do it to your taste. I usually inject the breast a couple times and the legs once I've only tried the creole and we love it.
375 Pieces
Cherry, watermelon, grape, apple, blue raspberry.... all individually wrapped.
I dont know about the lollipops but these candies are individually wrap. I have never seen these in a gumball machine and i dont think it would work in it anyway.
Because they are gross
No there's no good processes in this candy. The taste is very good, I eat them because it curbs my food intake. There is no absolutely no food of any kind included in this candy.
yes we do
One of the original flavors was fire (cinnamon) but it is not included in this "mix". This pack includes Blue Raspberry, Grape, Watermelon, Green Apple, and Cherry. I don't remember raspberry being an original flavor when I was growing up.
Never counted, but fair to say - lots. Don't have any bags left now, so can't count.
No, I'm sorry. It only comes assorted. Thank you for your inquiry.
I think it would vary. Mine has a date of 2016 but it goes fast. It makes great chicken salad,my son takes it in his lunch just as it comes from the canand even my little chiuhauha eats it if I run out of other food she likes. It comes to $3.25 a can but 12 oz can with some water maybe 10 oz drained. With tuna getting so pricy and less and less in the can this chicken is a decent buy. I hope you like it. If you belong to Cosco it is their brand.
YES
Yes it is
I don't have any cans remaining. I believe the 12.5 ounces is the entire capacity of the can. Yes, there is water in there. Because of the size and quantity of the chicken chunks, the amount of water that I strain off isn't too bad. It's a lot better than canned crab and tuna fish. Buy a single can from Costco before buying a 6-pack via Amazon to verify.
Kirkland Signature is the Costco house brand. I bought some at Costco today.
You'll need a can opener.
Yes, it is a product of the US.
Yes, already cooked well.
Sorry, I don't know the exact sodium content. I sent this chicken to a friend. Having said that, I'm on a low sodium diet and I wouldn't buy and eat it. I know all these canned meats are loaded and unless it says "Low Sodium", I don't buy them.
Yes! It is precooked and lightly salted in water. All chunks of white meat.
I'm guessing this is a typo and you want to know what this is good for? I use the seeds to make milk. It's a tasty alternative to dairy. I use it on my cereal or as a base for smoothies.
Hemp hearts are Hemp seeds with the shell removed. When you remove the hull of the seed you are causing several detrimental effects to the nutritious whole seed. The main detriment is that you lose the hull, an excellent source of minerals but more importantly, a rare source of insoluble fibre, something that we get very little of in our modern diets. You can use the hull of the hemp seed to gently cleanse your colon and flush toxins from your intestinal tract. It is an excellent source of a type of fibre that is not found in our diets because of over processing of foods. Another good source of insoluble fibre would be soil, something not commonly consumed.
I use it in the morning over greek yogurt with cut up fresh fruit sprinkled over the top. And in a kale salad with diced red pepper, olive oil, salt and garlic..i just sprinkle it in...
No. I don't believe doing that will enhance the nutritional value of the seeds. As far as taste goes. They are great right out of the bag.
It's highly unlikely, the US requires hemp products to be sterilized prior to import. Also, these seeds have their outer hulls removed (hence, the 'hearts' aspect of the name), so the seed doesn't have everything it'd need to grow.
The hemp seeds are hulled; this manufacturer calls it 'shelled'. The direct answer to your question is, "No". Hope that helps!
Yes, 6 boxes of 15 each, 90 pieces total. Makes it nice to give as gifts and keeps you from eating them all at once. Each piece is also individually wrapped.
I bought it 3 times. It's been good all those 3 times. Not sure about the dates though. Sorry I wish I could be more helpful.
15x6
They were horrible. .very grainy and tasteless. Save your money
Wish I could help. I have no idea. I threw the original bag away.
Each grain is about 1/8" diameter.
Yes. Ocia is an independent organic certifier. They are great.
Jeremy, the listing for Quality Green Products is for 6 bottles (12-ounces each) for $22.70 plus shipping. Bill Miles - Customer Cars - Quality Green Products
It's the light and it's excellent!!
It stated multiple bottles but they only shipped one! I was able to get my money back from amazon however. I would recommend not ordering from them.
Yes I have a bottle of this, ingredients are:water, soybean oil,white wine,white wine vinegar, salt,spices, monosodium glutamate, garlic, onion,xanthham gum,sodium benzoate, molasses, calcium disodium, vinegar, corn syrup, caramel color, chives,tamarind, natural flavor
It is for 1 16oz bottle.
glass-I ordered twice & one was smashed & a sticky mess-Amazon did give me credit for that-won't reorder as long as it is glass-great product, but risky via mail.
There is no expiration date on the bottle and no instruction to refrigerate after opening. I have kept it around for an awfully long time with no problem even without the fridge. In the fridge, it should keep even longer but would have to be warmed to room temp in order to pour.
Propylene glycol is an organic compound. Flavors must be stored in some form of an alcoholic base. Many tinctures use just regular alcohol, this however creates a vile taste, completely defeating the purpose of putting it in anything. Thus, propylene glycol is used. You are correct, propylene glycol is used as a base for many scents and flavors, it's even used in hookah tobacco and electronic cigarettes. Propylene glycol, being an organic compound, is one of the healthiest and safest solvents there is. The flavorings sustained in the propylene glycol were extracted from natural sources, however if the bottle were to be pure flavoring, it would make it useless, because even a single drop of flavoring would be too intense in most cases. Just because they use something has many uses in human consumable products doesn't mean it's unsafe, quite the contrary actually.
Natural grain alcohol, water, natural flavors, and other flavors. this was copied off the cherry flavor, all the others have propylene glycol as well.
these are alcohol based so they have a strong scent while "raw". however being alc. based they loose most of the flavor when cooked, especially when baking. these flavors are best used for cold prep and serve such as drinks and post cooking candy, like frosting. so not the right choice for baking but great for many other uses.
These are mildly sweet but I think you would have to use toomuch to flavor a bottle of water.
No, since you need oil based flavors! These are water based.
It depends on the flavor. Right now, I have root beer, which contains Propylene Glycol, alcohol, and natural flavors. Another one, plum, contains Propylene Glycol, alcohol, water, natural flavors and Benzyl alcohol. I don't have it now, but I remember that the pomegranate flavor contained syrup, which kind of surprised me. I think you might do better to go to Bakto's website to find out what the flavors you are interested in contain.
They are all clear
Yes
Wish I could tell you, half of my bottles showed up broken - really poor packaging!!!!!
No, it's just a regular opening. It would be nice if they came with a dropper.
If you really like Gatorade this is only place I have found to buy it and the packets have the same calories as a 20 oz bottle which I believe is 120 Cal. You can buy a low calorie Gatorade in the stores premade in 20 oz bottles and they have only 80 calories. Buy if you are looking for a low calorie energizer drink it is cheaper to go with the small bottles of MiO instead and you can sweeten it as much as you want and for a 16 oz glass it is close to zero calories. And it is cheaper one little bottle makes as much as the bigger cans of powder Gatorade for about $2.39.
8
20 oz. You can go to 32 oz if you like a lighter taste
Ann, I can't tell now as I've consumed all the packages I purchased.
The ink is pretty much terrible you're probably going to get about maybe 10 to 15 good sheets the ink isn't the same quality like it used to be I would look somewhere else
Yes, they are.
This is the set I purchased an have had outstanding quality and consistency. Edible Ink Cartridges for Canon CLI-251 & PGI-250 (5 pack) with... Sold by: Tasty Imaginations
according to the website for Ink4cakes this edible ink is kosher
No it won't
NO! I am having to return these because they do not work with the MG5520 or 5300.
Yes but I had to buy a chip resetter. To reset the ink tanks to full for my printer
Yes they are.
Yes. The full set for the canon mg5320.
I BELIEVE the 5420 takes a different ink cartridge sadly. Check the specs from office supply stores. It takes CLI-250&251 cartridges which may be slightly diff than the 225 & 226 cartridges the 5320 uses. Don't know if edible ink comes in cartridges for this newer printer now. I had to buy another MG5320 at a higher price instead.
Stamped on the bottom is "use by 4/25/17".
BPA-free packaging PCC has confirmed that the following canned food manufacturers have BPA-free packaging: Amy's Kitchen Eden beans, beans and grains, chili Edwards and Sons/Native Forest coconut milk, pineapple chunks and corn Hatch Chile Co. sauces and peppers Meyenberg Goat Milk Muir Glen tomatoes Nature's One organic powdered infant formula Sweet Creek tuna (in glass jars) Wild Planet canned tuna Zevia natural sodas
4oz of water per scoop
No. You can store the can of powder for up to eight weeks with the plastic lid on. The mixed milk you store in the fridge. If you have the powder longer it gets lumpy but I have still used it by letting it set out in the water for an hour then mixing.
Hi, The suggested serving size is a 1/4 cup or 28 grams. Of course, you may prefer to use more or less per your taste. All the best
No, just peanuts and other tree nuts.
Yes, you can cook with them or just eat them out of the bag. They are really good for baking--I use them in an oatmeal almond bread I make--but I also like them on my oatmeal or as a yogurt topping.
no, they are natural.
I know for sure that it has a expiration date clearly mentioned.
Quite awhile after you receive them. I keep them in the freezer. I toast some on a cookie sheet, until lightly browned, and use them on top of muffins, and in lettuce salads. They taste wonderful toasted. So.. I use only about one or two cups, toast them, and use them toasted. The rest of the bag stays in the freezer. In the freezer, they're good for six months.
I called the company. And the answer is yes. They told me it's the law.
Probably need to visit their website www.marianinut.com for that info.
I don't know.
Does not need to be refridgerated until opened.
It is not. All of the salami included in the bundle are shelf stable and do not require refrigeration until after opened.
4 of mine still have labels, they are 8 oz. each.
I don't know...But if you go to their website maybe you could find out good luck
Yes they are gluten free. Frequently Asked Questions By Volpi Foods Friday, May 11, 2012 Are Volpi products gluten free? Yes, the products are gluten free.
As it says in the description (and can be seen partially in the picture) each salami is 8 ounces.
Nutrition Facts are as follow per bar for Oat Chocolate chip coconut: 5-1.14oz (40g) Bars Calories-180 Total fat-9g Saturated fat-2g, Trans fat-0g Cholestrol-15g Sodium-130g Total carbs-23g Dietary fiber-2g SUGARS-8g Protein-2g
30
Yes, that is correct.
The ingredient list is in one of the thumbnail images to the left of the product picture. You can also find it at www.pamelasproducts.com.
Yes, I did it..and it worked beautifully :)
Yes I would say so. I traced with an edible marker and cut it out.
It is basically same as fondant.
Yes you can write on it and you can use scissors to cut out shspes.
I think that would work fine, just make sure you remove the plastic film form the back before punching the holes. :)
It should, they are very easy to cut, either with scissors or knife.
I am not sure for sure if you could replace. wafer paper does not soften and blend and can cause difficulty cutting. you could try frosting sheets.
yes, certified Kosher.
It's Been over a year but if I recall correctly I think there were 48 of those 2 ounce bottles. I was happy with my order I even ordered another case A month later. For me and was a value because when you go to the store all you Have are the large bottles and you have to destroy those after 48 hours of opening in. It's a waste because you may not use but maybe two or 3 ounces of it then toss over half a bottle. Well at least that's all the use I needed. So these 2 ounce bottles were perfect and they were also perfect for transporting in the diaper bag. Hope this helps. If I have a need I would order again. Oh and delivery was fast.
48 2-fl. oz. bottles.
They are good for a year
According to the packaging, there are 120 calories per serving and 51 servings in total. So total calories for the 4 lb 8 oz bear is 6120. As for carbs - it says 29 grams or 10% of Daily Value. Hope this helps.
No. It tastes like gummy bears.
It depends. I was just by myself, so i knew it would take me awhile to eat it. So i just got a large sharp knife, and cut into smaller chunks. Then put them in a large ziplock freezer bag. Keeps the pieces fresh plenty long enough. And no, its not really messy at all. Its gummy.
No it is not. Usually the gelatin to make gummy is derived from beef and pork bones.
#1 has sodium nitrITE (ITE) #2 has sodium nitrATE (ATE) Please let me know if this helps.
This product is no. 1 Prague powder sodium nitrite. Great for curing bacon, corned beef, etc.
The ingredients are salt and sodium nitrate. It is used only for curing meats. Not for seasoning or eating it. After curing your meat with pink salt, you wash it off, and do so prior to cooking. Contrary to the description above, your meat is not instantly ready to cook after application. Its used to make homemade bacon, hams, etc. Its a fine product but you need to know how to use it. Many recipes are available online. For a great example, google Ruhlman homemade bacon. Michael Ruhlman is the chef author of the book "Charcuterie" which Amazon recommends with D.Q. curing salts as "often bought together".
This is bomba rice. It's grown in the specific region of Calasparra, which allows the rice to be called Calasparra. It's supposed to have the best soil, amount of sunshine, right elevation, etc. to grow rice. But it is basically bomba rice.
It calls for 4 parts broth to one part rice. So if you are making 1 cup of rice you would use four cups of water.
I served paella 8 but had enough leftover for at least 4-5 more.
At Carmen & Lola we usually ship this item through USPS Priority Mail so it takes from two to four days to be delivered. Thanks for your interest in our products.
Carmen and Lola offers free shipping on this item for all Continental US. Thanks for your interest on our products. Have a niceday!
its not BOMBA
I checked with AZ Chia products and below is a statement from their website: Chia is grown in most countries of the Americas, from Mexico to Argentina. "Our seed comes from South America, with the seed stock originating in Mexico". Hope this helps.
They are grown in Argentina and they were labelled organic but there is no indication they are non-GMO though I suspect that it is very unlikely that Chia has any GMO efforts behind it
I have thrown the bag away, but the product was as good as others I have tried.
It is not made from corn. I use it without any gastrointestinal problems. It is a sugar alcohol and many plants have naturally occurring sugar alcohols. Pears, sake, watermelon, grapes and wine have naturally occurring erythritol in them. Some other sugar alcohols have gastrointestinal side effects, but erythritol is not usually one of them. If you are on a low carb diet, honey has carbs, and although natural and a good sweetner, it is still a sugar.
I use the Zero Erythritol packets in my coffee almost daily. It tastes more like sugar than Stevia. Sometimes I combine and other times I alternate between the Zero and stevia. I like both.
Loose powder in the bag, doesn't taste like stevia to me.
I would dissolve it in the warm tea before you add ice. It should never crystalize once dissolved.
Here's what I found: http://wholesomesweeteners.com/AboutUs
It is granular. It may not be as course as some sweetners. But if you are baking, it doesn't give the baked goods the texture we have come to expect from sugar. It tastes good.
No after taste at all. It's just like sugar but less sweet.
No
That's exactly what it's for. Sugar replacement.
Yes. Quoting from my package, on the front of label (that little blue square at the lower right side of the Zero" it says, "NON GMO verified by nongmoproject.org"
This is a bulk package, so you can make as much or as little as you want. Very easy to make--you don't need to be a mathematician to figure out servings. When you make them, the ratio of liquid to pearls is that you use twice as much liquid. When I open them up I transfer them into a plastic container. They keep really well so you don't have to worry about them going bad.
Right on the box: Potatoes, salt, partially hydrogenated canola oil, mono and diglycerides, artificial color, natural and artificial flavor, freshness preserved with sodium bisulfite and BHT.
Yes, these are the same.
You use twice the amount of liquid (water) as pearls. As to how many to make for 5 people, it depends on how big of an eater they are. 5 cups of water and 2 1/2 cups of pears probablly will be too much for 5 people. I would maybe try 4 cups of water and 2 cups of pearls.
No!! They are fully dried and do not need refrigeration, at any time while they are in the dry state. Once you add water and re-hydrating them yes they need to be refrigeration.
I have had them last months in my pantry after opening. About four or five helpings worth can last a few weeks after hydration in my fridge.
Hot Tap water
Yes!! They are gluten free, they are dried shredded potatoes only.
No way Costco has a 3-1/2 lb bag for 6.29. Impossible.
I wish I could look on the label and answer the question, but I ate them all ha . . I can say this, I like them so much because they don't pick them until they are ripe, and therefore they are sweeter than the other brands. I also know they are much fresher than the ones you buy from the bins. Hope that helps . Jim
Yes
One large bag.
I too was very concerned about country of origin AS THE PRODUCT IS NOT so labeled. I contacted the seller and after two emails back and forth was told: China. I asked if Pumpkin seeds were available from US and was told that this product is not available other than from China. I wish I knew if that was true. I am not happy buying food from China where I know that many ecological conditions are very bad. Oh well, I will use up the big package and in several months try hard again to find this product from U.S. source.
They do not appear to be Gerbs brand. It appears to be a "bait and switch" advertising gerbs brand then sending generic brand instead
Ready to eat out of the bag.
Hello Isabelle. The ones I had purchased previously came in a different bag. I kept the bag because it had a much better quality re-sealer. The back of the bag states: "Packaged in the same facility as peanuts, tree nuts, soy and milk products." Just to add, I have allergies to peanuts and tree nuts and these seeds did not effect me at all. I am on my 3rd bag of them too.
What you receive are the green shelled pumpkin seeds. They are not tiny; larger than sunflower seeds but smaller than almonds. Big white pumpkin seeds still are in their shells so the green ones are much more convenient to use.
Yes, this is the kernel only--shells have been removed.
Bought March 2015 exp. in Nov. '15.
I have no idea about nut free facility but was dissipointed to find out they came from China, which opens up a lot of questions about them to me. They should specify domestic or imported.
Yes, at least I didn't taste any salt. I always try to stay away from it.
No
I use mine for tea frequently. Works best with loose leaf
Do people understand coffee brewing? Any brewing method that doesn't pass the brewed coffee through some sort of paper (etc.) filter is going to have "sediment". No method of grinding coffee beans exists that will result in zero sediment with the grounds, if you want zero sediment you have to filter through something that will block small particles. And consequently you reduce the perceived "strength" of the brewed coffee. Now, "grounds" in your brewed coffee, that's another issue entirely and does indicate something wrong. It may be that your ekobrew (or whatever) isn't properly sealed somewhere which allows grounds to get out during the pressurized water injection of brewing with a Keurig. Various Keurig brewers (randomly affecting every model, and not consistently affecting everyone) seem to suffer not making a tight seal at the top where the water needle pokes into k-cup. You could of course return your brewer and state it is defective and get another which may or may not have the same issue. Or do a bit of searching about for cures and find the simple solution of inserting a $.03 nylon washer (any hardware store) above the rubber gasket that surrounds the needle (thus sealing against the top of the k-cup). Everyone in my family has a k-cup brewer of some sort now, some of us have been affected and some have not, but the thin nylon washer trick has always cured the issue when present. For less than $.25 I bought an assortment of different thickness nylon washers and have cured this issue every time.
From what I can see the b130 is not listed as one of the compatible machines. Best bet would be to call the ekobrew people to make sure before you order.
I can't speak to whether the ekobrew is better or worse than the Keurig version, but the problem you experience when using the Keurig reusable cup is easy to solve. There's a "donut" rubber gasket that fits around the steel hot water injection tube that pierces the top of a standard K-cup in your brewer. Through use, this gasket gets pushed up and as a result it doesn't seal properly against the top of the reusable K-cup. To fix the water from escaping the top of the Keurig reusable cup, gently pull the gasket downward until it's close to - but not off of - the injector tip. Don't worry about pulling it down too far - the K-cup and your machine will fix this. Just close it gently.
B31 is compatible according to the EcoExpert Blog http://www.ecofriendlylink.com/blog/ekobrew-coffee-is-it-green-and-eco-friendly/#.Tz_86VxSQ0E
I was using this for the 3rd time in my B40 and apparently I bent the needle in the black peice of the Keurig, causing us to go through several K-cups of hot chocolate for my kids before realizing it was messed up. We bent the needle back & it'll work, but there's no doubt that it's just a matter of time before I'll need to order that peice for the Keurig. I'm hesitant to use the ecobrew again...what did you do to ensure it was fitting right?
I have the Mr Coffee KG5 and it works in it, you just have to close it by pulling the little latch down instead of the top.
I found that if you pack the grounds it goes into the cup very slowly. I just spoon in the grounds and tap the EKOBREW on the counter. The more tightly packed the slower it brews.
I don't know about hot chocolate, but I use it for tea all the time. I place a tea bag (usually Teatly British Blend round tea bags), centered in the bottom of the ecobrew. Makes a great cup of tea, even on the large cup setting. I will also often place a fruit flavored herbal tea bag on top of the regular tea bag (fits fine, no problem), and have a great cup of flavored tea. Hope this helps.
I just purchased the B70 and the Ekobrew cups... I have 'No' problems with seating, closing nor brewing. I'm not sure why some people are having problems, other than a manufacturing problem. Make sure there are no little plastic nubs left behind from clean-up after the molding process.
there are 2 26.5-oz jars
There is no Italian on the package. I would assume that means it is not the Italian version. It tastes like nutella.
No....2 jars for $10.98
Hi Joselito, Our Nutella is fresh! We purchase directly from the factory giving you the longest possible shelf life. We understand that purchasing food items via the internet can have it's own unique set of challenges. Feel free to ask any other questions and I'll be more than happy to answer them for you.
Expiration dates change as stock is updated.
Plastic
Yep.
My last order placed July 1, 2014 has an expiration date of March 2015.
Depends. If you like it, yes! I tend to use it as a dessert-like substitute--a spoonful as a meal finisher. That means it lasts a loooong time.
Yes it can. The trick with the air popper is to plug it in and let it run for a minute or two to heat it up. Then drop the popcorn in and it will pop perfectly.
Thanks for the great question! It's very much like your first description, where the hulls stick out off one end of the ball, making it very easy to flick them off as you eat them or even to hold while you put the ball part into your mouth and bite. We liken it to eating a strawberry with the cap still on where you hold the green leafy cap and bite the berry off leaving the leafy bit still in your fingers. Popped properly, according to our instructions, it would be rare to have hard bits "inside". Please contact us for Personalized Popping Support if you don't get the results we expect. Note that not every kernel will pop into a ball shape, but the overwhelming majority should.
It will not come out as "mushroom" shape. Microwave is not hot enough to pop the kernel into mushroom.
It's just popcorn. The label notes: 'Non-GMO Gourmet Popcorn Kernels'. Again: just popcorn. As for whether it includes gluten, there is clearly none added. For a definitive answer, present your question to a nutitionist; or pay a food-testing laboratory to provide a full, detailed chemical composition. Bottom line: It's just popcorn. If you add your own toppings or other goop, then it's on you.
I don't know, I can't keep it long enough, to plant, it is so good, sorry I'm not much help
I would say yes. The only ingredient is corn kernels.
Popcorn kernels from JustPoppin are NOT processed with peanuts or tree nuts. We have a dedicated facility free of these allergens. HOWEVER - please be sure that you are buying JUST POPPIN Mushroom Popcorn with the Tru-POP logo. Amazon frequently rolls other listings of inferior products into our listings - selling product as if it was from Just Poppin. We have no control over this so please take care to check your shopping cart before you check out to make sure your product is shipping from Just Poppin.
Of course it's gluten free! kefir--both the milk and water types--consist of long chains of polysaccharides (i.e. sugars) and nothing more than what you add to it which would be milk or water and sugar in this case. Edited to say that kefir "grains" are referred to as "grains" only because that's what they look like, not because they're actual grains.
Foam is normal. Even some little brownish strands. Just spoon the gross looking stuff off and disgard, its just yeast. My favorite so far is to bottle with Organic Pear Nectar...
The sugar is to nourish the grains and most of it will be consumed by them when it's ready to drink. The sugar content that is left varies according to many factors. For example, the temperature and length of time for fermentation can affect the amount. It isn't an exact science. Hungry grains aren't happy grains.
Metal is a no no, could be what killed them. Use cheesecloth or a coffee filter, anything but metal!!! Also white sugar will kill them I found out. I use only organic cane sugar and they do awesomely well.
For a sweeter kefir only ferment the grains for 24 hours. The longer you leave the graing fermenting the more sugar the grains consume leaving you with a more vinegary flavor. As to the fizz, don't leave your second ferment tightly covered and you will have a flat drink....similar to what happens with soda pop.
found this on a site: Keifr Can my Kefir corm get contaminated? Usually the Kefir corm is a capable symbiosis of various kinds of yeast and micro-organisms, which is quite able to counter any outside attack. This is the main reason why the Kefir could prevail this long on this planet. However, if you should find that your Kefir drink tastes differently you should be very cautious. It may prove prudent to dispense with the odd one and start a new culture.
Using boiled water that has been cooled along with mineral drops is important. Are you doing these things?
I have only ever used organic cane sugar, supplemented occasional with a teaspoon of unsulfured blackstrap molasses. I know you can use other sugars like coconut sugar, etc, though I've never tried. I've never tried with sugar alternatives, artificial or natural sweeteners like stevia, so I couldn't give you any advice there. Honey will eventually diminish the health of your cultures, due to it's natural antimicrobial/bacterial properties. One thing I will say, when brewing the kefir, the cultures will process the sugar that is in your mix: so even if you're adding a third cup of sugar to the grains, after 48 hours there will be less sugar in the brew. When you bottle it after the 48 hour brew cycle, then you can add whatever you want. It'd be worth experimenting with! good luck!
No, mine came like that too. Just rinse them in cool water a couple of times ( I used an aquarium fish net) and you should be good to go. It'll take a couple of cycles for them to perk up and start multiplying but don't give up.
Can you look at your order? It should tell you if you ordered the dehydrated ones or not. I would also think there would be instructions on how to rehydrate them too. Mine are not a bright white either and have an amber hue. If they are soft and squishy I would say they aren't dehydrated. Follow the directions enclosed with the package and you'll have plump little water kefirs in no time. I wouldn't postpone putting them in the sugar water though, they need to be fed.
Hi Kathryn: I just rinse the seeds off before the initial soaking. I believe they are organic, so they should be fine. But contact The Sprout House if you are worried. Best, Sarah
Thank you for your question. The Sprout House sells certified organic non-GMO seeds for sprouting. Our seeds were specifically selected for sprouting. We work with certified organic farmers and suppliers to get fresh seeds for sprouting. I have never grown any of our seeds to a fully mature plant. I do not know what will happen if you do. The Sprout House markets and sells seeds for sprouting. Thank you Sprout Lady Rita
I don't know, but I think 1 T sounds about right. You will find out after the first trial if you need to use more or less. I use a different sprouter, so I would not know about the sproutmaster. Experiment and you'll find out.
I don't know what 'system' the Victorio sprouting tray uses. I have used the Handy Pantry 3 Tray Stackable Sprout Garden by Handy Pantry for months and only used the Sprout House Certified seeds, various packages. I have had 98% of the seeds sprout, regardless of type of seed, consistently and never had less than 98%. The Stackable Sprout Garden trays I use enable me to soak the seeds according to the times that are suggested, and then to flip the trays over and put the soaked seeds into the self draining side that I rinse two or three times a day. The seeds are always covered with the dark green plastic of the tray above it (the top tray #4 simply acts as a lid) keeps the seeds/sprouts in the dark except when rinsing but allows good air circulation. The seeds are always at room temperature, 68 - 72 degrees from the time of soaking to harvesting the sprouts. The sprouts always grow in the expected time and I have even allowed them to grow extra tall to good results. I'm very favorably biased with how these trays were perfectly engineered to do all this in a very small space, with no water spillage and get 98% sprouting. Hopefully something I have described will shed a clue on why you are not getting full sprouting. Good luck.
I imagine so, just keep clean by rinsing daily.
I really don't know about the 'mixes', but I believe there are options for buying a specific seed if that's what you wish. You could try contacting Sprout House directly. All I know is that I've never had a failure with their materials. The seeds produced in abundance. I love it, and want to get some specific seeds to start early for planting.
it's a salad mix. To me that implies mixed greens. If you want to grow separate plants you will need to buy separate seeds. hope that helps
They are all mixed together.
If you water twice a day, alternate the position of the 4 trays each time you water, and make sure the holes are not stopped up each time you wash, I don't know what else to tell you. Mine has no problems growing and I usually have an edible crop in 4 days.
I dont currently have a bottle of sprouts in my cabinet to check the date. That being said, I check the expiration on everything and I didnt send them back so I would say at least 3-4 months. (or I would have contacted seller to return).
While I don't know if the place they were made has those, the pops themselves did not contain any.
They are small like the size of any sucker you'd see. I don't have exact dimensions but would say no more than 2 inches across.
I couldn't remember for sure so I went and looked them up on Oriental Trading's site....Here is what I found.....Includes a 2" pop on a 4" plastic stick. Blueberry flavor. Good luck Terra!
It's a Japanese product.
Miso should be refrigerated after opening. I have transferred the contents of my open packet to a glass airtight container. Should be good for up to about 8 months. The still "new" sealed packet is stored in my pantry.
Yes, it is similar. I like that it tastes salty so I don't need extra salt in my recipes.
No - the proteins in the soybeans, once fermented, break down and form some natural glutamates. These are a natural source of the umami flavor that MSG imparts, but MSG is synthetically derived, while fermented foods (like miso, kimchi, aged steaks and cheeses) have from protein breakdown.
It keeps for a very long time. It should be fine if you have kept it in the refrigerator. Basically miso is fermented soy.
I dont know if it is unpasteurized, but miso is a fermented product so it should last a long time regardless of pasteurization. As a side note, the flavor of this product was not as good as some miso's I have tried from our local organic grocery.
Kernel is the coconut itself. Dr. Bronner has two types of coconut oil, whole kernel and white kernel, the difference? Whole Kernel uses the brown skin that is between the coconut and its shell, while White Kernel doesn't.
Glass jar
It's detectable, yes, but slight. After cooking with it the taste is unrecognizable.
As far as I know, this product is raw as in not processed.
John, I used some on my hands. It went on smooth and doesn't feel very greasy. I haven't used it enough to know if it helps soften the skin or not. I have also used it on one of my dogs who has lost a lot of her fur. It helped soften her skin as well and probably would do a better job on her except she loves the taste so licks it off.
Not sure but my fog loves this one and it does help her skin and coat.
Try placing it in a cabinet. I keep mine under the sink and it stays solid.
Yes, make sure to use on a hot day, direct sunlight helps. Grass is more resistant to vinegar than some weeds and may require multiple treatments. I was able to kill some grass with the first application, but only if I mowed it first. The first application will cause it to die back regardless, but for permanent removal apply at least twice.
It can be diluted for cleaning 50-50. As an herbicide it needs to be used full strength. Just wear gloves the acidity is hard on the skin and will burn.
No. It is used as a plant and weed killer. It will burn your skin if you get any on you. It is not to be ingested.
Pretty much right away. The vinegar acts to break down the coating of the leaf that keeps in water and the sprayed plant wilts quickly, especially in hot sun. There is no residual effect on the soil that would have the same effect on future growth. The vinegar will acidify the soil somewhat. My advice would be to wait a day or so until the vinegar smell goes away and water the area to dilute acidification.
I think there is quite a bit of technique in using the vinegar, including season and plant to control. I'm trying to get rid of a Very invasive vine. First one I tried it on, I dug down to the roots and poured in vinegar. A month later it was growing again (but it did set it back a bit). Then I tried a method I saw on the net - cut the end of the vine and immerse it in vinegar, letting the vine suck up the vinegar. That seems to kill that arm for sure but there are so many plants spread so far that that method is too labor intensive, so I'm going to be digging up about 200 sq ft this winter to get to the roots. So My advice is: research on the net to find the best method for your particular problem plant.
Somewhat, I have found that a base actually works better. If you are having a really difficult time use a lye based oven cleaner. Just don't get any on you or certain kinds of metal finishes.
A new variation adds dish detergent (1 to 2 Tbsp) to 1 gallon of 5% vinegar as a weed killer. Sprayed directly on weeds, the detergent (Dawn original, I have heard, but any brand should work, I think) allows the vinegar to stick to the leaves. Having not tried this, I wonder whether the stronger level of acid is necessary, at all. This does not work on the roots, however, so the way to kill the weed is to spray the next wave of leaves, thereby preventing photosynthesis, which creates the starch that the roots exchange for nutrients provided by the living organisms in the soil. I will be trying the 5% vinegar/detergent solution on that stubborn wad of broadleaf grass growing tall in a cinder block chamber, but after it stops raining here. I may revise my opinion about the advisability of 20% vinegar. Stay tuned. ANSWER: The vinegar will affect whatever it contacts, but if the detergent holds it to the weed, the bush roots might be safe. If the weed has broad leaves, I would suggest painting on the solution rather than hit-or-miss spraying. Again 20% may be overkill.
I used it to kill some very stubborn fungus growth on my lawn. Did a great job. I think it would kill just about anything you put it on.
I use it for crab grass in spots all over my yard. It kills what it touches, but good news/bad news it doesn't last. I've had to retreat the crab grass and clumps eventually get smaller, but I cannot see any grass loss. I will continue to use it for weeds.
I think it will work, but you will probably need multiple treatments. I used this successfully for the weeds & grass around my tree, but those roots were much shallower. Good luck.
4 scopes = 1 gallon scope is in the can
It's Gatorade without the water, so it has all of that. The ingredients can be seen in the Nutritional Facts picture.
Could experiment and try what you do with brown sugar... place a very small piece of bread in there and wait. Next morning you should have it unclumped.
All I can tell you it is the lite blue one in color pick up a bottle in the grocery store and try it before you order
More like tangerine. Yummy.
Knock knock. Who's there? Someone who doesn't know how to look at the product images.
Don't buy it from amazon, they sent it broken and opened and then ignored me and I never got a refund, they have the nerve to ask me to review it haha
iHerb.com sells this bag for $11.04...$20 and over ships free.
It is roasted peanuts with most of the oil removed, leaving a powder. Here's how it compares to a store-brand peanut butter (2 tablespoon serving of each): Calories 35 (peanut flour):190 (peanut butter) Total fat 2g:16g Total carb 4g:7g Protein 8g:8g
No, I don't actually know, but peanuts come in a shell so any pesticides used would not be in the final product anyway. I use this stuff and love love love it.
I would say it was medium to strong, but not overpowering
No, I kept mine in a canister in the pantry.
I read somewhere it was GMO although it does not say in the package. It is produced in a facility that produces tree nuts and peanuts.
Corn and Lime. OH and delicious. Lots of delicious.
this is what I found on Bob's Red Mill website: "To assure the integrity of all of our Gluten Free products, we adhere to a standard of no more than 19 parts per million of gluten. We've even built a separate Gluten Free packaging division complete with specialized machinery to make sure that our products maintain their purity--just as nature intended. By going to these lengths, we're able to ensure that folks with wheat allergies, celiac disease and gluten intolerance can trust that our products are safe to consume." I hope that answer your question.
Yes, it also adds some cornbread like flavor but be careful or you will have chili blocks! Mix with water before adding so you won't get clumps in your chili. I use this instead of cornstarch, which plays havoc with my G I system.
I use the whole grain to make pancakes and waffles. I don't believe they would make tortillas very well but I have not tried. I suppose you can make tortillas out of any flour. I'm just not sure. Sorry.
I get about 50 small tortillas per bag.
I have the package of this product right here which states on the back label: "Ingredients: dried cherries, sugar (as a natural preservative), sunflower oil (to prevent clumping)."
I am pretty sure there is no sulphur
The package says: 31 g per serving (1/3 cup) (40 grams)
None listed on pkg...just cherries, sugar & sunflower seed oil!
The ingredients are dried cherries, sugar and sunflower oil.
I use this frequently in my chocolate pies and I was really disappointed that Nestle is not making it any more. It is so convenient.
8 - 1oz pack
There are 8 pack of 1oz per box. It depends on how many boxes that you ordered.
Yes, if you are using unsweetened baking chocolate squares; however, the best substitution I've found for liquid baking chocolate is to mix cocoa powder with oil (I have found that coconut oil or melted shortening works best, or a mix of the two). 1 packet of liquid baking chocolate = 3 level Tbsp. of cocoa + 1 Tbsp. of oil/shortening = 1 oz. square of unsweetened baking chocolate
That is expiration date. You will get the best result by using the product before that date.
Non
You are RIGHT! I didn't even notice until I checked the bag just now. Amazon does say 100% organic in the description, so I'm going to complain. I went to Bob's Red Mill site and it does NOT say their potato flakes are organic. I'm very disappointed. Thank you for bringing it to my attention, I probably would have ordered more.
Serving size of 1/3 cup. 26 servings per pkg.
Best to contact Bob's Redmill. It wasn't listed though. We use it as a starch for one of our dogs who has protein losing enterapathy and can't digest certain oils. Helps him to maintain energy.
No, it's a single 16 oz. package.
It's wrong. They are not organic. Even the Bob's Red Mill website doesn't show any organic potato flakes on their site. Since they make numerous organic products, I'm sure it would say it on the pkg. I wish they were. We eat almost all organic foods. These are a spurge for us. Basically like our take-out night since we don't eat any of that stuff (we're gluten, dairy and chemical preservative free). They are easy and tasty. I add s&p and avocado oil and a but of garlic powder and they're great!
I don't know for sure. Sounds like you may have received the wrong package. Bob's Red Mill will have a green bar through the middle saying "Organic" on their organic products.
I'm sorry. I bought these quite some time ago and I don't know anything about such claims, or allegations they are not true. Just don't u anything about that at all. I ordered them because of not containing sulfites and at a time I could not get my favorite brand which is Honest Earth which we like quite a bit. I don't use a lot of processed food items, but these are convenient to have on hand in the pantry. It can be difficult to navigate around the food industry and labeling. I guess I could have as helpfully just clicked the "Don't know" button.
No, it doesn't.
Fresh Potatoes are Gluten Free, if you boil and mash plain, they freeze very well. The package of Bob's Potato Flakes I bought contain Dehydrated Potatoes and nothing else, which logically I would think are Gluten Free, although the package does not mention that. However, there are some potato flakes with other ingredients in them that might contain some gluten in those added ingredients as mentioned by the person below on June 30, 2014. I suggest you call Bob's Red Mill and check if for yourself, that way you know for sure.
bite size.
Hi, no lard in this product. They are made with butter. They are great!!
Yes. The packing has improved. None of the tart shells were broken upon arrival. Hope you have the same experience. P.S. By chance they are broken, contact Clearbrook Farms directly and they will replace them.
They should be fine. I would definitely order ahead of time because you should probably take into account that some might arrive broken. When my order arrived, the date of expiration wasn't for 6 months.
I will confirm Best-By date when we return to the warehouse. Thank you!
I would think they could handle a short time. They are pre-baked, and I have only used them with cream type filling.
These are a scant 1/2" deep, baked and ready to fill. They have a nice flavor; I was pleased with my purchase.
Not sure of the "official" time for the shelf life. However, I have several packages and have had them on the cabinet shelf for at least 6 months and they are still just as good as the day I got them. They do not lose the taste or texture with the shelf time. I highly recommend these as they are convenient and tasty. I use them for last minute mini desserts. Hope this helps. Betty
The package does not say organic. It says no transfat and no GMOs. Don't know what GMOs are. I bought 16 lbs not realizing how much that was. I keep it in the freezer and almost all of the kernels pop. Its good popcorn.
I think a 2 gallon sized jar should hold it all, with some room left over.
According to this link from Great Northern Popcorn's website: http://greatnorthernpopcorn.com/p-27-great-northern-popcorn-125-pounds-bulk-gnp-original-yellow-gourmet-popcorn.aspx it is non-GMO. It is wonderful popcorn!!!
It is definitely not a resealable bag. What I do is, I have one big plastic container to store half the bag. Then I tie the end of the bag, then store it in the pantry. Popcorn still remains fresh!
This popcorn, pop large and its don't get all in your teeth, like the others.
We use it almost everyday and love it.
The packaging suggests coconut oil for best results.
Virtually, Yes! Very sporadic hulls are ever in evidence. As I wrote, this is one of the tastiest most tender, large kernel popcorn I've ever eaten. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
Shipping is free to the lower 48 United States. If you are not located in the lower 48 United States, please call (800) 665-0728 for an accurate shipping quote and explanation.
I no longer have the package, but 113 grams equal 1/2 of a cup.
I had the same problem. I have order this several times before and it was fine. Just this last time, we notice little black bugs in the package.
Unless that label is only referring to itself, yes, the corn is also non-GMO.
Many of my bugs in my in my popcorn were alive and crawling all over the popcorn...it was gross.
You could rinse them but make sure they are dried completely before popping them.
It appears to be certified by OCIA at http://www.ocia.org/ It is stamped right on the bag as plan as can be. "Certified Organic by OCIA". If it is not certified by OCIA, then this is misrepresentation.
I don't think so. It was delicious. We eat a lot of popcorn and have switched to organic. This brand was very good.
I don't know if you mean bugs in the general sense of crawly type of infective type but I have had no problem with this brand of popcorn and prefer to take chance against bugs rather then pesticides, chemical additives etc... My opinion. I eat a lot of this popcorn daily and I have nothing but good to say about it. Maybe the health inspectors should focus on GMO's and more important issues the natural. Think about what you put in your body, think about the huge and growing cancer epidemic, do ya think it might have something to do with chemical ingestion???
USDA organic may contain up to 30% GMOs - in all actuality I follow "non-GMO" - I would only prefer it have Non-GMO project certified.
I got two out of my box, but the second harvest was smaller than the first. It was also grown in a much drier location than the first, so I'm guessing that if we'd kept it in the wetter climate at our house, the second harvest might have been bigger.
From their website: https://backtotheroots.com/faq/mushroom-kit#q11 How long can I store the kit before I need to start growing it? The kit will stay fresh in the box for months before you have to start growing your mushrooms. Make sure you keep your kit in a relatively cool area/room that doesn't receive any direct sunlight (i.e., closet, bedroom). After you open it, however, nature will start doing its thing and you'll have to start misting!
Inside. I put it in my kitchen window. I'm sure it would do fine outside too though.
Approximately 1.5 lbs. from my experience. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did!
Back to the Roots only sells oyster mushroom. Other sites offer Shiitakes too.
I grew mine in my kitchen window. It took about 8 days to full maturity. I just pan fry them with butter and garlic.
It does not need to be used right away. You are fine keeping it for a few weeks before beginning the process.
I haven't tried growing the other side yet. We had a major forest fire right after my first harvest, so everything was put on hold. But i had an incredible amount of mushrooms from my first harvest. And even though I quit misting the box, another very large shroom grew out of the box. I'll try the other side soon, after soaking it. Most of all, I learned how to grow these delicious mushrooms. As I live in the forest with many decaying logs around, I can order some spores and have a large harvest. I'm very glad I tried this first.
they are edible and actually very tasty. My batch did not produce very many for whatever reason. I had one crop...so basically I paid the equivalent of $20ish for $0.50 worth of store bought. They did taste better than store though
harvest as soon as ripened or they get hard
There is NO salt in the product.
The back label states "GMO free, preanut free, and gluten free. There is an Allergan warning for nuts though.
The sunflower kernels are grown and processed in China. We do package them in our own warehouse. Thanks for your inquiry.
Thanks for this information, I am specifically looking for seeds organic NOT from China. Is it just me or is it not very strange that one cannot find pumpkin seeds from the US? Even more curious is why they are almost always from China. I have found them from Mexico but not organic.
The company emailed me and said it is TRUE that the seeds ARE from China. The company is in Madera, CA. http://www.buyorganicnuts.com/products/pumpkin-seeds
you can eat straight out of the bag. No hulls, if that means shells.
No one loves shopping at Amazon more than I do, but these tortillas can be purchased for 1/3rd this price at Netrition. If Amazon got close on the price, I'd buy them here for the convenience of using my Prime account.
ngredients: water, whole wheat flour, low carb flour (wheat gluten, corn starch, oat fiber, soy flour, soy oil, isolated soy protein, sesame flour, salt, calcium sulfate, sodium acid pyrophosphate. Contains 2% or less of: dextrose, sodium bicarbonate, fumaric acid, calcium propionate (preservative), potassium sorbate, sucralose, and sodium metabisulfate). Vegetable shortening (palm oil, vegetable mono & diglycerides, polysorbate 60). Baking powder (sodium bicarbonate, corn starch, sodium aluminum sulfate, calcium sulfate, monocalcium phosphate). Salt, sodium propionate (to preserve freshness), fumaric acid, and dough conditioner (sodium metabisulfate, microcrystalline cellulose and dicalcium phosphate).
3 net carbs. They are great!
7 total carbs, 3 net.
Try letting them get to room temperature and then put wax paper or parchment paper in between them. I portioned every meal days in advance so I never encountered that problem. I hope this helps.
small 7" maybe
Yes, it is caffeine free. It is also Certified Organic and Kosher.
What I have received has been.
I have never tried their bulk tea. But I really enjoy this tea.
Yes! It's a lovely dark red, my favorite is to drink it over ice. I have a pitcher in my refrigerator most of the time...
Yes my husband drinks it and it has helped lower his blood pressure and he loves it
It says on the box that it is an herbal tea. It's really good. A little tart but I put in a bit of sugar.
As far as I know. I do trust the packaging.
I do not include the calyces.
Since the tea has strong flavor and color I made as ice tea, but I mixed with red rasberry leaf organic (boiled first to make tea)(StarWest Botanicals) to reduce my cholesterol. Drink it two three time a day. Make sure you have food in your stomach because it is a little sour. I stop taking pills choleserol.
There is no nutritional info on package, but I would assume this herbal tea is similar to black tea which has no calories. The addition of sweeteners will create the calories.
No
Yes, they come 60 tea bags to a box. It's wonderful tea; you will love it. Enjoy!
It does not say gluten-free but I believe it is it's all natural
The tea is shipped from Michigan. The delivery takes 2-6 business days via USPS or FEDEX within the US. For Australian orders, the tea is shipped from Sydney.
the ingredients are green tea bamboo leaves jiaogulan and Eugenia leaf I use it to lower my blood pressure and it has worked .It is a tea not capsule
100 individually packaged tea bags
Du's Tea capsules are currently running out of stock due to the popularity, so it is 'temporally' not available on Amazon.
China
We generally ship all orders in 48 hours after confirmation of customer's order. Thank you for your interest.
hmm...cannot remember and didn't count..package is about 3 inch width, 5 or 6 inch tall..maybe 50-70(??) pieces...? really not sure about the counts..
I mix this with other herbs/flowers and white tea. I usually put no more than five or six buds in my tea pot. I've never made tea with only the rose buds.
Madagascar is just where they're grown. They splits are usually more flavorful and better for making vanilla extract.
There are a least 100 beans or more. And you only need three or four to make 8 oz of extract and they send you a recipe with the beans in how to make an extract. I have more than I know what to do with.
You do not have to, but it does help
Probably, I used mine to make vanilla extract pretty soon after i got them, but I have some others in a bag that seem to be keeping fine.
The only reason this would happen is if there was no water added. I have microwaved hundreds of these noodle bowls with not a single incident
There is more sodium in this product than your average variety noodle bowl....good product, but sodium makes the product less healthy for you. .
It is, but not too much difference. (Unless you're really sensitive about the spicy taste)
Since when does Ramen come with chopsticks? I mean maybe in Thailand, but then you'd be eating real ramen and not pre-packed chemicals in a bowl.
It's great you asked me this! I bought this for someone else but have beef allergies so I'm always on the lookout. This definitely has beef, so does the chicken flavored needle bowl by the same brand. Nissan and maruchan have no beef in their chicken products, also Sapporo ichiban also does not. The udon noodles it's hit or miss. Best of luck!
It's the demand for it. So hard to keep in stock and if I'm not mistaken we may be the cheapest on Amazon.
I suppose it's a way to add flavor enhancement by using nucleotides to replace the MSG so that they can put "no MSG added" on the label.
Too much (760mg), but they still taste good (I often drain the noodles after cooking to cut down my sodium intake).
The beef extract adds a depth of flavor that is difficult to achieve with strictly vegan ingredients. I've tried the Thai Kitchen Roasted Garlic Bowl, which I believe is vegan, but found the flavor a bit flat and uninteresting. Good luck in your search for vegan yumminess!
I have tried it for high temp pan searing and I was pleasantly surprised that it did not smoke. Avocado oil has a stated smoke point of 500 degrees F and seems to warrant that rating. The taste is also quite good. I will order again when needed.
I can't answer to whether it's expeller pressed or not but it is extra virgin, so your guess is as good as mine. As for the GMO issue, I have not heard (so far) that any avocado tree has ever been genetically modified.
Hi Min He, for some reason they made a snafu in the description. I can assure you that I received 2 bottles of extra virgin avocado oil of the finest quality. I use it for just about everything and it's delicious.
I use this product and am very happy with it, but the packaging provides no information as to the heating temperature used during refinement. My best guess is it is heated above the "raw food" temperature limit of 115 degrees or I don't think the oil would be able to be extracted. Even so, the oil is high in vitamin E and Omega fatty acids.
No, treat it as you would olive oil.
The label does not read cold pressed. Here is phone number on label to call: 877-826-2872
The bottle is glass, not sure about the date but for the money this a decent Avocado oil.
January 2015
Not sure where Certo comes in......my order shows that name also in the order title, but nowhere on the package.Package shows brand as Baker's, distributed by Kraft foods, Product of Canada. It's the same Baker's unsweetened you find in grocery stores as far as I can tell.
yes and yes. need it to make Beacon Hill Brownies!
Yes, just as the box says.
Expensive and not my favorite recipe, but here goes: Melt 8 oz of chocolate with 1 Cup of butter in a double boiler over low heat. Stir(don't beat) constantly. When smooth remove from heat. In a large mixing bowl beat eggs sugar and vanilla at high speed until well beaten almost fluffy. Switch to low speed and just blend in the chocolate mix. Then carefully blend in the flour until there are no specks or streaks. Stir in the nuts and pour into a 13x9 pan. Bake at 375 for 35 to 40 minutes. Let the brownies cool in the pan before removing or cutting otherwise you are like to end up with a pile of brownie crumbs and chunks.
Yes! 12 boxes, 8oz. each. It's a great deal because right now Baker's has changed their packaging to 4 oz. for nearly the same price (here where I live anyway).
Some packages were wrapped in foil while others were wrapped in paper.
Same chocolate, don't know what Certo means.
Yes it is!
Yes, and they were soooo good and fresh! A recommended purchase.
They're really REALLY good!
They are not expired. Although they are now mostly eaten.
Yes, i shipped 11 units.
One jar.
Steam. I contacted the company. "Our almonds are conventionally grown - conventionally grown products, use fertilizers and pesticides which allow for higher yield, out of season growth, greater resistance, and greater longevity. After growth, the almonds used in our natural almond flour are then steam pasteurized. The blanched almonds are considered pasteurized when they go through the blanching process (which uses steam to remove the skins to get the white color of blanched flour). Additionally, all of our almonds are non-GMO."
Almond flour should be kept in a cool place and a relative humidity of 50-60%. I use almond flour on a regular basis so I keep a 2lb canister on the counter in a shady corner and the rest I put in gallon or 1/2 gallon glass mason jars in the freezer or refrigerator(I got this tip from Elana Amsterdam) Keep in mind that when you bring almond flour out of the refrigerator that it will be a clumpy mess until it hits room temp (which is why I always have some on the counter ready for use!). Almond flour stored like this is good for up to 6 months and sometimes longer though I confess it doesn't sit around for too long at my house! It is a wonderful flour to work with and plus it is very yummy! I hope this answers your question!
Steam. I asked the company directly.
They are NOT organic, and they are NOT GMO. I contacted the company and this was their reply... "Our almonds are conventionally grown - conventionally grown products, use fertilizers and pesticides which allow for higher yield, out of season growth, greater resistance, and greater longevity. After growth, the almonds used in our natural almond flour are then steam pasteurized. The blanched almonds are considered pasteurized when they go through the blanching process (which uses steam to remove the skins to get the white color of blanched flour). Additionally, all of our almonds are non-GMO."
I use the same amount as you would white flour. You will never know the difference. I have lost 38# and the biggest changes I made was using almond flour instead of white and stevia in place of sugar. Enjoy!
It's very fine texture and it works amazing in baked goods.
I've never refrigerated this bag even once opened. I've kept it around for a few weeks without any issue. However, I don't see how putting it in fridge would hurt it either.
I don't know if it would be good for macaroons, I haven't used it for that. It would be perfectly appropriate for any recipe that calls for almond meal or almond flour.
They usually say if they are.
The package says 6g carbohydrates per 1 ounce serving.
Certainly, we are able to deliver anywhere in the world!
They're the same size as the American bigkat version.
Yes. Ingredients are: Milk chocolate(67%)(Sugar, Dried whole milk, Cocoa butter, Cocoa mass, Lactose and proteins from whey, Whey powder, Vegetable fat, Emulsifier(Sunflower lecithin), Butterfat, Natural vanilla flavouring), Wheat flour, Sugar, Vegetable fat, Cocoa mass, Emulsifier(Soya lecithin), Yeast, Raising agent(Sodium bicarbonate), Salt, Natural flavourings.
They aren't from US if that's what you mean. They taste like they are from Canada.
Yes
They come in a box.
Normally the expiration date is at least 6 months, they never last that long for it to matter to me.
Hi, Judith! Amazon asked me to respond to your question, so here goes......I only buy the smaller package (1.55 oz or 40g) of the ENER-G product because the smaller amount comes in a far better shipping container. You get 50-52 GF communion wafers in a trifold cardboard package that has always kept the wafers from arriving smashed. Friends in larger churches who buy the bigger tub always complain that so many of the fragile wafers break in shipping. Mine never have. I package them up myself by inserting each one into a little zip-lock-type bead bag (available at any craft store in various sizes). Then I take them over to the church in a Rubbermaid container so that the people who set up the altar each week can reach in and add a few GF wafers to the general population of wafers without contaminating the GF ones. As the other gluten-free person in my tiny church and I go up for communion, the Pastor simply hands each of us one of the little bags, we pop ours open and are all set without any fuss. So....expect to find 50-52 wafers in the little package, which is a better deal than buying the big one when you count in all of the smashed wafers the larger tub seems to allow. Another thing, by the by, this vendor has a completely GF free facility......a big deal, if you are a celiac like me. Some of the other vendors offering supposedly GF wafers actually make them in facilities that also make regular wheat-laden wafers. Yikes! Best wishes!
Yes, they look like the standard communion wafer, but are Gluten Free!
1 1/4" is the size of our Gluten Free Communion Wafers.
From what I can remember, I did see one when it arrived, but not on here
No
No
The ones we purchased are gluten free and they are about the size of a quarter. I can not say for sure if the regular wafers are the same, but probably.
I change these out about every six months......there are only three gluten-free people at my small local church (including me) so I purchase the fifty (or thereabouts) size package twice a year. By the end of six months they are indeed somewhat stale, but still work for us. Each wafer is tucked into a tiny plastic bag (I use those little zip-top plastic beading bags that you can buy at craft or beading stores) and then stored all together in a Rubbermaid airtight container that is kept with our altar supplies. Each Sunday the people setting up the altar take out a half dozen or so and put them in with the regular communion wafers for the blessing during the church service. Then each of us GF folks simply takes a GF wafer in its little bag, pops open the bag and eats the then-blessed wafer which has been kept from contamination by the other glutenized wafers. This gives a bit of a longer life to these wafers. I have found that even when stale, when handled like this, these wafers stay intact for use and do not crumble into dust as some other brands do. Hope this helps!
Yes. Gluten free.
depends on which package you order. as little as 25 or as many as 100. bam
I've had Alfalfa sprouts, but I enjoy the variety of Holly's Bean Mix with french lentils, red lentils, green lentils, mung beans, adzuki, and green peas. They have a mild flavor, are easy to grow, and they taste great in salads and sandwiches.
Oh yes! I love to stir fry them in olive oil and splash them with soy sauce when finished. They are delicious raw, steamed or thoroughly stir fried until wilted.
In my experience, as long as it stays in cool and dry place. It can stay good for a year or more
I soak around 8-10 hours. Easiest way is to soak overnight. I have had great success with this amount of time!
It says this package contains 1 pound of seeds.
Hi, it is caught at least 100 miles off the coast of the north Atlantic is what I have found info on.
The expiration on my latest batch of Kirkland Tuna is March 2016...so you have a good shelf life. Enjoy!!
No pull tab lid. Great tuna though. Better than what's available in supermarkets and larger cans too - 7 oz. National brands sold at the supermarket are 4 oz cans. I have received dented cans buying through Amazon.com and Costco.com but the dents didn't affect the contents.
Had lots of cans of this Tuna and had no bits as you described. Was it bits of skin? or some other foreign material? Tell Kirklands and I am sure they will respond. I will be ordering some more so I will check. Still a great product compared to other Tuna brands.
Yes, that's correct.
it's the same tuna you can get at costco..."kirkland brand" . i only ordered it on line because i couldn't get there. when it arrived all but 3 of the cans were extremely dented ! so i wouldn't order again. as for where packed or caught...it doesn't say anything but "dist. by costo seattle washington usa. " kinda off the subject but i had questions about food items from the dollar store so i emailed them a question about food items not saying "made in usa". she told me that by law..food items have to say "where they were made if not made in usa ...so if it doesn't say china...it was made here". kirkland tuna is our favorite and i don't by any other kind but i go to costco to get it.
No this rice is not organic .it is non GMO and Eco farmed whatever that means. The Japonica rice is often dyed so that would also loose it the organic status if that's the case. This rice is a blend of mahogany rice so it is not true Japonica . I have found Lundberg to be a pretty good product but I now only buy organic Japonica rice because of the Potential of dyes being used .
I have been searching the internet to find this answer for you with no luck. I have the package in front of me and searched for any information about the content of arsenic. I did read that it is raised in California, not where cotton was regularly planted which does reduce the amount of arsenic that could be found in the soil from fighting the boll weevil. I actually had no idea that rice and arsenic were a concern until your question, so will keep trying to find the answer. However, I did find a nice statement about the health advantage of the black japonica and posted it below. Seems to be much better for you than other rices. I am sorry I could not really answer your question, will add to this if I find anything later. Black rice is a whole grain, like brown rice, and therefore it contains high levels of protein, Vitamin B and dietary fiber. Black rice also holds high levels of antioxidants which are found in the natural black pigment. Antioxidants like Beta-carotene, Vitamin B and Vitamin E, are natural anti-inflammatory compounds that combat free radicals in the body and reduce the risk of diseases such as cancer and heart disease. Lundberg Black Japonica packs a strong punch with its wealth of nutrients, and its powerful flavor makes it a great main ingredient in desserts, salads and main courses.
Amazon calculates this number. As a seller we do not look at this. Foodies General Store recommeds you look at total cost of item: product cost and shipping costs.
Does not say on package
12lbs of rice- 6 bags are 2lbs each. 32oz. in each bag. Great Rice.
Yes, just add a little more water and cook for longer than you would white rice. Instead of 2x the water, do 2.5x and cook for closer to 40 minutes
On the bag it states that it is manufactured and distributed by organic farmers in California. I love it because it tastes good.
Yes, Anne, it is gluten free.
Three
Palm fruit oil. Although, Kettle almond butter is just almonds and sea salt with no added oil.
I am not sure why it isn't visible, however, here are the list of Ingredients: Almonds, Evaporated Cane Juice, Palm Fruit Oil, Sea Salt. Hope this helps.
Since they are marked kosher, then yes, they are suitable for vegetarians; although not necessarily for vegans. And yes, this would include the sausage flavored one as well.
I'd be open to buying then mailing it to you, but it's up to you.
Each box 3.5 x 2 x .5 inches
Hello. We do ship to Mexico but not all sellers do.
2 Very small pack.
Where is it being delivered to? We ship from NJ.
about 25 in each box
The net weight is 1.2 oz. Maybe two small handfuls. The box was a lot smaller than I had anticipated.
Lol.. Yeah, it's gotta be
Absolutely 100% Gluten free :)
I looked at the individual packets of the SuperMix I have left and the is a date of Sept 19, 2015...so I would say yes it does...you would have to look on the packaging of the SmartMix I suppose to see the date for that.
48 calories
Whatever it was, it cannot be from the Moringa. Moringa is nothing more than a nutrient dense superfood. I'd consider other diet/lifestyle factors or changes you may have made during that time. Omegas, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants do not raise triglycerides.
In a nutshell, don't know. I have always had the XM+ Energy mix sent to me. Never had the Smartmix or Supermix that I could remember. Try them both and find out for yourself. You can always sweeten it w/ Stevia or something else. All the Zija powered mixes can be cut w/ something to make them more palatable if the taste is not to your liking. Personally I have always found the XM Energy drink enjoyable.
Mine were in white boxes with green sides.
I don't understand your question. Please rephrase.
Hi thats the same thing its just new box
I drink mine every other morning now, but when I began, I did drink it every morning for 6-8 weeks because I wanted to see if it was going to make a difference. I wanted to see if it was going to make a difference in the weight loss and inflammation so I felt like I needed more of it in my system to really judge it. Zija says drink daily but the distributor I began buying from said I could try drinking it every other day once I found out if if it worked for me. This schedule works well for me. I don't need the weight loss properties anymore though, just for anti-inflammatory properties and energy. By the way, the seller on Amazon shorted me a package of Zija and when I contacted him, he said would send, but never did. I will not order from him again. You can order directly through Zija online without becoming a distributor. You just enroll as a preferred customer.
Probably not since they don't even disclose all the ingredients. Don't order that pig slop. You can get 100% pure higher quality moringa from Green Virgin Products for way cheaper. Zija is a total scam.
I was going to order these until I saw that the seeds are from China. Thanks for the info!
I called Braga-had assumed all products were grown on their farm. "We grow the pistachio's, the almonds come from a neighbor, the cashews from Vietnam, walnuts-northern ca, pecans come from Missouri." Good question. :)
I do not think it is Kosher certified, but it is not processed, either. So, maybe it is your decision.
They are mostly walnut halves with some quarters or biggish pieces. VERY few small pieces. They are also very fresh tasting.
They are raw
I have no idea, but they are good!
Yes. And sweet. No salt either. Just the real unadulterated thing.
The ingredients list only 'gluten free steel cut oats,' nothing else.
No instructions on box to pre-wash since the dirty outside hulls removed (unlike whole brown rice, which should be pre-washed unless labelled pre-washed). We like these oats not only for gluten-free but also chewy nutty quality---though more water &/or presoaking can make "creamier"--and presoaking shortens steelcut cooking time as well as pre-sprouts steelcut for enhanced nutrition & digestability. We presoak night before in crockpot or rice cooker, then stir in salt & cook quickly on high. A commenter said add raw oats or buckwheat groats to pre-sprout since oats pre-heating destroys the phytase enzyme; but I expect only steamrolled "rolled" oats are pre-heated, not the dehulled steelcut mfr would need to confirm, so in meantime we add raw oats or raw buck"wheat"(not actually wheat, but a legume) groats to these cheaper steelcut for pre-sprouting during the presoak. Next I'm trying non-GMO gluten-free steelcut oats from VitaCost. Hopefully someone soon will sell affordable organic (non-GMO), gluten-free steelcut.
I don't think so. I got them because they are gluten free. They are a bit "grainy" they don't soften up much when cooked. I won't buy them again. I've had better. Perhaps they might cook better if used to bake cookies. I don't know.
Yes, there are microwave instructions on the box. But if you ask me, you kill all the nutritional value by zapping it with a microwave!
I don't notice any difference.
Yes! I do it every nite. 1 rice cooker cup of oatmeal to 1 1/2 cups of water. I add raisins 2 the water & cook it altogether. I use the timer & its waiting 4 me in the morning! Delish!!!
I am not the seller..... I am a buyer who reviewed the product. However, having had the product, I can tell you that these are NOT stale. They are RAW. Raw meaning not cooked. Not cooked meaning soft. The nuts you buy at a grocery store are roasted, which makes them crispier, harder, whatever word you'd like to use. These are RAW, as described in the product name and description. But again, this is just a review, I am not the seller.
Nothing on the bag. I keep mine in the freezer, never have a problem.
egyppt
320
I have no idea. You'd have to ask the supplier. I just bought them and know they are raw. Sorry.
no. raw. you can toast them and add salt if you wish.
It says on the package that it is packed in a facility that processes other nuts and wheat products
No, that isn't normal at all. Mine arrived in perfect condition so if yours arrived in some other state, I would suggest demanding a refund. That isn't sanitary or safe.
It doesn't say on the bag the origin; but you can go to WEGONUTS.COM or call 1-855-934-6868. Hopes this helps.
NO.
approximately 10" x 14" x 2 1/2" However there are 3 bags per order.
There's approx. 8-10 pieces per little package and I don't remember how many were in the bag. I am thinking around 20 in each bag but I'm not sure. I remember thinking it was more than I thought it was going to be.
Are the green skittles lime or apple flavored??? What is the expiration date??
"Chia seeds come in two colors: black and white. While white seeds are rarer than black seeds, there is no significant nutritional difference between the two. White seeds are often more expensive because of their rarity, but some people prefer them because of aesthetic reasons." http://library.hidalgofoods.com/?p=308
Whisk together 1 tablespoon chia seed and 3 tablespoons very hot water to replace one large egg - the size egg most often called for in baking. Let mixture sit for about 5 minutes to thicken before using. When using chia seed to replace an egg, it is a good idea to add an extra 1/2 teaspoon baking powder along with the chia seed gel for each egg being replaced to better mimic the leavening properties of eggs.
My current bag has a sticker that says "product of Ecuador." Since it isn't part of the actual bag, I'm not sure if they are sourced from multiple locations. But most likely, the answer is Ecuador.
No, but the will change the consistency of your smoothie rapidly if you don't. It will become thicker and more gelatinous. I typically add the chia seeds at the end, after blending.
Sucralose (Splenda)
INGREDIENTS: Polyglycitol Syrup, Peanut Butter (Contains Fresh Ground Dry Roasted Peanuts, Salt, and Tocepherol added to maintain freshness), Natural & Artificial Flavor, Acesulfame Potassium and Sucralose (SPLENDA brand). Serving Size = 2 pieces Calories = 40 Total Fat = 2.5g Sodium = 20mg Total Carbohydrate = 8g Protein = 1g http://atkinsoncandy.net/product/sugar-free-peanut-butter-bars-3-75-oz-bags/
crunchy, but not hard; can be easily chewed.
nutrition facts Serving Size: 2 Pieces Servings Per Container: 9 amount per serving: calories: 50 calories from fat: 15 total calories per container: 450 total calories from fat: 135 % daily value* (DV) recommended (DV) total fat 1.5g 2% 65g saturated fat: 0g 0% 20g trans fat 0g cholesterol: 0mg 0% 300mg sodium: 20mg 1% 2,400mg potassium 0mg 0% 3,500mg total carbohydrate 10g 3% 300g dietary fiber: 0g 0% 25g sugars: 7g protein 1g *Percent daily values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
I am not sure. It does not say anywhere on the package. I have never gotten a stomach ache from them like I have with other candy made from sugar alcohol but I have never eaten more than a couple pieces at a time. They are delicious.
9 net carbs by my calculation - Honey, Almonds, Walnuts, Pecans, Banana Chips (bananas, coconut oil), Raisins, Sunflower Seeds, Coconut Oil, Pumpkin Seeds, Dried Cranberries (cranberries, apple juice concentrate, sunflower oil), Shredded Coconut, Flaxseed Meal, Natural Flavors, Spices, Raw Cacao Powder. Read more: Paleo People Banana & Nut Cluster Snacks by Paleo People - Buy Paleo People Banana & Nut Cluster Snacks 1 Trail Mix at vitamin shoppe Follow us: @VitaminShoppe on Twitter | THEVITAMINSHOPPE on Facebook
The banana chips on my bag are listed simply as banana and coconut oil.
Honey, Almonds, Walnuts, Pecans, Banana Chips (bananas, coconut oil), Raisins, Sunflower Seeds, Coconut Oil, Pumpkin Seeds, Dried Cranberries (cranberries, apple juice concentrate, sunflower oil), Shredded Coconut, Flaxseed Meal, Natural Flavors, Spices, Raw Cacao Powder. Contains: Tree nuts (almonds, walnuts, pecans)
It should say "SUGAR FREE," in white above the brand name on the wrapper, as shown in the picture. If it does not say "SUGAR FREE" contact Amazon, since you were sent the wrong item.
I do believe it is with Splenda . They are great... Splenda taste better than other sweeteners.
It just says sugar free on the package
On the back of the package it says sugar free. Each candy is wrapped and it says sugar free on each candy wrapper. I have had dozens of this item and they are all the same. I hope this helps out a little.
Probably about 100.
Try with caution to avoid severe intestinal cramps. I trashed them. LVB
Hard to be 100% sure since I'm not the manufacturer or distributor but a cursory web search shows that there is a strong chance they are kosher. Other listings for the IBC Root Beer Barrels list that they are kosher.
Sorry James I gave them and a few others to my Grandfather and didn't pay attention.He did say they were great so I had one, they are very good.
I recently had hair analysis done 3 weeks ago for toxic metals. My chromium level was normal. I have been taking tulsi now for close to a year. The hair analysis reflecks a 3 month level, so it should have registered if i was ingesting excessive amounts. I take a pot of tulsi daily.
basil plants are in the mint family botanically. It COULD be a problem for you. You will need some professional help to determine if it will be a problem or not.
Yes, to both questions. This is a very high quality tea with a great many benefits. It has helped me through colds, flus and general, overall health. I highly recommend it.
It certainly looks like it and tastes like it to me and I have had Tulsi from other suppliers as well.
No, I haven't because we are drinking it about twice a week and the bag itself is resealable. It stays very fresh in between uses and is a pure joy to drink.
It's the biggest bag of tea I've ever seen - I had to put it in multiple canisters! I just put a tablespoon (I like it strong) in a little tea strainer and pour hot water over it - steeps very quickly. I love it
We don't think so. Not at all. Take the label off and see if your husband says Yuck, avocados. Then you know. Also have flavored varieties. We love the jalapeno. Haven't tried the others but it might be an option for different flavor
No where on the bottle does it state it's Kosher. You could probably call 1-888-299-oils, and they will answer that question. It is organic and "NONGMO Project Verified."
Yes, it comes in a glass bottle. 8.5 fl.oz / 250 mL.
It is green.
It can handle the high heat 480-500 degrees without deteriorating the avocado oil. It is a raw cold pressed oil that is very pure, so it may smoke because of sediment, but wont harm the oil.
Check out their website. They process it in their own facilty where they only process avocados.
My bottles expiration date is 7/2016. I've had the bottles for awhile now and it still taste very good. Use it on many things. The smoke point is 450 degrees, so I use it for grilling veggies too. If you have any more questions, please let me know. Sincerely, Herb.
Here is an explanation from the Bella Vado website: "All of our Avocado Oil is processed Organically, but our Certified Organic Avocado Oil is processed using only Certified Organic Avocados. We're huge Organic buffs, and enjoy both our Original and Certified Organic equally."
I'm guessing you might not be turning the cap hard enough to break the seal. I have trouble opening bottles with caps like this, and I use a piece of rubber non-slip shelf liner to get a good grip on the cap to be able to turn it hard enough to break the seal.
I have not made mayonnaise from this oil, but I would guess that mayonnaise made with this oil would have a wonderful flavor!
No, Suzanne, this vanilla does not contain coumarin and says so on the label. I have used this exact brand from Mexico for years, as my aunt used to bring it back for me. You can trust this seller and your chocolate baked goods will never taste better!!
i actually buy my clear vanilla on ebay. size is (33.8FL.OZ) 1L.
Truth is, I don't know. What I do know is that it is delicious in baked goods, smoothies, and more. I love the Mexican vanilla flavor and this is good enough for me. I might try a different brand next time, but went for the deal. It was a good price and worth a try.
Yes it is. I am very pleased with this product. There is quite a bit and it takes a while to use it up; but I plan of reordering it soon.
As far as I know, it's several years. Keep it tightly closed and in a pantry or cabinet out of the sun. I had one bottle that lasted over four years without losing flavor or going bad.
Taste: similar to pearl, but nuttier. Texture: remains slightly chewy even when fully cooked (and remains essentially whole in shape, unlike pearl which "explodes" in shape after cooking). Time: 50 minutes or more, depending on your preference (vs. 20 minutes or so for pearl).
The Amazon price is way too high. you can order a case from your health food store for much cheaper, or go to Walmart.
Yes, it does sprout. The European pearl barley is milled, and this destroys the germ. Hull-less barley is an ancient grain from Tibet and Nile, it breaks free from the hull naturally, and so it sprouts perfectly. I soak mine overnight, and then keep damp for 2-3 days. It will grow little roots, and then you can cook it. I use a slow cooker, and it can be eaten from breakfast lunch and dinner. - paul mozarowski.
I have no idea
Sadly I have not but wanted to respond to your question.
No. I've not heard of Tsampa flour. I used the barley as it was in soups.
Once opened, it should be refrigerated or frozen. Unopened, I've kept it on the shelf for several months without spoiling.
It looks like only one. If you zoom in on the picture by holding your mouse over it, 26 oz. is the size printed on the bag, and the item title says 26 oz.
No, I do not refrigerate mine.
It appears to be the only ingredients that are not specified as organic are almonds and sea salt all others say organic . It is certified vegan and gluten free and the label says organic . It's an excellent quality almond butter !!
As far as I know it is free of other nuts, I have a few jars and do not see the warning.
The list of ingredients: Dry roasted almonds, organic evaporated cane sugar, organic cocoa, organic cocoa butter, organic palm fruit oil, vanilla, sea salt
Their packaging says all-natural but doesn't mention organic. Their website (justins dot com, under initiatives) says they can't source organic nuts at this time.
For most products, you would naturally prefer Grade A over Grade B - like meat or eggs, for instance. That's not the case with vanilla beans. You should buy the proper grade for your use. If you are going to cook with the beans, then opt for Grade A. They have a moisture content around 30% and have plenty of caviar to scrape out. If you are going to make vanilla extract, use Grade B vanilla beans. They are cured differently and have a moisture content of around 20%. One misconception is when people use Grade A vanilla beans and then switch to Grade B they feel that the beans are dried out. There is nothing wrong with them - they are drier by design. Think grapes vs raisins. You can make vanilla extract with Grade A beans, but that does not mean that you will be making a better extract. Finally, there are beans known as splits. Usually they split on the vine (sometimes during the curing process). They are sought after by many commercial producers of vanilla extract because they have a higher vanillin content than whole extract grade vanilla beans. They are not used beans.
No..it is not recommended. Also, do NOT refrigerate. It kills the flavor and hardens the beans. Keep wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and place in a jar or Tupperware container.
I opened mine right away, so I'm not sure, but after I opened them, they were starting to dry out, so I put the opened bag into a jar. That was a couple months ago, and they are still fine. If they start to mold, let them dry out a little to store them longer, put them in some sugar, where they will dry and flavor the sugar, or freeze them.
I have not but plan too next weekend.
I didn't notice any out of the ordinary smell, but some of the packets of beans I ordered (5) held very moist beans and in others the beans were very dried out.
I don't know that there is a date on the package , but I do know that I misplaced a package for a year and it got nasty.
I know you can use either one, but have never tried it using parts of both, sorry
I don't see why you could not do that. Mine were very pliable and not difficult to open.
I think they were 6 to 8 inches.
Here's how I would describe their smell. Out of the package they don't smell like a vanilla candle or air freshener. They really don't have a strong smell until you soak them in vodka, then they smell like vanilla extract.
What I read was A is for cooking but B is great for making vanilla extract...you can use A beans but won't make it any better...A is plumper but B are good too
appox. 38-40 bean pods
I had 52 in mine.
Approximately 4 to 5 inches.
Ours were whole.
I have never purchased that many vanilla beans as one time; I usually just buy the 1/4 pound package. But I can tell you for best storage to keep fresh I use a food saver vacuum sealer for my beans until I am ready to use them.
I suspect that the split beans are a little cheaper just because they are split. Apparently, the splitting sometimes happens as the beans mature; it's not a quality issue. I would also suspect that, if you're using the beans to make vanilla extract, that you might want to buy the unsplit beans for this. The reason I say this is that you'll be able to use the caviar of the beans for other things (baking, making ice cream, etc.) if the beans are unsplit and the contents don't end up in the bottom of your jar where you are making vanilla. Periodically, you need to change some of the beans out to keep up the strength of the extract brew. I would like to pass along how happy I am with Vanilla Products USA. I decided to start making my own extract and tried several other sellers and their products. To compare, I had one jar of starter extract that had been sitting for 2 months from one store that wasn't even as strong as the bottle with the Vanilla Products beans that had only been sitting for 3 weeks. By far, Vanilla Products USA offers the best beans at a good price. They are the only store I plan on buying from in the future. And, as just a point of information, Grade B beans are the best for making extract. Grade A (which I haven't bought yet) are for baking, etc. Hope this helps. PS: You want the beans you use to make extract to be dry rather than moist. You get a better extract that way.
Per my email to Vanilla Products USA on December 5, 2013: "In 1/2 pound of this grade and length, there will be 60 to 80 vanilla beans."
I realize it's a bit late to help you, but for anyone reading this later: Frozen vanilla beans should still be usable for extract, but I would suggest using them right away. Freezing or refrigerating can promote certain types of mold in vanilla beans, but it shouldn't affect the flavor compounds in the beans.
No, they are not.
Vacuum seal them If you can or store in an air tight container in a cabinet.
Per my email to Vanilla Products USA on December 5, 2013: "In 1/2 pound of this grade and length, there will be 60 to 80 vanilla beans."
Probably a supply and demand situation. They are a natural product, so weather conditions...etc. can affect the plants. Plus there are a lot of people picking up on the whole extract making bandwagon now. :(
Although vanilla extract is made up of at least 35% alcohol by volume, the "bourbon" in "Bourbon Vanilla" is not the name of the alcohol used to make it. Bourbon vanilla is the name for all vanilla grown in Madagascar and other islands in the Indian Ocean, including Comoros and Runion. Runion was formerly known as the le Bourbon, and it is the name of that island that gave Bourbon Vanilla its name. Bourbon vanilla beans come from the orchid V. planifolia. Bourbon vanilla beans have a high vanillin content and a very strong, clear and creamy vanilla flavor that is instantly resognizable and a great addition to any recipe.
They were dried when I bought some, I cut up in vodka for vanilla extract.
Madagascar as the Tahitian doesn't hold up well in heat, Tahitian is better for cool to cold desserts
I really didn't count how many. But I separated some in sets of 20,and tee rapped them. I stopped at a hundred. I still had alot more. So I'm guessing over 2 hundred in the package. Good qualitie.
Yes, there is sugar in it.
Its only ingredients are pomegranate and sugar.
My current bottle says 6-2015. However I have had some in the past that was many years old and the quality never changed.
Here are the ingredients: pomegranate juice and sugar. That's it.
No. Just pomegranate, juice and sugar.
Dunno. The ingredient list reads 'pomegranate concentrated juice &lt;sic&gt;, sugar,' though. I've got a bottle of it right here in front of me.
Only two ingredients: concentrated pomegranate juice and sugar (no particulars about the type of sugar, but the juice obviously has fructose),
Same here! I tried to find the ingredients on the internet but cannot find a list of ingredients for this product.
I don't know if it is boiled or steamed, but it is rose water
Yes. The label contains a chart of nutritional facts and gives recipes for a summer drink and sugar syrup.
All that's stated is this: Ingredients: Rose Water.
No alcohol, just rose water.
I don't. It does just fine :)
There are 4 bottles, and a little goes a LONG way. I gave a bottle away to a friend and still have more than I can use for a long time. Definitely worth the price.
I just got rid of the box but I do know, this was my 3rd box I have purchased and the expiration date is generous.
You will need to go through the checkout process to see the shipping cost. If you order over $100, shipping is free.
Please use discretion when ordering items such as chocolate or taffy that have the potential to melt during the warmer months of the year. Shipping these candies during the warmer months or to warm climates can potentially damage them. We cannot guarantee the condition of melt-able candies and will not be held responsible for damages when shipped under these circumstances. We do include ice packs on orders that have the potential to melt.
They are a good miniature candy size, they measure apx. 2" across & 1/8" thick
the box is about 3by6by 12
This is definitely refined. A easy giveaway is the packaging - coconut oil is solid and only liquifies at 76 degrees or greater which is why it's sold in jars not bottles. I prefer to buy the huge jar of raw, unrefined coconut oil that way it has multiple uses and there's no degradation in the effectiveness.
It says it is food grade, but I only purchased it to use as a home remedy to keep spiders out of the house.
This coconut oil does not have a smell. Its in a solid form until it warms up to an oil.
Yes, that was the reason that I bought it, now I use it to cook, but it is great :)
Yes, this is not food grade but is great for skin. In fact it is sold by a company that makes products for soap makers. Go look at their website. I use it straight on my skin after showering. http://www.essentialdepot.com/
I thought so as it says "greener life essentials" but does not say its organic.
I took mine and placed it on my vents with the heater on. You can place it outside if its warm and wait then place into a widemouth container like i did.
Yes. real, pure coconut oil has a melt point of about 70 or 75 degrees, so yes it's solid at lower temperatures. I use it after I get out of the shower. In the winter I just keep by the heater vent. The food grade coconut oil is sold in wider mouthed jars for scooping.
Yes..it is quite solid. Had to cut the bottle with a razor blade to get it out as the opening is very small.
Yes, the oil I purchased is cold pressed and can be used in its present state, or you can warm it up to melt it.
package says "sucralose (splenda brand)"
All of the flavors are vaguely fruity, but all have a peculiar artificial sweetner aftertaste. Nothing like the Crystallite hard candy and not as good as the artificial sweerened Lifesavers.
The candies are sugar free and are great. BUt nowhere on the pacjaging does it say that it is Gluten Free. So I'm not sure. Sorry.
About 5 inches
I don't know the origin, but I'm guessing it was NOT USA. These did not work for my Havanese (10 lbs) as they were too big for her to manage. I use straight bully sticks now, and am always sure that they are of USA origin. I would expect these rounds would be satisfactory (size-wise) for larger dogs.
Yes. I love that and my dog loves all Redbarn products.
Did you know that approximately 80% of Redbarn's products are manufactured in our own US factory, located in Great Bend, Kansas? Also, those products listed as "Made in Paraguay" are made in our company owned and operated plant so we can maintain and guaranty our quality control policies are met at all times. Our manufacturing plants, at home or abroad, are a reflection of our company and the standards we uphold. Although Redbarn chicken jerky items are manufactured in a Chinese plant, it has been inspected and approved by the FDA and is visited and inspected annually by the owners of Redbarn. - See more at: http://www.redbarninc.com/faqs/proudly-made-in-usa/#sthash.cDWhQn2Y.dpuf..if you go to Red Barn Products. com I believe it gives info about all their products. From what I have read their cattle products are all made in USA, but to be sure, it will tell you more on their website.
Jen - it is one box. I think the 2.2 lbs refers to the rates for shipping. The shipping charges are probably based on standard shipping for a package weighing 2.2 lbs or less. But, it is one box and the pancakes are delicious!!!
I'm not in the same town as the box right now, but I'm picky about processed foods & nothing set off my alarm! BUT I'm no ingredient pro. We usually enjoy Krusteaz, so it's similar. You do add buttermilk & specific veg oil. Sorry I don't have the flap jack facts!!!
You may want to consider purchasing from the Aretha Frankenstein website.
Wasn't sure if you got your question answered but, apparently it is just for 1 box.
I don't know what countries, but I can tell you their new formula in vanilla has a very funky taste! I don't like it at all!
The only thing we have available is what we show in our Amazon Store Listed. Thanks The Shops on Amazon
14 or 15 should be a good start if he's 13 and a half I'd say its okay
I DONT KNOWN
20 g
No.it has not sugar in it
Sorry, can't answer your question, only because I bought cereal from another company, I don't sell the product. I can say, however that I was dis-appointed with the product, from what I remember how it tasted years ago, til now. If they sweetened the cereal like before, then I would rave.
This year's Count Chocula that I bought at Target just a couple of days ago expires in I think July 2015. The stuff you order here online usually coincides with that, since I believe it's all manufactured around the same time each year.
When I bought it it had 6 months to expiration.
it expires in july
Its been around since late 60s I am sure. Its sad its only in stores at Halloween time. Used to be a regular product
man this cereal will survive the apocalypse...
Ours was August 2014
It is fresh but this stuff is junk made of corn not whole wheat like it used to be. If you like corn then you will like this if not then you wont
Somehow you've gotten the wrong e-mail. I'm not the seller of this item. However, as a person who has gotten this particular box design, it's from at least 2 years ago. I hope you can get the correct contact info for this seller.
AUG 16 2013
You need to ask the seller directly this question, as it may depend per seller. To ask the seller, you click on the sellers name where it says "Sold by". And on the right column towards the bottom it says: "Further information" and click on "contact the seller". Yeah it's not easy to find, but that is where you can ask a seller specific questions of their lot. This is for general questions regarding the formula in general. Such as: "Does it work?" and the answer to that is yes.
I just purchased a case in Dec 2014 and the bottom of the containers are printed with the manufacture date of Aug. 5, 2014 and the expiration date of Feb. 4, 2016.
Hi, im Sorry but i dont know , im Not the owner you should ask that is very important.
The expiration date is located on the bottom, that's the only way to know if it's old. 1 + years means the formula is for 12 month old + yrs children. It is a great product though!!
Hello, then is is unflavored.
Hello, They expire in June 2015 or later.
The description has to say "unflavored" to truly be unflavored. There are actually flavored options such as Vanilla, Chocolate and Tropical.
Good day. This is the UNFLAVORED one. Thank you for your inquiry
I no longer have this product.
I brought it last year,I don't remeber the expired date.
I bought after reading a book "The Palm Oil Miracle by Dr.Bruce Fife and listening to Dr Oz show This info stated this stuff good for everything maybe ingrown toe nails cure Ha It really screwed up my system causing some very bad bladder problems...Make sure you investigate thoroughly before taking best ever
I have heard that some people warm it up by putting the container in hot water. I got mine in the summer so it was liquid. I just transfered it to another container.
it's organic, but let me warn you, it taste awful. I guess if you can use it as a cooking oil you'll do better, but the taste is still there. Warning, this stuff is nasty.
No, there is better stuff out there.
Yes. The heavy parts separate so each time you use it you should shake the bottle.
1/2 teaspoon. If it affects bowel movements, cut down to 1/4 tsp.
It's a powder, in a bag. Yes, the info is in English, but no directions, I followed Dr Oz's. it tastes TERRIBLE, does not devolve in tea. Only hope of seeing if it works, would be to put it in capsules.
About 1/4 cup WARM yet drinkable water as it takes time (30 sec.) to go efficatiously into solution. You also must continue to stir for that time period and then consume. Afterwards I add an ounce or so of tepid tap water and swirl any residue in drinking-emptying glass. JBQ.
Feel free to call me BC at 615.828.2076 but though i really believed in this powder of 5 people I gave to use this and myself only one person said they had very limited temp benefit; male and female.
I really do not know this answer but hope so. It seems to be giving me the pain relief desired.
Sorry, don't know . . . .
Hello, A powder and a ratio of any product means that one is a concentrate (the ratio product) and the other is not. So, the 4:1 is a concentrate product while the powder is just the plain ingredient. If you are unsure of which one to purchase you should seek the advice of a medical professional or naturopath. Generally, the plain powder will suffice and is less expensive. Thank you for considering NutriCargo
It is not necessary, but it is a good idea, especially if you consume a lot of them. Almonds have phytic acid, a natural defense against being eaten which a lot of seeds and nuts, as well as some fruits and vegetables have, in them, which is an antinutrient, meaning it blocks the absorption of nutrients, and it actually depletes zinc. Soaking them helps to destroy some of the phytic acid so that you can get the full nutrition out of them and the other foods you eat.
All of mine sprouted , if that tells Ya anything
Yes
No. My shipping cost was $11.95. I live in Florida.
We have stored almond packs in the freezer for around five months and they have remained fresh.
No.
The first reviewer has apparently contacted the CA Almond people (they have a website). The information given was they get a steam treatment. Please read the very first review. I bought 10 pounds about six months ago and I am making almond butter in a few minutes with the last pound. These are packaged in sealed bags by the pound. Excellent quality.
They were all the same type from what I got. Just normal almonds
If the product does not state that it's organic, it's not organic. As for being processed near peanuts, why don't you contact the company directly?
I do like jelly babies. They are delicious.
I've never had a problem with them getting firm. These are a little more solid than the Bassett brand but they're still pretty tender even after being in the TARDIS cookie jar for a few weeks.
They're basically bassets, just in bulk. They were delicious and seemed like there was more of a variety in flavors from bassets.
Not at all. They are flavorful with a slight edge, but definitely not sour in the least.
They are made with gelatin, according to Wikipedia. You may be able to find an alternative elsewhere, though I couldn't come up with anything.
Natural dyes. They are very good candy!
Since they're primarily sugar, they should be, but I never could get an answer from them about whether they used corn starch or something else to prevent them sticking so I went back to buying Bassett's. Do not buy from TopStore though, I had a horrible experience with them.
Think there are two sizes available. Mine was 2.2lbs and there were two packets in the box. Maybe a typo?
They contain gelatin :( Ingredients*: Sugar, Glucose Syrup, Water, Gelatin, Corn Starch, Acid,( Citric Acid), Artificial Flavors, Colors,: FD&C Yellow No. 5, FD&C Yellow No. 6, FD&C Red No. 40, FD&C Blue No, 1 https://www.kingofsweetsonline.com/item.cfm?prod=202
I also do not think you will get it cooked well enough just pouring boiling water on it and letting it sit. It is not like Quaker Quick Oats. It needs to cook. Five minutes in simmering water is probably best, but I have also been satisfied with making 1-2 servings by adding the water to the oats in a fairly large bowl and heating it on HIGH for 4 minutes. Use a LARGE bowl to assure it doesn't boil over. Let it set a couple of minutes. It doesn't need quite as much cooking as steel-cut oats, but pretty close, unless you like it a bit crunchy. I do. This is probably the best oatmeal I've ever had. My second choice would be Trader Joe's "Quick Cook Steel Cut Oats". Cook it roughly the same way. You will like both.
There are directions on the package for microwave cooking.
The answer below regarding Costco is incorrect. If you add shipping charges the cost at the Coach's website, it comes to over $26 to your door approximately $10 more for the 2 packages at Costco. (No sales tax on food here in Florida.) Try Bob's Red Mill steel cut quick oats, cheap at Big Lots. You'll pay far less than at the Coach's web site for a very similar product.
I don't know for sure. GMO is not mentioned on the package. Under ingredients it says Whole Grain Oats. Steel cut.
Hi Benjamin, My current bag of Coach's Oats has been in my cupboard for about 4 months with a quarter of the bag remaining. I have never had a problem with keeping the oats fresh and as long as it is out of the sun it should be fine. Hope this helps.
Oates are not wheat which is what gluten comes from but there might be a few stray plants in the field.
We have it for our morning porridge. 1 cup oats, 2 cups water, sprinkle cinnamon and nutmeg, bring to a boil add dried blueberries, cranberries (your choice) now stir till water evaporated about 11 - 12 minutes. Also use to make oatmeal muffins. Check out Coach's website also. Best oatmeal I have found.
12 inches long and about an inch wide
11g of sugar per freezer pop
45 calories each.
i have done apples and pomergrates in it it does work
dont know
No, it is not Anodized.
Yes barely. You'll have about one inch of clearance. From the bottom to the top of the black knob on the lid is right at 16 inches.
The salt is from ancient seas that dried up leaving salt and trace minerals behind.
This is Himalayan salt it is pure, hand-mined salt found naturally, deep within the pristine Himalayan Mountains. Crystallized over 250 million years ago, ancient sea beds were covered by lava, protecting the salt from modern-day pollution, and lending to the belief that Himalayan Pink salt is the purest salt to be found on earth.
Don't know the percentages, and if I did, they are for sure, minute, but there are alot of many minute minerals which is all we need, and it tastes markedly better than any salt I have used, and hence, use it exclusively. You can probably google it.
Unlike white table salt that has iodine added to it, Himalayan salt has iodine in it naturally along with many other minerals. See this article for more information: http://www.naturalnews.com/028724_Himalayan_salt_sea.html
Absolutely no problem. It's only 13 inches wide and 9 1/2 inches deep. It comes with tape but we attached ours with screws that either came with it or we had on hand. I love it and appreciate that I don't have to use up valuable counter space. Enjoy!
It's actually 13"x9.5" when all folded up. The dimensions should reflect that. I don't know why it says 9" should be 9.5" and that is "folded up" in the storage position. I'll check into the posted dims.
They do not slide forward.
1/2 inch
Not made for vue cups.
No. The Vue cups are much larger. They might make a model specifically for the Vue cups, but I have not looked.
This is just standard double-sided mounting tape, usually made by Scotch or 3M. You should be able to pick some up at Wal-mart or Target, any sort of big box store should carry it. http://www.staples.com/Scotch-Permanent-Heavy-Duty-Mounting-Tape-1-2-inch-x-21-yds/product_130450?cid=PS:GooglePLAs:130450&KPID=130450
I just went to examine mine. my clearance is very shallow. you may be able to get them out but you will be reaching under your counter at that point for sure. and you will not be able to read what your cup choices are without ducking under to look. but it will still mount out of sight if that is your main goal and you will be able to use those holes for storage. hope that helps.
LOL Someone actually thought the coffee came with it?? Oh well..anyway I believe you need at least 6" for pull down clearance.
I'm so sorry Rob,I don't know the size difference between the regular cups and the Rivo.
If you use 30g per 1 cup (236cc), and the canister contains 800g that would equate to roughly 1.6 gallons of milk. That's an expensive gallon.
The date on the bottom of the one I received says: 2015/06/05 The only other thing I can say is it states on the can to keep in a dry cool place after opening.
The weight is 1lb 12ozs (28 ozs); 32 servings per container.
I have made yogurt successfully!
No gmo corn grass!!
Apparently China was their # 1 customer until a false report re: a contamination was reported. I think China stopped buying at the time. I don't know whether that has changed or not. That may be why it is available to us now. I have been very satisfied with this product. I'm not a milk drinker but love it in coffee and make my yogurt with it and also use it in making bread.
I would assume so because it is organic but I wouldn't suggest giving this to babies less than a year old because they have certain nutritional needs in which cow milk doesn't quite cut it. Try Hipp or Holle which are sold on Amazon and eBay. Order it from the UK cause customs can be jerks when it comes from Germany. When I had big problems making breast milk my baby was very happy and healthy with those 2 formulas. I put these in his cereal or give it to my boy when my boobs have a bad day or I want to go out somewhere and not in the mood for the breast pump. He sleeps 12 hours a night, takes naps, colic went away, no more rash, no poo problems, he's big for his age, and the pediatrician said hes doing well in every way.
I've been making my husband coffee creamer with it and I feel like it's been lasting a long time. It is pricey but he really likes it and it's hard to find anywhere else. I'm getting ready to order another can. I hope this helps :)
No, this product only contains whole milk powder
No! Ingredients listed as "organic whole milk powder (certified by AssureQuality) Just an excellent product!
It's a little thicker than ketchup so I would use a bottle that has a wider opening, but otherwise it should work fine.
Only needs to be refrigerated after opening
Yes it is gluten free. It is soy and rice based.
No. The labeling information indicates refrigeration only after opening. I have 3 unopened containers in my pantry.
The product is sealed...it should last for quite some time [perhaps a year] if kept cool...a Korean 'grandma' showed me how to preserve it after opening...pour sesame oil on it and refrigerate it...the oil keeps it from drying out and adds a unique 'Korean' taste to it.
Calorie and Fat ??? Doesn't matter ! You are using this as a flavoring agent... a spoonful at a time.
Ingredients: corn syrup, rice, water, red pepper powder, salt, garlic, onion, soybean cultured with aspergillus oryzae, salt, spirits, contains 2%or less of yeast powder, glutinous rice, wheat grain cultured with aspergillus oryzae. Contains wheat, soybeans.
The ingredient list on the package does not indicate MSG being incorporated into this product.
That's about right. It's not too hot but does have some spice. A tablespoon goes a long way.
The best by date is about a year from when I got mine, however if you keep it in the freezer it will last for a couple of years. You will have to let it come to room temp before you use it in recipes or you might have some abnormal results.
Yes. It does make a very heavy bread. I have a Panasonic bread maker. Bread rose fine
It is organic, so it is non-gmo, but it may be hybrid. I don't think it's the ancient grain.
we buy it and freeze it. and use it over the course of a year. not sure if that helps, but the flour is still fresh when you freeze it. have you tried calling arrowhead mills to ask?
Aspartame-Aceulfame
march 26, 2013
all the same flavors of gum in package.kind of a citrus tang to it when first start chewing it, I don't like citrus stuff, but this one is good. only flavor I like and enjoy, hope this answer helps.
5" x 3" x 2.5"
One loaf. It is a murderous ripoff!!!
Here is a list of Ingredients. And Bruce, please NOTE, IT DOES CONTAIN YEAST, AND IT DOES CONTAIN GLUTEN!! Read the label on the outer wrapping, Bruce: INGREDIENTS: Organic Sprouted Wheat, Organic Sprouted Barley, Organic Sprouted Millet, Organic Malted Barley, Organic Sprouted Lentils, Organic Sprouted Soybeans, Organic Sprouted Spelt, Filtered Water, Fresh Yeast, Organic Wheat Gluten, Sea Salt.
I store mine in the fridge with no problems.
15 gm (5%) per slice.
Tests of Chinese teas have consistently shown them to be inferior to Japanese teas in terms of heavy metal (especially lead) contamination. The fact that it is organic has absolutely nothing to do with lead content.
Approximately 96 servings.
No country of origin is listed on the package. All that is noted: USDA Organic and Certified Organic by "NDA."
It's actually really good quality. I was very impressed
The matcha is a dry powder concentrate form of green tea. The answer as you can guess is that one pound is sixteen ounces of dry matcha powder.
The manufacturer's website (http://www.davidsonstea.com/) says it's made from Chinese green tea. Also, in the "product integrity" section of their website, it says, "We work with farmers and producers in India, Sri Lanka, China, Latin America and Eastern Europe." No mention of Japan at all.
According to info on side of can there are 64 mg sodium per 1/4 cup serving. The skin and bones are present. This is delicious, hopefully healthy salmon with a definite low-salt taste. My only concern is the possible BPA epoxy coating linings in the can? Servings per can: about 3.5; Ingredients: wild Alaskan sockeye salmon with natural broth to be consumed
It is caught and processed in Alaska, hours after capture
There has never been BPA in the cans, and the lids, it was projected that by this year there would be none in the lids. The vast majority of last years lids were BPA free
No it has skin and bone
First, serving size is 1/4 cup or 63g of which each can provides "about 3.5 servings". Calcium is listed at 10% based on a 2000 calorie/day diet. No more detail listed. HTH...
The website is: www.purealaskasalmon.com, you can click on "nutrition" and get some answers. There is some other useful stuff regarding mercury, etc. I was hoping they would have the label but they don't have the key part visible. There are 3 1/2 servings per can. Per serving: protein 13g, sodium 64 mg, calories 110, vitamin A 2% RDA, calcium 10%, iron 2%, sugars, fiber, carbs, trans fats, vitamin C ..... all zero, cholesterol 40mg (13%), total fat 6 grams (10%), saturated fat 1 gram (7 %).
Per 3.5 oz serving 1200mg Omega 3 fatty acids (EPA +DPA)
If you contact the seller they will answer that question. I have never found better Salmon in the can than this one. They catch and process this product and take great pride in the "sustainable" aspect of it.
you probably have 4 or 5 cups. I would personally order from Honeyville grain directly from their website. Their product is amazing and their 5lb bag is fairly priced at $44 if you are a baker or use almond flour for savory recipes.
The only ingredients they list on the bag are blanched almonds.
Is almost the same, the almond lour is a little bit thick
If it's not proudly displayed, I would assume that it is not.
I dont recall it being on my bag either (I've since used it all up!) But I do know that if you want it to last longer seal it well in a ziploc and keep it in the freezer. I do that with mine and it lasts months. Hope that helps a little!
I have made tortillas with It and it tastes pretty good with a decent consistency. Not very good leftover though.
nutritiondata.self is the most reliable source for this information. Hope this helps!
There is nothing on the label to indicate anything but almond flour. It is sold by Gourmet Imports, 961 South Meridian Ave., Alhambra, CA 91803. Possibly they could give you the answer. www.Gourmetimports.com
I just copied and pasted the following list of ingredients found in powdered Propel. I do not know all the different names of artificial sweeteners but it looks like only sucralose. Hope this helps. Ingredients: Citric acid, calcium citrate, calcium chloride, ascorbic acid (vitamin C), sucralose, natural and artificial flavor, silicon dioxide, niacinamide (vitamin B3), calcium disodium EDTA (to protect flavor), calcium pantothenate (vitamin B5), acesulfame potassium, vitamin E acetate, pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin B6), cyanocobalamin (vitamin B12).
http://www.livestrong.com/article/287624-propel-fitness-water-facts/#page=1 Page 4 has the list of ingredients
Sucralose (1,6-Dichloro-1,6-dideoxy-&#946;-D-fructofuranosyl-4-chloro-4-deoxy-&#945;-D-galactopyranoside), the artificial sweetener used in Propel Zero, is not broken down by the body, so it contributes no calories. I love the convenient "tubes" and use them in a liter or two to flavor the water (suggested ratio is to dissolve in about 16 oz.). The product dissolves so well you hardly need to shake or stir the water. Be sure to clean your container after use, and do not leave "out" overnight, because the solution with break down and particles will be suspended and coat the container - neither is a desirable result.
They are the size of a Crystal Lite flavoring packet - individual size not quart size
16 ounces
you can buy as many is available. I sold 45 the other day to one person. Thanks for the question.
The construction is in one piece. Works well.
No it does not, minimal packaging.
No
Diameter is 3 1/2 inches, it fits wide-mouth jars not standard size.
sorry, I have no idea...didn't see any info on the package...
This sprout lid is like a plastic screen which does not close but it's a great alternative to metal or cheesecloth. I'm not sure about using it for making kefir or yogurt but you could probably use this lid and cover it with cloth or plastic wrap.
Yes.I've been drinking it for about 2 years and love it.Ilove it because it's all organic,healthier for you than regular coffee,and you don't get the jitters.
I only ordered one box of the supreme and no longer have the box, so I don't know. The Latte has 13g of sugar, 2g fat, 17 carb, and 2g fiber if that helps at all.
This coffee is normally good. The company is no longer selling this product I'm not sure why and it's been going on for months. I actually bought this product from someone and when I received it was totally alarmed because it tastes like dirt. Do not buy it from anyone because the original company is no longer selling it. But like I said the original one is awesome that's why I took the risk to buy it online. Not a good idea.
Yes it is, Amazonneeds to fix the page.
Yes. I also like the SB bold and I love the Oregano. But do be aware that this one has sugar and cream. It is not the black coffee.
Good afternoon all the Remaining Stock that I have all expire *** AUGUST 2015. I hope to serve you. Thank You! (SavingsMadeEZ)
Yes they did. The only other place I've seen it is The Godiva Store in Hulen Mall in FTW. :(
The bags I received on December 10, 2012 are marked "use by 16 July 2013". My own experience is that I've kept some of these factory sealed bag bean and ground coffees in the freezer for almost 2 years and didn't have any noticeable effect on the flavor etc. Hope this helps.
Hi Kai, it should be. Although this is not my favorite Godiva flavor and we have stopped ordering it. It is a little "muddy" for my tastes. We have fallen in love with the caramel flavor! But the grind is fine and we use a Chemex or French Press, depending on the day.
Dear Customer, We just received more inventory on that product. It should be listed now.
On the package I reviewed the Use Before Date was May 13, 2013. I am sure they vary depending on the batch.
There should be a date on the bag. This is my LEAST favorite of the Godiva coffee. The old chocolate Creme was amazing.
there are 10 calories in each container
Taste like regular half and half. Just ultrapasturized so it does not require refrigeration. Have to be able to use all within 3 months to make useful though
Hi I did not know the expiration date prior to purchase, but I suspected it was about 2-3 months based on other reviews that I read. My box had a 3 month expiration date and was plenty of time for 2 people to use during a 2 week cross-country drive. The product never went bad and we enjoyed fresh cream in our coffee every day!
Probably. They are shelf stable, though, so you don't even have to refrigerate them.
I think it would depend on the batch you purchased.
Yes, they are the same and just delicious! I will be ordering more and more...
From the manufacturer's site http://www.landolakes.com/product/2579/mini-moos-half-half: Ingredients: Half & Half, Sodium Citrate, DATEM, Tetra Sodium Pyrophosphate, and Carrageenan. CONTAINS: Milk
No, it is ultra pasteurized and does not require refrigeration.
It all depends upon what they send you when they fill your order. Mine had a shelf life of about a month from the date I received my order. Since I think these taste like icky canned milk, and I don't use them (I purchased them for my husband), we ended up throwing 3/4 of them away.
It tastes horrible. Like canned milk. But per Land O Lakes website, it is Kosher.
The ingredients are not spelled out on the label. However I can tell you what it is. Diamond XPC is a horse food supplement. I take it every day and I swear by it. It does have an expiration and is only good for about a year so inquire about the manufacturing date before you buy. I keep my excess in the freezer until needed. Hope this helps. If you want more information go to Dr. Williams web site www.drdavidwilliams.com/
The organic version is XPC Green. IF it doesn't say GREEN it isn't organic. I've had both, and at the moment can't remember which version I most recently ordered.
The current stock was manufactured 11/2012.
What such a weird mistake! What kind of company is this! Are you sure it's black seed inside? Because it could be Mustard seed or something else!! [http://www.amazon.com/Indus-Organic-Black-Mustard-Seeds/dp/B005U8NMFC/ref=pd_sim_gro_18]. I'd contact the company/Amazon & let them know to see what they have to say about it, or replace you those bottles. Truth to say; they have a good ORGANIC black seed, is the only 1 I'm using myself, it's good quality seed, unless one bottle was strongly moldy smelling, (I will continue buying from them & if the future purchases seem to be good I'll review my feedback to them). Black seed for me is my medicine to my autoimmune disease, but I was never able to get used to its strong bitter taste, I grind it in a special coffee burr machine & fill it out in my vcaps myself, Excellent.
the seeds are very tiny, about the size of a large grain of sand, and thus cannot be 'cracked'. I just took a teaspoon full and drank water. However, I was told that if you have any digestion issues, the seeds may get stuck in your colon. ..so I stopped taking them.
They are very fragrant. Quiet bitter too. I eat them with ginger and honey and always have a glass of water to flush it down, but when I sprinkle some on my bread before I bake it, it becomes the most delicious seed.
Mine came in clear plastic jars/safty seal.
Each bag is 11 oz. There are two bags.
I got them at Christmas so don't remember but can tell you I didn't use a couple of the bags for about three months and they were still very fresh.
They taste like they are only dipped in the chocolate, unsalted. The only salt listed in the ingredients is the salt used to make the chocolate coating.
For 1/4 cup (38G), 8 servings/package: total fat 15g, total carb 21g (2 g fiber, 17 g sugar), protein 2g. Hope that helps! They are delicious but be careful about ordering during hot weather. Mine came melted and I had to chill them and chip the block apart... but they were still great!!
I had received 12, though they were not individually wrapped. When I reported this to Amazon, they issued a refund.
I can't comment on the candy jar but these are full size swizzle sticks. They are a beautiful aqua color. I used them in a Candy Bar and they were great.
I'd say it's 50-50. I bought a box from one vendor and they were, but another from a different one that were not. Amazon credited the purchase and I wrapped them in snack bags.
Flavored sugar. Rock candy.
Rock candy is just the recrystallization of sugar. Unless you were asking about a flavor that was peanut flavor, I would assume that these are peanut free. I don't believe the packaging indicated any ingredients.
Well, it is loaded with sugar... which goes a long way to making it so much more delicious than its unsweetened competitors. That being said, coconut water is great for hydration, rich in potassium and, according to medical blogs, filled with electrolytes. This is NOT a low calorie drink ( I think they even write that on the can.) But as a fellow who needs to maintain high fluid intake, there's nothing out there that I enjoy more.
Coconut Juice, not water
I do not know we used it all
I am extremely allergic to Dairy and Guar Gum along with many more things. And this is the only coconut milk I can find that doesn't have a lot of added preservatives. It is 100% coconut milk with nothing else, so you should be aware that the box states to discard after two days but I have used it up to a week with strict refrigeration after opening.
It is three 33.8 ounce cartons. Each one is approximately a quart. Seems to be cheaper if u buy them in a bundle. Amazon does have packaging problems with this product though. They use paper tape and 25% of the time, the pkg bursts. But this product is heavenly. So I will continue to buy.
Yes. Not sweet but distinctly coconut. I have used in coffee but I do dark roast and it covered most of the coconut flavor
A standard litmus kit cannot accurately test the pH of water due to the chemical traces on the strip and the reaction process..... Seriously? Those chemical traces and the reaction process are EXACTLY how pH is determined. This is like saying a speedometer can not be used to measure speed because it measures distance traveled over time...... /smh
I also do not trust th Ph and claims on the label as it was recently endorsed by Taylor Wells - this fake wanna be yoga celebrity who owns studios but does not even teach or do yoga - so I really would find this company to be suspect after seeing she is associated with it
The test strip you are using is not accurate/sterile enough to accurately test the PH of water...One thing that everyone should know about these (and other) pH test strips is that they work based on the TDS (total dissolved solids) that are present in the water you are testing. If you are trying to test a true distilled water (with nothing in it, no TDS) the strips won't be effective and I'd recommend you use a test drop for the water sample.
I wouldn't think they couldn't sell it if by the time it hit the store shelves or online and to your home it is already close to being expired if not expired. Vitamins and supplements all have longer expiration dates... they'd be out of business due to false claims if that were true? Could it be a competitive business ploy? Thats just my opinion, and I've been through alot with "gut" issues. The Essentia was actually recommended by a specialist who deals with stomach/intestinal issues. I've gone to about every kind of dr or specialist for my intestines except a "witch doctor" - according to my husband. Of course, an exaggeration. I was told that I should feel a difference within 24 hours or less. I stopped at Fred Meyer (health food section) and bought 6 1.5ltr btls @ $1.99 ea reg price and began drinking it on my way home. Almost a 2 hr drive after seeing the Specialist. I felt desperate, and needed relief. It tastes no different than Great water! I noticed a difference by that evening - 8 hours later. Like a calming of my intestines. And less bloating. I'm one who needs proof - I don't fall for hype. On another note, because Essentia is not available everywhere around me, and the price fluctuates, I went on a search and research. I found the vitamin supplement stores sell the the trace minerals that you add to water and juices etc. Adding lemon to water is a good thing too. This product was about $19.00 for 8 oz, the btl expires in 2019, this one is made by "The Vitamin Shoppe" (around since 1977) I imagine each store may have their own, but this one was posted next to the waters they sell, all pricier than Fred Meyer. The "Trace Mineral Liquid" will bring the ph up for 96 GALLONS of water. By the glass (16z) I add 6-8 drops ... you can taste it if you over do it. Serving size is 1/2 teaspoon - about 40 drops ea day. I add them to my fluids as the taste alone, is strong and bitter. There is No taste mixed in with fluids or water and is clear in color. Also, I have a water filter on our frig - I tested the water from the frig and it comes up at 8.8 when tested with our hot tub strips. These strips were no different than those that you purchase in the Supplement stores, are less $, and actually give you more detail. And we already had them. (I even tested my own saliva) :) It may be .7 off with out the drops, but as crazy as it sounds, I do feel a difference in drinking the water that is balanced. Could be the water in my town is also fairly ph balanced to begin with. I live near the Mountain. It's all so odd, as I used to eat anything with no problems, I'm almost 60 - have trouble losing weight, which I'm told is typical of intestinal issues, and for those too who have or may have parasites, have been diagnosed at one time with E Coli, and may have never been treated properly. Something to think about. See a Gastrologist if you have severe stomach or intestinal issues. I now watch what I eat or drink for the most part or I can end up in misery. There are several ways they treat this, antibiotics, eliminating foods etc. It's a bit time consuming. Water, the right water is an easy step. Is it in the air? The changes in our earth and foods produced? Go figure. I find it really makes a difference to eat whole foods - and preferably organic. I've learned to read ingredients to know for sure. Organic is not always Organic. Typically organic in comparison is a bit higher priced but not as much as you think in the long run. Grow what you can if you are able. Even if you have an apt balcony, you'd be surprised what you can grow in pots. Small simple salad gardens, (greens, tomatoes, basil, cukes, green beans, onions) that pretty much take care of themselves and you reap the rewards! Giving away extras is always a good thing too. Two $3.99 tomato plants are still producing and are 6' tall! It's been an amazing summer and sun ripened veggies have the best flavor. I hoped this helped some. When you are searching it's nice to have a few simple tips that help. Give this product a try. No refrigeration required. ~Pam
Hi I don't know the mineral content, not certain if their customer service will be responsive. I tried to return a 'recalled' case of the Essentia water and customer service refused to honor my request. They tried to talk me out of it!
Sorry, I can't relate to having bad tasting water, I only had one shipment, & it was fine. Maybe talk to Dr. if they put you on it? Sometimes, when we are taking care of our health issues going on, for me, my taste buds, can change. I've tried other brands of ph 9+ water, & they all taste the same. Maybe try to drink it cold? Hope it helps a little. Good luck!
Heavy. Free shipping with Amazon Prime; add that to subscription price and good deal - otherwise cheaper at Whole foods. Exact weight? I do not know and never checked - no need. I will say that water weighs about 8 pounds per gallon - the weight of the box is nominal.
I just started drinking a glass two times a day and had no problem. In fact felt more hrydated and less acid reflux. And the taste is real pleasent.
No it doesn't taste salty. It taste clean.
I'm sorry, I don't know the answer. I'm sure that if you were to contact the company directly, they could tell you.
I have been using this in breads, cookies, and cakes. All GF. I love the flavor of this sugar. It adds a toasty flavor. One thing to keep in mind when using it is that it is dark in color so whatever you make is going to appear more golden or might even fool you into thinking it is "done" when it is not. Also, when using it in cookies, I cream it a little longer with my chosen butter or fat as it does not break down as fast as traditional white sugar. I've been very pleased with this products performance.
Hi, this sugar is very much like brown sugar. I use it for everything right now except for tea as it does taste different there. I use this coconut sugar for all my baking and sometimes do mix it with white sugar and sometimes not. I have never made brittle with it but I'm guessing you would be OK to use this exclusively and cut out the white. Good Luck!
I make Kombucha with it which is a fermented tea and it works just fine.
No. It's all natural. A great substitute for cane sugar!
I have read that it is supposed to be lower on the GI, but it is not a sugar substitute. In moderation, according to what I have read, it should be acceptable to someone eating a lower GI diet. I am not an expert, however, and have only found this info on the Internet. Would prefer to have it validated by a more definitive source.
I use a lot of organic coconut palm sugar...I have lost 15 pounds going off white sugar...I used this in the beginning..and then went to buying 5# Bags from our local Quail cove farm...If I do not stir it well there are little floaters...But the benifits of this products with minerals and vitamins and less fat and calories, perk the taste test for me...I also use a coconut milk to sweeten and I am now using body lab to lose weight and using Silk Coconut unsweetened milk...and have lost more weight..My blood Pressure is down and my doctor is Happy with the weight loss, remarking several times about the change in me....STICK WITH THIS..or any other Brand...the better the product the more intense the flavor...I also buy the pre filled packets to take in my purse for when I buy coffee out! There are certain brands of this for cooking, and certain brands of it for Quick dissolving..if you purchase in the 5 pound bag, it hardens quickly, so you may want too purchase an air tight container...it will last you months if you only use it for coffee and save money in the long run...I paid 25.00 for 5 pounds..or there about...
Im not sure, but it would seem that the shelf life would be comparable to any cane sugar... it has the same texture, in my opinion.
Can't say, but I doubt it. There is nothing on the package to indicate. I suggest you call them at 1800-530-2900. They are in Colorado but the product is from Indonesia. Or try their website: madhavasweeteners.com
That is why I bought this product! ( I use the single packets) for a healthy sweetner for my coffee! Works great and no does not make my espresso tastes like coconut!
Yes, 6 1lb packets. But I'd recommend Rapadura instead.
Yes. No onion or garlic, suitable for low FODMAP diets.
389mg
My product expired 5/14. It list dehydrated vegetables (onion, parsley). No garlic. Hope this helps.
"ingredients: marine salt, corn maltodextrin, sugar, yeast extract, natural vegetable flavors, canola oil, dehydrated vegetables (onion, parsley), extra virgin oilive oil, turmeric."
Yes. The Chicken, Beef and Vegetable all list onion in their ingredient list.
You get eight two packs. So yes 16 tubs.
I see onion powder listed under the ingredients but not garlic powder or garlic
I have twins and ordered these often in all flavors and I never received anything that didn't have at least 6 months until it expired.
Yes
James i honestly do not remember. I think it was in the forties. I am diabetic so i had to watch it but the cake was totally worth it!
33 grams of sugar per serving. Also, to avoid wasting eggs, I bought the small carton of egg whites in the dairy section of the grocery store and used that. Worked great.
This item was sold as one half kilogram package each.
From a flight attendant who goes to Brazil...that's where I got it...and am disappointed that I can't find it online, too. Now I'm at the mercy of her travels...
Pilao Intenso comes in a purple bag, regular Pilao comes in a red bag. This is the wrong picture, this is Melitta (different brand) Extra Forte.
Yes they are individually wrapped.
35.5% maple syrup, glucose, and sucrose, according to the package.
Correction from previous answer. I was ordering more and I noticed there are 70 according to the manufacturer.
each candy is individually packed in a transparent bag. They all are in another transparent bag. Nothing write on it.
It would be similar to a teaspoon of sugar. Each around 20-30 calories.
35.5% Maple Syrup, Glucose, Sucrose.
They are hard candies. They may last longer than me. I have some in my purse and have had them there for a while. It is hot and humid where I live now. I was at the movies today and reached for one. Was worried it may have squished up and gotten gummy. I opened the little plastic wrapper in the dark and the candy was dry and perfect. If you order them they may not last long anyway. I have some left from my last order because I kind of hoard them.
Not sure. But I feel happy about the amount. They aren't cheap but they are so worth it. I keep them in my purse and give them to people I like.
2.2 lbs
It is not dutched and there are no hydrogenated oils. The 70 % cocoa is so bitter I have not used it alone.
According to the label on my most recent purchase: "Callebaut Select L60-595 (Min. Cocoa: 60.3%)". There is no mention of either 60-40-38NV (60.1%) or L-60-40NV (60.3%) as presented on their website.
Chocolate that is not fresh has a white film over it. If your chocolate is brown then it is fresh, but even if a white film is present it will still be excellent. Try tasting it or better yet melt some with a little milk to make a chocolate sauce. This is excellent chocolate. I make a flour-less chocolate torte with this chocolate which is light and rich. If I make the same torte with ghirardelli chocolate it does not have the light richness, but rather a heavy richness. Also the taste of this chocolate is second to none.
If you melt the chocolate, and you need it to be firm at room temperature and to have a glossy sheen and a crisp texture you would need to temper it. This is the case for things like couverture for truffles and other dipped candies, molded chocolate bars or decorations like chocolate leaves and such. If you're combining the chocolate with other ingredients, such as when making ice cream, mousse or cakes it doesn't need to be tempered. If the chocolate you're using is a lower quality compound chocolate containing other fats besides cocoa butter it typically doesn't need tempering. This product, the Callebaut 60.3% chocolate discs, is not a compound chocolate but made with 100% pure cocoa butter, according to their website, and would need tempering depending upon your use of it.
Yes
label reads 100% chocolate. there is a silicone packet to protect against moisture in container reassuring me it is pure chocolate.
They are about a half inch diameter, quarter inch tall. About like chocolate chips from the grocery. The bag I got calls them Chocolate Chips.
Yes.. It is like a semi-sweet chocolate
It's pretty difficult for most manufacturers to claim this, since... "It's possible even for pure, unsweetened chocolate to contain a tiny bit of gluten if it's been subjected to gluten cross-contamination in harvesting or processing (for example, if the cacao beans are processed on equipment that also processes wheat). Sadly, the chances of having your chocolate contain gluten just go up from there." I think you would need to contact Callebaut directly for information. It is a Belgian company, btw. http://www.callebaut.com/usen/growing-great-chocolate/faq/
It was just a simple plastic bag.
Cane sugar, choice ginger, tapioca starch
I do not know, but they do make a peanut butter flavored one also, so I would tend th think yes.
Hi, Sorry I looked at the bag closely and it doesn't give the percentage of ginger in the pieces. We have the orange ginger and the peanut butter neither has the amount of ginger. The name of the company is called chimes maybe you can get this information from them. try www.chimesgourmet.com
I called and their customer service number before ordering to ask this same question - I was told about 455 chews. I haven't received my order yet so I'll update this question when I receive them.
Dont know exactly. you may need to send it to a lab. OR you may have to dissolve a piece and once the sugar is dissolved maybe there will be ginger left?? If you mean to ask if it has a strong ginger flavor then I say Yes! it is sooooo good and very strong...good for calming an upset stomach.......
Hi Jen, I've had them for quite some time, keep in the fridge, they are still good. I love them.
They are not lozendes, they are chewy. No info on packaging, but they do list an addy you could try www.chimesgourmet.com
There was not an actual count, but I would guess around 75 or more.
I do not know the answer to your question, but I am sure they will: chimesgourmet@roxytrading.com
Yes. Great color. Also diff woods will give u diff color as well. I typically use Apple but I've done oak and pecan and it had a good mahogany color. U can also just add paprika to any rub and will add color but not much of a taste
The last one I received was 12.5 oz - good stuff!
12.5 ounces of barbeque goodness!!!
I put two scoops of coffee in the filter for each cup of coffee. It pretty much fills the whole filter inside the pod. Once I put the cap on I give the bottom where the spring is a little push to compact the coffee then brew at the larger cup setting. Makes a great cup every time! Maybe it's the type of coffee or the amount you're using?
yes I am currently using this item
I believe it's plastic.
It's exactly the same size as a K cup. If the commercial Keurig takes a regular k cup there is no reason the EZ cup wouldn't work.
My Keurig at home is a mini, and it works well
If it is a Kcup brewer yes! A Rivo or Vue brewer it will not work with.
No! For K-cups only.
They are like "gummie bears"...so try it out with gummie bears and if they float, these will. I bought them, but didn't float them. They are very light...I would think so.
I can't say for sure, they're about an inch long and I easily had 50 ontop of cupcakes and there was still 3/4 of the bag left. I'm guessing a couple hundred.
It's edible gummy candy. I'm guessing the same material food item as gummy bears.
I'd say awhile if you keep them sealed in a plastic bag. I had mine for about 2 weeks before our party-didn't open them and they were fresh and tasted good when we opened them.
Nope, no soy :-)
1490mg per serving
I don't know the shelf life, but yes it needs to be refrigerated after openiing.
Not at all! You can easily add some spice and other flavoring like honey to sweeten and add a kick.
No sugar! The only ingredients listed are anchovies and sea salt.
It's very BLAND due to the fact that it's not SHARP...I was in a bind and could not get to the store, so I ordered this cheese thinking it would be " better than nothing " ( I've never had govt. cheese, but I doubt whether it would be " awesome ", if you found it to your liking, then you'll love this one ) totally lacking in any " characteristics " that would make a cheese interesting, I wasn't expecting much from a " medium " cheddar, so I wasn't very disappointed, it served it's purpose....never again, no fault of Tillamook.........for me, SHARP, or EXTRA SHARP is the only way to go.
It made it to Boston, 4 days no issues.
Serving size is 1oz, about 1 inch square. Sodium is listed at 170mg, 7% of dv. Fat is 9g, 14%dv. Delicious cheese!
http://www.tillamook.com/products/cheese/medium-cheddar.html
Sugar, water, fructose, cocoa, natural flavor, unsweetened chocolate, potassium sorbate, salt, soy lecithin.
Serving size is 2 Tbs and there are about 62 servings per container. There are 110 cals per serving
yes
7g
Having spent 7 years of frequent contact with the Lakota clan on Pine Ridge, SD, perhaps I can offer some close-to-accurate comments for you. If my memory serves me correctly, the original pemmican was made by grinding buffalo meat with a species of tart, nutritious berries that grew in the Great Plains region. These were called "buffalo berries" in English, because it was noted that bison could sustain themselves on this fruit during the cold months, when it dried out and clung to the bush. For mass production, it would not be practical to locate and harvest enough of these in the wild to meet public demand. However, the domestically-grown cranberry makes a perfect substitute, having a very high nutritious profile similar to buffalo berries. I'm sure that Tanka bars taste a lot better than the original pemmican. First of all, the bison meat is lightly smoked, which is far more flavorful that sun-dried bison--especially since the smoking process incorporates a lot of salt. Also, there is added sugar to offset the tartness of cranberries. Thirdly, there is oil added to make them moist and chewy. (I'm not certain, but I do recall there was some fat incorporated into the original pemmican, as well.) Tanka Bars are designed to preserve your teeth, too, since they're moist, chewy and free from the occasional berry-pits that caused many Native old-timers to lose a tooth occasionally. The salt and the smoking process would give you a very respectable shelf life, (perhaps somewhat comparable to that of any other "jerky"-type meat), as long as the plastic packaging remains intact. I've enjoyed them well over a year old (stashed in my prep pack)...You can find more info on their website -- I think you'd really enjoy checking it out... http://www.tankabar.com/cgi-bin/nanf/public/main.cvw
I recall that the snacks didn't taste too salty but I don't believe that the packages specified the amount of sodium (only that sea salt was used).
dietary fiber content is 1g or 4%
I do not think so. These should be Paleo friendly.
I don't have them anymore, so I can't answer your question. I will say that they were very god
This is a delicious bar made of mainly buffalo and cranberry and seasonings. The lactic acid comes from a starter culture.
6g dried cranberries and sugar
6 Grams in 1 bar
Ingredients: Sugar, Water, Fructose, Cocoa, Natural Flavor, Unsweetend Chocolate, Potassium Sorbate (a preservative), Salt, Soy, Lecithin (an emulsifier). I've been buying this for years to use to make mochas at home and love it. It tastes good on bananas and ice cream too.
The pump is separate.
20 mg
I have never mixed it with cold milk , my local coffee house uses this type of dark chocolate , it is very concentrate , it may be a little much for cold milk , I would recommend buying a smaller amount in case you don't like it . I love mixing it with hot coffee .
The bottle I received was 87.3 ounces
Yes, these are for Keurig machines. Delicious!
Ingredients: Sugar, Glucose syrup Solids, Cocoa (Processed with Alkali), Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (May Contain Coconut, Soybean, Sunflower, Palm and/or Canola), Nonfat Dry Milk, Modified Whey, Maltodextrin, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Caseinate, Cornstarch, Lactose, Dipotassium Phosphate, Sucralose, Mono- and Diglycerides, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color.
Awesome...it is so yummy..
I am not sure. I believe all Keurig machines take k cups, but I would check with the company just to be sure.
I haven't seen any from this brand. Cocoa inherently has caffeine. The closest thing I've seen is carob drinks that are similiar that are made for Mormons - they avoid caffeine. You might want to check carob out.
They do not have a white ring on them.
The single-serve hot chocolate K-cups are the same size as the coffee K-cups, so to answer your question, if your Keurig machines takes the regular coffee K-cups, then it will take the hot chocolate ones. A K-cup is a K-cup I believe. Hope this helps.
THE INGREDIENTS LIST NONFAT DRY MILK
I haven't tried their dark chocolate but I have tried the milk chocolate and it is absolutely yummy. It is 11 g of carbs and the sugar is 6 g and totally worth every carb!
this product contains sucralose
Yes, you get 36 cups.
Yes
It tastes great! Just like a coffee shop. I prefer pushing the big cup on the Keurig.
No, no foam but I usually top it off with whipped cream and some sprinkled cinnamon powder. Yum
I drink I this stuff and it is great. happen to be out of stock now, but might go to Grove Square web page or call the company. Here is the information for the company that makes it. I got some dark hot cocoa from them via Amazon last week. That cocoa is great dark chocolate is my preferred choice. www.grovestand.com or 1-866-596-2736. It is manufactured by STRUM FOODS,INC located in MANAWA , Wisconsin 54949. Just across the pond (Lake Michigan from Me ! ) I will post the calories later if I can locate this for you. Have a Blessed Day !Hope this information help you out.
Hi Shannon, No, it is not decaf.
This is an ingredient list I found in one of the reviews...Nasty stuff...Ingredient: Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), Sugar, Corn Syrup Solids, Instant Coffee, Sodium Caseinate, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Cocoa (processed with alkali), Dipotassium Phosphate, Cornstarch, Mono- and Diglycerides, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color, "Sucralose".
Yes! This coffee is like the hot coco. If you don't rinse it hardens up where the coffee comes out or if you don't have time to rinse, just grab a paper towel and wipe the part where it drip so it won't have a film that hardens. Also, you can just run your Keurig with just the hot water and that's an easy clean up :-)
80 calories per serving, total fat - 4.5g 7%, Sodium -7%, Total Cabohydrate 3%. You can call 1-866-596-2736 for more information
No
Yes that is right. It contains 5g of sugar.
It contains sucralose
I would think so, but not sure as I have a kerig
While this isn't specifically marked Gluten Free, I have Celiac Disease and follow a GF diet and have no problem with these. Ingredients are listed as: Vegetable Oil, sugar, corn syrup, instant coffee, salt, sodium caseinate, natural and artificial flavors, cocoa, dipotassium phosphate, cornstarch, mono and di glycerides, silicon dioxide, soy lecithin, artificial color and sucralose. CONTAINS: MILK and SOY. I hope that helps..they're really good :)
I have a Keurig, I don't know.
Found the ingredients on the manufacture's website. It does include artificial sweeteners (sucralose) and trans fat (partially hydrogenated vegetable oil). Ingredient Statement: Sugar, Glucose Syrup Solids, Cocoa (processed with alkali), Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), Nonfat Dry Milk, Modified Whey, Maltodextrin, Salt, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Caseinate, Cornstarch, Lactose, Dipotassium Phosphate, Sucralose, Mono- and Diglycerides, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color.
I have not found one yet that didn't have the artificial sweetener in it which is disappointing since the machines are so expensive.So I stick to the packets for tea and hot cocoa.
No taste of coffee at all, just cocoa. I also love the hot cider, no coffee taste there either.
60 cals, 2g fat, 11g carb, 6 g sugar. Hope this helps.
Manama, WI is where Grove Square manufactured.
It is milk minus the fat. Depending on what part of regular milk you are allergic to. Check with your physician.
I am unfamiliar with the coffee bean and tea leaf system. They work with Keurig coffee makers.
It has nonfat dry milk. When I bought it I was hoping it didn't have milk in it, but it does.
200 mg
It only takes pods with a Kuerig symbol. This did not have the symbol and was rejected them. Only buy items so marked.
Ryan, k cups are usually about 50 cents each. This would mean this purchase should be 3 boxes of 18 each. This is great tasting coffee.
product is in kcup form loose grounds work best for a French press
Under your account, click on your account, then under more order actions, click on return or replace items. Then under the topic 'start a return' click on return items and find your order then click on return or replace items, then follow the prompts to return or replace. Hope this helps...Amazon is usually very good at replacing merchandise that is defective.
No, there are 24 pods, very good product
In the Grove Square Pumpkin spice cappuccino, each serving contains 20-30mg of caffeine. The cafe Escapes Chai Latte is estimated at less than 10 mg caffeine per serving. Hope this is helpful
Somebody posted the wrong picture along with the item description
80 Calories per serving (40 from Fat), Total Fat 4.5g (all saturated), Sodium 170 mg, Carbs 9g, Sugars 5g.
I think it's because this flavor contains some sugar which could eventually clog the opening but I still use it.
The ingredients on the box states it contains milk and soy.
I'm sorry; I don't know about the gluten free status on this coffee. I don't have a problem with gluten, so did not need that information. Hope the inquirer receives an answer.
I am guessing yes since I didn't see it say decaf on the box.
The green box "better" stevia does not have any maltodextrin. BUT it does contain (in addition to silica which both types contain) Inulin(FOS) which is a fructan class carbohydrate. also goes by names such as Neosugar, Alant Starch, Atlanta Starch, Alantin, Dahlin, Helenin, and Diabetic Sugar. Not sure why either is necessary. The packets on the green box are more foil than paper and a little difficult to manage. A lot of the powder "sticks" to the foil.
Total Carbohydrate 1 g Sugar 0 g (According to Nutrition Facts on box)
I have this product it is excellent..the ingredients states; Organic inulin (FOS) Certified Organic Stevia Extract (Stevia rebaudiana ) (Leaf and Silica.. I searched for a product without added fillers as a lot of them have..This one has nothing added
So many variables of your own preferences here, but I'd say 2 - 3 packets for a half gallon. It is strong but they have portioned the packets to be similar in strength to other sweetener packets.
I've never tried baking with it, but I know the sweetness dissipates with extended heat.... as in letting a hot coffee sit until it's cold. It will not be as sweet. I suggest contacting the NOW company for some advice...www.nowfoods.com .NOW FOODS is based in Bloomingdale Illinois. Good luck!
Yes! Make sure to seal air tight after opening the container. I love this brand.
Yes. That is the only way I bake bread. Keep in the refeigerator between uses.
I can't tell a difference between this and the store brand yeast I used to buy! Maybe it is your specific batch?
no, this is not instant or bread machine yeast.
GENERAL INFORMATION Gluten-Free RED STAR, SAF and bakipan consumer yeast products are gluten-free. They do not contain wheat gluten or other cereal protein that cause allergic reactions in people with gluten intolerance. Please note this exception: Red Star Platinum contains enzymes derived from wheat flour and for this reason is not gluten free.
If the recipe calls for active dry yeast, then I would say yes.
I purchased mine a few months ago and the expiration is March 2016. I'm sure I've used this well beyond the expiration date, though, in the past. Keep it in a jar in the freezer. As long as it is still working, it is OK.
it recommends stored in glass container in fridge. i want to say the exp. date was 6mos-1yr on mine
As soon as you open it. It becomes granuals. It is just vacuum sealed.
Pumping your septic system on a regular basis is the best way maintain your septic system. I don't believe baker's yeast or any additives are useful for maintaining a healthy septic system. You're making a statement that I don't believe is true. Baker's yeast is one type of bacteria, and there are all types of bacteria already in there and you're constantly feeding the septic system with more and more bacteria every day. That said, it isn't going to hurt for you to put some yeast into your septic system. As one website I saw said, "It's like adding a teaspoon of salt into the ocean to make it taste saltier." But give it a try. It might make for an new and interesting kind of sour dough starter. ;-)
Sea Salt is not listed in the ingredients list. Sodium ranges from 2mg to 5mg per serving.
100 % wholegrain brown rice, spinach powder,red bell pepper powder No cross contamination. I've used all but the Vegetable Rotini - great products - this ingredient list is from that package.
Sorry, I have yet to find a GF pasta that converts to pasta salad. They all seem to resolidify when chilled.
No. These are rice.
No
Yes
No
It all depends on the ingredients in each one (Brown Rice, White Rice, Quinoa, Corn, etc) In general, Calories & Carbs are lower in Gluten free foods than the ones they replace.
It seems not, only brown or white rice flours. that's all I could find in the ingredients.
No, I'm pretty sure they're all rice flour. Corn isn't listed in the allergen section at all.
In the product description on the Amazon page, it says it's kosher.
I'm not 100% sure...bought it for my wedding last October and no longer have packaging. However, a google search showed me that gelatin seems to be a common ingredient in taffy
We also have a lighter blue that is cotton candy flavored. Hope this helps! Have a sweet day!
I'm sorry; I do not know.
Texture? Is that what your asking?
The package says they are manufactured by Sea Tangle Noodle Co for Gold Mine Natural Food Co San Diego, CA. Their website is goldminenaturalfoods.com
Kelp grows in the ocean, so they would not be classified as "organic" because that relates to farming without chemicals or GMO seeds. These Kelp Noodles are made from sea kelp, water, and sodium alginate which comes from brown seaweed. And... that is all. We love them and use them a lot. We got into the subscription plan so we never will run out.
I can only suggest you look at the ingredients to insure there are no kosher sensitive ingredients.... And follow up with online research.
It doesn't state that anywhere on the packaging. But you could check out their website: www.goldminenaturalfoods.com
I don't have an answer as I didn't eat much as I didn't like them.
My son hated the chocolate cake I made with hemp oil. My husband loved it. It does have a distinct taste. So really depends how much you like the flavor.
Unrefined
From Nutiva's website : "Cultivated for thousands of years throughout Asia and the Middle East before finally making its way to Europe and then the Americas, hemp is an extremely versatile and hardy plant. Its many uses include food products, textiles, building materials, bio-plastics, auto parts and more. Hemp is not to be confused with marijuana. Although the two plants are related, hemp does not contain THC (the active ingredient in marijuana), but instead is known as one of the most nutritious foods on the planet. It was once widely grown in the United States for its fiber. In fact, one of our founding fathers, George Washington, was a hemp farmer! Rich in protein, omega-fatty acids and fiber, hemp has a nutty-tasting seed with a wide variety of uses. Hemp is loaded with all 20 amino acids (including the 9 essential). This densely nutritious food is an excellent addition to the diet of anyone looking for plant-based protein, and is preferred by many vegetarians and vegans. The protein found in hemp seed is very digestible, making it a great choice for sensitive diets. The seed we use comes from certified organic and non-GMO hemp that is grown on farms in Canada. Hemp is the world's most sustainable plant as it is easily cultivated and grown in a variety of areas, does not deplete the soil and requires less water than other crops. We'd love to support U.S. farmers, but it is currently not legal to grow it in this country!" Hope this helps.
Don't know what BCD means, but I give it to my dog with itchy skin, and it helps him a lot. I'll buy it again.
I keep them in my refrigerator. I'm not certain what Sprout House recommends though.
I would send this question to The Sprout House. They have a question and answer page and are extremely helpful. I only use these seeds to grow sprouts in my kitchen in jars. You can buy broccoli seeds much cheaper than this at any garden store. I wouldn't use them in a garden. If for no other reason than cost.
With these broccoli seeds, I would say "no." With sunflower spouts, the sprout emerges with the seed still exposed. I don't know if it can be used again. The Sprout House has a question and answer page and would cheerfully answer this for you. But if you are wondering about collecting seeds from sprouts, I believe the answer is "no."
Is really easy and almost the same for all kind of seeds: take about one spoon of any seed mixture (double if seeds are biger size) and soak them in wather overnight. Rinse them and put them in the sprouter (a jar or even the plastic box where you buy alfalfa sprouts in the market). water them at least twice a day for about a week. Do not put the sprouter in the sun. In the summer you can harvest your sprouts in a week or less. Enjoy it! :)
Of the 12 packets one has Kamut wheatwheat. No rye or barley. A few have alfalfa.
2 ounces X 12 packages.
If you mean soaking them, rinsing and draining until they grow the first set of leaves (cotyledons) and then harvesting, then yes, I have some growing now. "A microgreen consists of a central stem having two fully developed cotyledon leaves, ...". Is that what you mean?
The packages only say they are certified organic, non-GMO by NOFA-NY. No country of origin is listed. Call the Sprout House at 1-800-SPROUTS.
All climate zones! These seeds are for sprouting and sprouting is done indoors. No soil needed, no weeding, no bugs. Just the seeds, some water, a sprouter, and a little bit of your time. These seeds are not for planting. Enjoy! Sprout Lady Rita
No, about 4 Tablespoons
Yes
Yes
I have the Hamilton Beach single cup coffee maker and it uses the Senseo coffee pods or these. You have to put one in the bottom of the holder then flip the top closed and set the second on top of that. Works great for two of these pods. I wish I could attach a picture. If you look at the Hamilton Beach coffee maker it shows the pod holder that is supposed to work with the Senseo coffee maker too.
6.1cm or 2 1/16 inches. One of these fits exactly in the Senseo 2-pod holder (you do NOT use the single-pod holder) or the Hamilton Beach A 70 single-serve coffee maker. In fact, you can stack two of them in the HB A70 for a stronger cup of coffee. I usually use one in my Senseo.
Absolutely. You can even stack TWO of them if you want stronger coffee. When I bought the 49970 it came with a package of Senseo pods. But after you use those up, you can use the ecopads instead. It's much cheaper to use your own coffee.
yes, it is compatible with the Black & Decker that I have but I still have to mess with the grounds. So I ordered the disposable pads which work great.
Yes they will. That is the model I have and enjoy them very much. Cost effective and can change up your flavors according to the coffee you prefer.
4 pack
I am not sure. I have one of the earliest Senseo machines and the work perfectly once you adjust the fill to how strong you like it.
I have the model #7810. There is a note in the description...NOTE: Ecopad ONLY works in the Philips Senseo Coffee maker models that start with HD781. Yours starts with 785. I hope you find something that works.
The one I got are the tan ones, they could pass for light brown.
No i dont think that would work..have a good day
Of course. This price is for a case which has 12 boxes and each box has 6 packets inside. Thank you
From the box, it says aspartame maltodextrin. I believe this is just like splenda.
My expiration date for what I ordered in October, 2014 said may, 2016, so about a year and a half.
There are 6 singles in each box and 12boxes per case.
The box makes no reference to caffeine.
Yes. You get 12 boxes, each box contains 6 packets, so 72 altogether.
What I got was 12 boxes of 12 individual packets. I ordered the diet lemon iced tea mix.
In this particular offer there are 12 boxes that contain 6 sticks each, making this a total of 72 sticks (one case) for $19.99 plus shipping.
Half of the nutrients are in the bones and skins - also great flavor. I also prefer sardines in oil! &#9788; Bud &#9788;
150mg, 6% of your Daily Value
The ones I bought three weeks ago have a best by Dec 31, 2016 on them
Next to "Nutrition Facts" it states "Product of Morocco Wild Caught"
Hmm, I'm not sure. I'd say 95g is the net weight (with liquid drained). That sounds about right to me. The nutrition is definitely that of a 120g can or sardines :)
Generally speaking, each tin will contain 3. I've had tins that contained 2 large sardines and some that contained 4.
I do not know.
As a purchase date of July 17 2014 with a Best Buy date of April 15 2016.
I think it's more white grapefruit flavor. There's no sweetness, just grapefruit essence.
According to what I've read, True Grapefruit contains no sugar. It does not make the things you put it in sweet, it gives that liquid the flavor only of Grapefruit. It's good, real good!
I am not a medical doctor, but from what I've researched, grapefruit juice is grapefruit juice, whether fresh, reconstituted, or dehydrated (as this product is) and should not be consumed while taking statins, or side effects (such as muscle pain and weakness) could be magnified.
These are tiny-- like the size of a sugar packet. It takes several to flavor a 16.9 ounce bottle of water. I guess it depends on how flavored you want your water, but I like mine to be strong. Maybe about 6 packs does it for me.
No. 100% grapefruit crystals.
When used in normal moderation, this product should not be a problem. I have used the True citrus products for quite some time and I have never had any tooth enamel problems nor any cavities. Its a great, natural product that is a safer alternative than the chemicals used in soda, which through the years have shown to cause tooth decay.
I got one cover in the package.
There's not really any suction, but it's more than wide enough to fit over most mugs. The slot can hang off the edge if I position it right.
It's a hard color to pin down. I'd say that mine is not as light as the top photo, or as dark as the second photo. The third photo (with the bag being squeezed into the cup) looks the most like what I have. Color notwithstanding, it's a great product.
If you are asking if you can put it in the knob area No and I would not leave a tea bag just sitting on it longer than using it to make my second cup.
It's 100% silicone, so yes, but my friend uses it as something to cover the mug after in the microwave, until it's done steeping and ready to drink.
It is microwave safe but you shouldn't have to use it in the microwave. Just put it on after you heat up water for tea and let it sit for a couple of minutes.
Yes it does - it is marked as 41% in the ingredient list. I've never found vanilla extract that doesn't have alcohol. When you make homemade vanilla extract, you make it with vanilla beans and alcohol.
It is plastic.
Mine says...Best if used by June 25 18.
The product I have is December 2015
No, but it's good for baking.
gluten free/ vanilla bean extract in water and alcohol-41% !!!! that's it, john
The label says, "vanilla bean extract in water and alcohol (41%)"
No
I do not believe it is. You could contact McCormick to be sure. I hear there is some McCormick Vanilla that has corn syrup added to it but it would say so in the ingredients. The one I have been getting from Amazon does not.
Vanilla Extract should not have gluten. Here's a source if you want more verification: http://glutenfreedays.com/glutenfreefaqs.php
Sugar is the first ingredient listed and water the second, but no sucralose. Used for nausea, and not to make a drink. A cap full when needed.
It's the exact same product. :) Edited to add: If you're not familiar with Amazon's Add-on Item program, here's a link to the details:
No, this has cane syrup in it. It is not a Diet product. I would say it is closer to Coke than Pepsi though. I honestly use half as much as it says to use, and it still gives a good flavor.
Nope. Ingredients: Sugar, water, caramel coloring, phosphoric acid, citric acid, sodium citrate, natural flavor, caffeine.
Water + carbon dioxide = seltzer
Yes
I think you'd have to ask Fortuna about that process; I was just the eater and the Sausage was edible immediately upon receipt as soon as I could get the pumpernickle
I didnt find it to be. It tastes like really, really high quality salami.
yes they sure do
Per there website they are Approximately 1lb for each 2 piece rope(order).
24 boxes. Each box has about 15-20 sheets.
Doesn't sound very tasty...it's the salty, umami flavor of seeweed that makes its soo tasty and sastifying. Only my opinion, but I think it would be best just to crunch on...
.17oz. Very light.
It says so on the package: 100% natural, no sugar, no MSG, no preservatives.
No, it is not entirely organic. If you look at the ingredient list you can clearly see that it has "salt" as one of the ingredients. Salt is not an organic compound, but rather a compound composed of sodium and chlorine ions (and could contain various other ions depending on the source from which the salt was obtained.)
Sodium content is 50mg per 5gram package. Hope this helps!
According to their ingredient list...............yes.
My recently received box says "Best Before 12.11.2015.
If I had to estimate based on size, id say about 18-22 spread across the 24 boxes
Yes.
20 Years
I use piping hot water from a kureg coffee pot, it is easier than boiling it. It is suppose to be boiling water but hot seems to work ok, just takes a little longer.
don't know
Its fine for one . The bags reseal .
The ingredients are natural. These are the ingredients in Mountain House Beef Stew: Potatoes, Cooked Beef (bbef & salt), Carrots, Peas, Corn Oil & contains 2% or less of modified corn starch (a thickener), Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein (hydrolyzed corn, torula & brewers yeast, wheat gluten, soy protein), Dehydrated Onions, Sugar, Spices, Spice Extract, Soybean Oil & Garlic Powder.
It's not the nice lemongrass tea. Not nearly as good.
The Good Earth Green Tea--Lemongrass--decaffeinated comes in a purple box. It is made by the Good Earth Corp. in Montvale, NJ. It is my favorite tea.
yes
He'll no. I got burned
890mg per 1.5tsp
Hello Nancy! We are happy to help! We have included the nutritional facts below: Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1.5 tsp (4.5 g) Servings about 28 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 10Calories from fat 0 Total Fat 0 g 0% Saturated Fat 0 g 0% Trans Fat 0 g Sodium 890 mg 37% Total Carb. less than 1 g 0% Protein less than 1 g Not a significant source of Cholesterol, Dietary Fiber, Sugars, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Calcium and Iron *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Calories 2,000 2,500 Total Fat Less than 65 grams 80 grams Saturated Fat Less than 20 grams 25 grams Cholesterol Less than 300 mg 300 mg Sodium Less than 2,400 mg 2,400 mg Total Carbohydrate 300 grams 375 grams Dietary Fiber 25 grams 30 grams Calories per gram: Fat 9 Carbohydrate 4 Protein 4 Ingredients: Sea salt, yeast extract, organic rice flour, organic sunflower oil, organic onions 3.6%, organic carrots 1.8%, organic celery 1.8%, organic spices (organic turmeric, organic mace), organic parsley. Use for traditional and contemporary soups, sauces, stews and casseroles. Directions: Dissolve one tablespoon of broth in two cups of water. Stir and boil. Add vegetables and additional ingredients of your choice for a hardy, delicious soup. Enjoy! We hope this helps! If we may be of further assistance, please let us know! Kayla P. Customer Care Specialist
860 mg
Manufactured by Texas Best Unlimited, LP in Kerrville, TX
Hi these toppers fit any standard wide mouth mason jar, it doesn't matter what the size of the jar itself is as long as it is marked as "wide mouth". I use pint size jars for a family of two.
Yes, I boiled one of these lids for over 20 + minutes , a rolling boil, they will definitely handle it !
Sorry, do not know. But I use 2-qt. jars, and even steeply tilted, my sprouts do not rest against the lids, so there's very little, very brief contact with the lids themselves.
No, 3 different sizes to cover all seeds you might use.
It is all one piece, Barry
No, I couldn't see any. I was concerned about BPA but the seeds/sprouts don't really touch the plastic except when being rinsed, and I was told that the metal ones rust. Have you found any stainless steel lids? Those would be perfect but might be relatively expensive.
They fit perfectly on standard wide mouth mason jars pint and quart. Maybe you can see if your mayo lid fits on one of those?
I'm not sure, but I'm not too concerned since these are only used to rinse the seeds with (strain the water from the sprouts). They work well.
yes
produced by NOW FOODS BLOOMINGDALE,ILL produced in a GMP facility,vegetarian,and veganand gluten free
? not sure, When I purchased it it was to put in my coffee.
Amazon could do a lot better on showing ingredients for some of their products. This has de-ionized water, organic stevia extract, and 11% organic alcohol. I've tried several different stevia liquids and powders and this Now Better Stevia is the best. There is very little after taste compared to many other products.
dear constance and amazon: thank you for contacting us about the now foods, certified organic stevia extract 8oz., non-bitter stevia (meaning that in the past there was a little bit of a bitter after taste, currently non-bitter is not displayed on the label anymore) was the previous version of what is now called "better stevia which is a better and improved certified organic formula. we are glad to help, you may also get your technical questions answerd by calling the manufacturer "now foods" at 1(888)669-3663, press #5 and live help will be at your service. we hope to hear from you in near future. best regards esbca team
My personal opinion.....I like Dandy blend better. There's a certain after taste with Teechino for me. I have tried may flavors. I am just not a fan :-/ Dandy blend is smoother and even a little frothy. much better, especially with Stevia
he gluten from the barley and rye is eliminated in the extracting process. Here's how Peter Gail, the owner of the company explains it on their web site: "Dandy Blend is made of the water-soluble extracts of five ingredients--three roots and two grains. The ingredients are roasted separately and them combined in prescribed proportions, placed into a vat, covered with hot water, and allowed to steep for a prescribed period of time. The water, with the soluble portions of all the components, is separated from the grounds and spray dried. The remaining fine brown powder left after the water is driven off is what becomes Dandy Blend. All the gluten and other water-insoluble substances are left behind in the grounds to be composted. "Hence, there is no gluten in Dandy Blend. Goosefoot Acres periodically submits samples of Dandy Blend to Elisa Technologies Laboratory in Florida, one of the most respected gluten testing labs in the United States for analysis, and so far, every test has come back gluten-free.
The bag says no additives,nothing artificial and no pesticides but it does not say organic.
I like coffee with cream but I like this black. It doesn't taste like coffee but is satisfying like coffee/robust and smooth.
I really don't picture it tasting "right" with chocolate... It is indeed delicious, but to me it's more of a softer taste, like a coffee-flavored tea. Well, wait a minute... Let me make some and see!! Ha... Hmmm... Gee, actually it's pretty good! I added more Dandy Blend than I normally would have to make it stronger. Better than I thought it would be!! I totally love caf mochas, so this is a decent alternative indeed. Not AS good, but yes, you could live with this!! :)
That would be like putting instant coffee grounds in the coffee pot. ..you could, but why? I just mix a tablespoon or so in hot milk/almond milk or water. Eazy peezy!
Sorry, I haven't had others. This is super tasty though.
Never heard this before!
Hey now! Don't be stirring up trouble!! Dandy Blend is awesome. A little modified sugar beet won't kill you. The stress from worrying over it might, though. (But if you find out, let me know!)
Yes, I have used almond milk. I'm sure cow's milk is even better.
I just looked there is 5mg of sodium per tbsp. I have to say that the flavor is very good, not your typical salt substitute taste. It was kind of pricey with shipping, but I would buy it again.
a product called AlsoSalt - potassium and lysine
From the Nutrition label: Serv. Size 1 Tbsp; Calories 20; Fat Cal. 0; Total Fat 0g; Cholest. 0 mg; Sodium 5 mg; Potassium 170 mg; Total Carb. 5 mg; Dietary Fiber 0 mg; Sugars 4 mg; Protein 0 mg. Made with AlsoSalt (www.alsosalt.com).
Yes. Most grocery stores carry this for about $3. The Kroger and Safeway chains here both have it. It also looks like another seller on Amazon has 6 bottles for $19. That would be a better choice.
Yes, these ionic products are gluten free. Its the best way to take them as 99% is absorbed by the body as opposed to tablets that may only deliver a small portion of their nutrient value.
No
seems to help my leg cramps, I also take potassium carbonate.
Good question. Long answer:I have been mixing mine. I combine 1/2 cap ionic Magnesium with 1/2 cap Ionic Zinc, 1 cap Potassium and 1 cap Ionic Selenium all in 3/4 cup of water. Followed by 1tsp Bicarbonate of Soda in 1/2 cup water and (separately) 1tsp of Ascorbic Acid in 1/2 cup water. Then 20 min later 15 lateral drops of Lugol's 2% Iodine in 1/2 cup Distilled water. I did not read these directions, I do not recommend this system, although I have been following same X 1 month and it seems to work for me...so far. After all look at the combinations in one daily multivitamin. Welcome any insights or constructive comments.
They will never answer the question. In all likelihood, Stevita is the same as Truvia sweetener that is 99.5% erythritol, and 0.5% ribiana, an extract from the stevia plant. That's right, only TRACE amounts of stevia. The majority of the contents is the GMO-based substance, erythritol, that researchers have recently learned is an effective BUG KILLER - you know, as in INSECTICIDE. Imagine, erythritol can kill your cravings for sugar, and kill bugs too ... how convenient is that? This sweetener is falsely being promoted as "natural" because it contains erythritol - but not NOT in its natural form - in the chemically-produced form, and also by the inclusion of a trace amount of stevia extractives. How trace? ... you can only guess, because clearly Stevita Inc. is not going to tell you. A class-action lawsuit against Truvia, for the very same reason - consumer fraud - cost them $60m in settlement fees for consumers to obtain refunds for being deceived. One can only hope that Stevita starts telling folks the truth about their product lest they suffer the same fate as Truvia.
It depends on the seller of the product...there are many different sellers, all have different prices. The manufacturer is Stevita Co., they set the MSRP.
No, Brazil and distributed from Texas.
You can bake with it, but use much less than you would of sugar. See conversion chart at cooking with stevia dot com.
What the container says is: "Stevita Spoonable Stevia uses only stevia extract with at least 95% pure glycosides (extremely sweet tasting ingredients of the Stevia herb leaves), and erythritol, a crystal granulated naturally produced filler found in fruit, vegetables and grains."
No, no spoon. Use very small measuring spoon it is very strong.
No it is not listed as one of the ingredients.
The "serving size" is 1/3 tsp (or 1 g), but it is so concentrated that I don't usually even use that for a cup of tea. The company's website offers recipes (http://www.stevitastevia.com/recipe.php) with suggestions for how much of each of their stevia products to use.
No, it does not come from China, but what difference does it make? The primary ingredient is erythritol which is chemically produced from GMO corn...that fact should have as much or even more concern for consumers.
Yes
I'm sorry it says it contains wheat flour.
no it doesn't, indeed i was pleasant surprised at how unsalted it was. and it is very tasty. no msg. not at all.
It does not say msg in list of ingredients.
We sell this item in a pack of 12 for 84.01 Thanks Cirrus for the call and bring this to my attention.
I believe so, they are delicious too
No, it really tastes like cheese.
Alive and Radiant is out of Oakland - so definitely a Nor Cal company!
These are real grains. I received mine during summer via USPS and they were warm so I kept them in the refrigerator for 5 days and then started the activation procedure as directed (using store pasteurized whole milk for 1st four batches) and now make a quart every-other day now. I get raw milk to use and let stand in glass Ball quart jars with cheesecloth or linen caps held on with rubber bands. Mine set for @ 24 hours when kitchen cabinet is above 75 degree F, and up to 36 hours from 65 -75 degrees. When the whey separates out (semi-milky liquid) to the bottom; which, can be stirred back into the kifer, at this point I cut back the time by 2-4 hours. To get a thicker cream I let set for 12 - 24 hours in cabinet (out-of-sunlight) to pour over frozen fruit with a drizzle of honey/maple syrup, it's better than ice cream! Use cream kefir for smoothies (milkshake style), scrambled eggs, oatmeal (hot) cereal etc.. Regular kefir I refrigerate after separating out grains for drinking (w/honey or maple syrup), cold cereals, regular smoothies, cooking & baking (for baking increase by 25% for milk amount with organic whole wheat) but watch during cooking time and adjust baking times accordingly. My last A1c test for diabetes was normal for the first time in 10 yrs with medication reduction and my obese son has lost 60 lbs in less than 1 yr with diet change w/exercise routine. I also make kefir cream cheese dips(s), cheddar cheese and trying other foods with kefir. Recipes included via email are what I primarily use as my guide.
I think it would depend on how you transport or carry or store them. With a little milk around them and kept cold, I would say they would be very happy for a week or more. If we go away on vacation, I put them in a jar covered with milk and put them into the refrigerator. They do make kefir, although more slowly, and are just fine when we return one or two weeks later. As for longer, I can guess they would still be good, but I've not left them longer than two weeks. If you have time to play around with them, take a few grains and put them into the refrigerator or in whatever circumstances you will try them, and see what happens over time. Continue to treat the remaining grains as usual. It is not clear to me as to whether you are here on a visit and wish to take them back to your own country or what, so I still hope that this helps.
I am guessing air travel has the same impact as mailing from a post office to out of state, as usually at some point it is on a plane. I've successfully mailed active grains to friends out of state twice now. I packed the grains in cool milk, place in a baggy, and expressed all of the air. I then wrapped the baggy with a couple paper towels, just in case of a little leakage (never happened so far). I then put just a bit of bubble wrap in it and placed in a small mailing box (smallest flat rate box at USPS). It is ultra protected, and always arrives in good shape. I always have put the entire package in the fridge the night before I shipped, of course it was summer then, so I believe that was helpful. 2-3 days later they arrived at their destination just fine. Should be just fine in your friends baggage, whether on board or carried on.
I use one cup of milk per table spoon of grains.
Well, the one I received was tightly packed in a small silver bubble envelope. I am not sure if it prevented freezing bug probably helped a bit. I was home to receive it so the package was not laying around in the coldness which surely helped. I would advise you to ship it to a place where you know someone will be there to pick it up. My cultures are thriving now, good luck!
yes as long as there is milk sugars for your grains to eat there won't be a problem, just be sure your grains are healthy before you begin to add coconut milk.
You can use the grains with coconut milk as long as you transfer them back to cow's or goat's milk after a few batches. I believe the best coconut milk to use is the one in a can since it is less processed. You can use any cow's milk. Thickness and consistency is not that great if you use non-fat. Also, Organic does not work very well unless you can find the one that is not too ultra pasteurized. When you transition to other milk, it does take time for the grains to get used to the new environment. Hope this helps.
Will slightly sour raw milk ruin the kefir grains? My grains were working great. They multiplied and even went from making 2 quarts in 24 hours to making 8 quarts. I used some slightly sour milk and now my kefir is very thin. The wonderful smell of the kefir is still present, just lost the consistency I had before. Is there any thing to save my once wonderful kefir grains?
Click on Fusion Teas and scroll down on the right hand side there is a link to Contact this Seller. If you ordered the product you can contact them through your account under Your Orders.
You can use them in goat milk right away. Milk Kefir grains can be used in just about any milk, even the soy and nut milks, although they won't "grow" well, if at all, in non-dairy milks. If your intolerance is to lactose, Kefir grains actually eat the lactose (milk sugar) and you end up with something that most lactose intolerant people can then consume.
Caramel, Mint, French Vanilla and Regular
Mint, raspberry, Arctic white, French vanilla, double fudge, warm oatmeal cookie, and chocolate supreme. Yum!
There are six packets in each box and seven boxes in each set. The flavors in each box are the same, but the boxes in each set vary, depending on which one you get. For example there may be a box of mint flavored chocolate in one set, but something else in another. Shop around for your favorite flavor before making your purchase, either in a store, or on line.
140 per packet (I have a variety box of 5 flavors). That's a bit high, BUT L-O-L is made from non-fat dry milk and not NON-DAIRY CREAMER like the other major store brands. I'd rather have actual milk (with the calcium) than hydrogenated faux cocoa ! This is by far the best instant cocoa I've tasted.
I buy these cookies in the wintertime (northeast USA). They are absolutely delicious and very festive. They come in a nice (reusable) tin box and there are two trays of cookies. There at least 15 different types with 4 of each type per tray -- so that is 120 cookies in total in the whole box. The Belgium chocolate is really good and the variety across the different types is light/milk/dark chocolate covering over some type of shortbread cookie or sugar wafer style. Probably more than you asked, but I think these are well worth the price, especially if you are setting a nice buffet or having a party and want to get that extra 'oomf'. I first tasted these during a class I was teaching in Germany and asked the host for more info about the cookies they served during the break. They provided me with some to take home back to Pennsylvania and since then I've waited for cooler weather so I can order them on line. Amazon has been a great location to order from, packaged well and always arrive in good shape. 5 out of 5 star rating from me.
Three pounds, but all good quality, no sub-par filler cookies.
My sight has gone down through the years but, yes, white chocolate. Does not say artificial ingredients. Very small print. Wonderfully delicious. Have been buying them for years. Everyone loves them. Happy Holidays.
They are made in France and Belgium, according to the label. They are really delicious, but they probably wouldn't ship well once the weather gets warm as I'm sure the chocolate would melt. I also had a problem with a lot of breakage in my last shipment. This won't stop me from ordering them again, however. They still taste great!
My most recent shipment was in a light brown tin embossed with tree branches and flowers. (very pretty). My shipments prior to that were light blue with the same engravings. As much as I love these cookies, I would be hesitant to order them at this time of year as I think the chocolate will melt. I won't be ordering any more until the fall for that reason. However, I know your mother would love them.
no
More dark for sure
Hello to tell you the truth I throw it away but I believe the tin had white snowflakes.
They are generally made in Belguim as far as I know. They are very poplular in Europe and can be bought at most any grocery store. They are made by United Biscuit company, so I guess they could be made in other countries. I wish they were available in the US all year and not just at Christmas.
The Mediterranean Pine Nuts Sold AND Shipped by Superior Nut Company are sourced from Italy, Spain or Portugal. They are from the Italian Stone Pine species of pine in the Pinaceae family. Please note this answer applies ONLY to items shipped and sold by Superior Nut Company. This answer may not apply to orders fulfilled by Amazon (Prime or Super Saver Shipping Methods,) or orders shipped by other vendors who may be using our brand name and/or photography without our knowledge or authorization.
Turkey
Yes
Ya they have real sugar there are no artificial sugars.
it is made with real fruit juice and sweetener
About 15 individually packaged gummies. But this says packs of 12: http://www.amazon.com/Kasugai-Gummy-3-59--Ounce-Units/dp/B001AY1U0O/ref=sr_1_1?s=grocery&ie=UTF8&qid=1378195704&sr=1-1&keywords=Kasugai+Gummy+Mix
There are at least a dozen different flavors - orange, mango, berries, kiwi, watermelon to name just a few. Order a variety mix and then you'll find your favorite flavors. Trust me, they're all good!
Muscat,apple,grape
I'm not 100% sure, but the expiration date is usually he same for this as most over-the-counter brands. At least a year?
26.49 is only for 1 can.
There is a date on the can regarding the expiration.
I've had consistent success with all of the sellers on Amazon for this product, including Amazon. The expiration dates have never been less than 1 year out from purchase date for me so unless you are stockpiling it, you should be okay. I've used Amazon for a rush order but typically order the cases instead of the single cans due to the discount. Good Luck.
All butter is made with pasteurized products, as required by USDA law. best regards, Margaret igourmet
These are always on pasture when wetter permits and in large stables where they are only fed the hay from the same grass. Never ever do they get anything else. NO CORN or GRAIN EVER!
I am not sure but it seemed like a paper to me.
Thank you for your email. We only carry the unsalted. I don't believe it comes salted. Margaret, igourmet
Cold packed yes direct import not sure. Does that help?
Yes all raw dairy products must be aged 60 days or longer to be imported into the USA.
Yes this is Non-gmo http://m.vitacost.com/products/san-j-organic-reduced-sodium-gluten-free-tamari-soy-sauce-10-fl-oz-1
Yes, it is organic and gluten free!
It's an all organic product. No msg
Carbs are less than 1, no sugars listed and 0 fat. I recommend this, very tasty.
700 mg per tbsp
It is not listed anywhere on packaging.
Carb 0 and sugar not listed as an ingredient
This value pack contains three individually labeled pretzel sacks that each contain eight single serve pretzel packs for a total of 7.2oz per pretzel sack.
It was a while since I ordered but I think it was 3 packs of multiple individual snack packs...
22g.
Corn starch, potato starch, tapioca starch, palm oil, dextrose, cellulose gum, baking powder, salt, citric acid, yeast, soy lecithin, soda.
Yes
Jim, Yes it is. Here is a quote from the back of my jar: "This is authentic kraut made solely using old world methods. U.S.A. family organic cabbage is hand harvested at its peak, cored, washed, sliced and fermented with sea salt. Generations of experience, traditional methods, and one family growing, making and packing this kraut creates its traditional, beneficial character." Ingredients: Organic cabbage, water, sea salt. I purchase mine locally at my health food store for about $5.50 a jar so you might do better in your neighborhood than the prices here. Enjoy, it is really good!
It is raw and not pasteurized... Very good food
They have a farm in thevUS somewhere. You can find their story on their website. Family owned i think.
It comes in a glass jar.
don't think so... ingredients listed are solely "organic roasted peanuts. contains 1% or less of salt" nutrition label reads 1 g sugars - probably from the nuts themselves.
From the label on the jar, a 2 Tbsp serving has 6 grams total carbs, of which 2 grams is fiber
It is the mixed, similar to the original mixed one that vanished a couple of years ago, the one you are craving. But this is as close as it gets since the old mixed berry is nowhere to be found even on Ebay or other obscures. So, don't worry. Be happy. This is the one - I buy these 16 units at a time, several times a year. They are so good, I can bribe a cop or politician with them.
4/15
Actually I can't see an expiration date on the icebreakers .
Don't waste your money in these. They didn't work at all.
I have an Essenza C91 and they fit fine
It will work BUT. I dont recomend it because the black seals that acompany the cups has a tendency to fall off when you insert it. I had several get stuck in the machine that i had to pry out.
Sorry, I don't know.
No
Never owned D90 machine
My guess is that it would. I have a Grand Maestro and the Ne-Caps work with that. The Ne-Caps come with a gasket that you can use or not use. I would bet that you could get the Ne-Caps to work.
No, they are meant to replicate the original capsules but they don't work for that either as they are too soft for the needle punch to work effectively.
Yes , we ship international , But we can't give you price until we now how many do you want to purchase
We haven't tried it yet. We have only ordered the coffee cups. I am not sure they sell choclate cups
I put them in a ziplock and even forgot I had them for weeks, so even though they were a tiny bit less soft not a biggie...
Probably best to contact the company especially if you have allergies. ING: glycerin, sweet rice cake, glutinous rice powder, sugar, corn syrup, D sorbitol, salt, contains wheat flour . Packaged AMK distributors in California
I had to toss the entire package, so I don't know the brand. It felt very soft and fresh, but I couldn't eat it.
There are 3 boxes in the shipment. Each box contains 5 packages with 4 cookies in each pack. This is cheaper than the grocery store.
210 calories per pkg of 4 biscuits. Whole grain, rolled oats. sugar 13 grams. Canola oil. some wheat, soy. Vitamins. 8gm fiber. No high fructose corn syrup, no hydrogenated oils, no artificial flavors or sweeteners.
No, they are not labeled for resale.
When I ordered it was 3 boxes which have four foiled wrapped packs (and 4 cookies per pack) per box.
Not packets, thnaks for your interest. Marie
Ah, yeah I see that, the item weight is 8 oz. They put pounds instead of ounces in the item weight. There are 12 packages in the box, each package is 8 ounces.
Yes, it is the same powder Sweet n Low as in the the little packets. Just a box full of the powder. The box lasts us twice as long as the packets. It is a much better deal in my opinion. I bought this 12 box order months ago & still have about 6 boxes left. That's with a house full of 4 using it daily. It's much easier to bake with or to sweeten drinks with than the little packets. Hope this helps! Any more questions, ill be happy to help!
It must be, i cant find it anywhere anymore....
They were bought out by Nabisco who proceeded to ruin and cheapen the ingrediants. They at first tried under the Nabisco label and no one bought them so they went to the "pretend" box of Oval Farm and still put the cheap crackers in them. I agree...;.they are aweful. Whole foods has a cracker that is a stoned wheat that you might like as a second best to the old stoned wheat thins. Nabisco needs to get their act together....I don't like even buying any Nabisco products lately because of the concern they probably are using cheap contents in other things as well :(
I didn't notice the changed recipe...I only order them periodically, so didn't make a comparison. Truth be told, it's their texture than I like the most.
This is the response I got from the Red Oval Farms folks. They are sending me a coupon as reimbursement. Perhaps you can contact them as well. I bought my crackers from Kroger in Ohio, but it seems with all the comments that the distribution of this problem is not local. We appreciate you taking the time to visit us at http://www.snackworks.com/ and for letting us know about your experience. I'm sorry to hear that your RED OVAL FARMS Stoned Wheat Thins do not taste the same,and have more air in them. The differences you noted may be due to a change in the production facility and process in which we make the cracker. We have not reformulated the recipe, but we have changed the way we make the cracker. We will make sure our Quality team are aware of your comments, so they can address these issues with the production plant The problem you described sounds like the product was not properly stored during distribution. We take care at our manufacturing facilities to ensure that our products are stored at the correct temperature and time frame until we are able to distribute them. Once our products are in distribution, the storage is out of our control. If the product was exposed to excessive temperatures it could cause the problem you described. Again, I apologize for this experience. Thank you for your loyalty and we hope that your next experience is a good one. Adele Stapley Operations Manager
Yes.
Aspartame
Yes. You will get 6 boxes of 10 packets.
It doesn't say gluten free...I looked at the ingredients and can't imagine it would have gluten in it though.
They should. Bi use the pumps with the plastic bottles.
There is a K inside of a circle on the bottle label; I don't know if that's the symbol for kosher but I thought I'd mention it. Good luck!
Splenda
NO, ONLY BLACK CHERRY AND GREEN THUNDER.....
for you being health concious , i'll look now..water, malic acid, propylene glycol, citric acid, contains less than 2% of natural flavor,sucralose and acesulfame potassium (sweeteners) potassium citrate polysorbate 60, yellow 5 & 6, red 40, potassium sorbate (preservative)..kraft foods global inc. (800) 431-1002...if. u find out anything, let me know......richard.
I wouldn't think so as it doesn't contain any electrolytes or nutrients. but possibly the MIO Energy does.
Yes
As the label indicates, each bar has only 6g sugars which work well for me as a diabetic. The 10g protein helps to keep my blood sugar steady longer. With only 14g of carbs, this bar is a good midday snack and works well in my low carb diet plan. The box contains 5 wonderful bars.
Right off the nutrition panel: 6g
Here is a list of Ingredients: Roasted Peanuts, Soy Protein Isolate, Chicory Root Extract, Sugar, Vegetable Oils (Palm, Kernel, Palm, Canola, Peanut), Whey Protein Concentrate, High Maltose Corn Syrup, Cocoa, Fructose, Peanut Butter (Peanuts, Salt), Vegetable Glycerin, Rice Starch, Honey, Rice Maltodextrin, Salt, Soy Lecithin, Natural Flavor. Contains Peanut, Soy And Milk Ingredients
Ingredients: Roasted Peanuts, Almonds, Soy Protein Isolate, Chicory Root Extract, Sugar, Vegetable Oils (palm kemel, palm canola), Roasted Sunflower Seeds, Toasted Coconut, Whey Protein Concentrate, Tapioca Syrup, High Maltose Corn Syrup, Fructose, Cocoa, Vegetable Glycerin, Rice Starch, Rice Maltodextrin, Salt, Soy Lecithin, Dextrose, Natural Flavors, Baking Soda. www.fyisourcehub.com
I don't know but they were not good I threw them out
Yes, but I soak mine before I use them in smoothies or baking and they easily come out.
These are natural dates without added sugar. Best dates I have ever tasted. We have ordered numerous times!
Not the ones I bought.
They are organic and raw .
Yes.
We have purchased numerous bags of mango from this vendor. The label says nothing but Mango and we believe it. It seems to be a very clean product. It is always fresh and really taste good.
All I can advise is give them a try. Mine were the same and I'm on my second five pounds!
Serving size: 40g (1.4 oz) Servings/pound: Approx. 11.4 Calories 120 Calories from Fat 0 Total Fat 0% Saturated Fat 0% Cholesterol 0% Sodium 1% Total Carbohydrate 13% Dietary Fiber Xg 4% Sugars 12g Vitamin A 4% Vitamin B Vitamin C 4% Vitamin D Calcium 0% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
I'm not sure. We no longer have the package. Sorry!
nope. just mango. delicious.
Yes,they are.
The only listed ingredient is organic prunes.
What do you mean rehydrated? They are standard dried plums. I would say it's a good balance between moist and dry. I hope it helps!
NO, They're dried
Hello Slawomir, I bought the 5 lb bag of these prunes and I believe that they are organic. The lable says "organic" and certified by; Organic fruits and nuts.com. Actually I'm not sure if this is who certified them because part of the lable is scraped off. I hope this helped you.
Weight confirmed: 5 lbs. Contents listed as "5 Lbs Pitted Prines, Organic". Does not state if sulfured or not, but they are very good.
I don't think that I came across a definitive answer... The bottom of the Kelap Coconut Oil carries the PETE 1 symbol. The following information came from www.nrdc.org/thisgreenlife: "#1 (PET or PETE) plastic is the kind used for bottled water bottles, which are generally regarded as safe. They have been shown to leach antimony into the water in a couple of studies, but at levels considered safe by the EPA. The scare about their leaching DEHA if reused, which you may have come across, turns out to be an urban legend. If there is any risk from reuse, it probably comes from bacterial contamination." An interesting twist is that just because an item is PBA free, doesn't mean that it is health risk free. Google "Is PETE 1 PBA free?" and follow some of the leads. Also contact the Kelapo company itself. I have no definitive answer. Personally, I am at the point that "if PETE 1 is safe for one time use, I am going to use it for now, since it is a quality product. An alternate is to put the coconut oil in another container, such as glass or stainless steel. Thanks for bringing this to my attention. It's a crazy world when one is trying to eat healthy, and one has to worry about the containers that the healthy foods come in!
hi, my latest bottle of coconut oil from Kelapo has an expiration of May 5th 2016. I bought it on amazon.com early February 2015
It's a solid that can melt due to heat. You can put it in the fridge and it will solidify again. Room temperature is okay as well.
The Kelapo Extra Virgin Coconut Oil is packaged in plastic. I'm not sure if the plastic is BPA free..
For me the freezer works great, and it will stay green and fresh .
It only has 1 gr. of sugar which is most likely natural, It is hard for me to say on the flavor as I use it in a fruit and vegetable smoothie witch I drink most every morning. I had been using soy protein, but switched when I heard that soy was now a GMO and they used a lot of pesticides. I am very happy with the Hemp Pro 50. and will reorder it when I run out. Good luck!
Hi Becky. In Hemp Pro 50 there is 3.5 g of Total fat, Saturated Fat is 0 g and Trans Fat is 0 g. Please let us know if you need anything else. Best, evoxMarket
I just have tried the 70 cuz my main thing is to get protein ;)
Hemp is harvested in Canada the company Manitoba Harvest is based in Winnipeg.
1 Serving is 4 Tablespoons 120 Calories per serving 30 of those calories from fat
Serving Size 4 tablespoons (30g) Servings Per Container about 30
As far as we know, they are raw and completely delicious!
I didn't count them. enough that the squirrels will be happy for a while
All in-shell walnuts are raw and un-pasteurized. Only peanuts are sometimes roasted in-shell. Shelled walnuts may go through one of two types of pasteurization: steam processing or Propylene Oxide treatment.
They are raw.
Soft white wheat is more suitable for biscuits, cakes and muffins. Hard white wheat is more suitable for breads. What kind you should get depends on what you plan to use it for.
It is better to store seeds covered in the refrigerator with desiccant packets to absorb moisture. That is what I learned in master gardeners class.
I planted in spring and had bad results I live in new orleans though its best for winter here
I think not, but can't say for sure. A lot of farmers in that area (I used to live in Oregon / Washinton) will not pay the large fees necessary to be certified organic but still grow that way. At the markets they post a "no spray" sign to get around it. Also, many of the sprays that are cleared for use for organic farmers are far more toxic than people realize. Their grains and beans are the finest tasting I've ever purchases and I've been doing organic for over 30 years. Heavily sprayed crops lack flavor.
Years....long as bugs don't get into it, or present when received. Perhaps freeze package for couple days, then let it sit out for the day, then put in sealed container for storage.
I've sprouted these berries several times and after an overnight soak they sprout 1/4 inch sprouts in 24-36 hours.
Kosher Parve means it is neutral having neither meat or dairy in it. All wheat in the US is Non-GMO but it is not organic. I have tried it and it is very good. You can find the exact field it was grown in by using your phone to scan the label on the bag. I didn't do it because I never downloaded the app for it. But I've read some books and one of the authors recommends their products because you can trace each bag of wheat and know where it was grown. It speaks of the integrity of the product.
Yes
No
Not necessarily. Not genetic engineered but can be farmed using pesticides.
Should work just fine. The sugar doesn't thicken it, just the freezing.
N. O. !!!!!!!!
Yes, but it only makes a very small amount of slushy, and the cubes can leak easily. I would invest in a Slush Mug instead. I have this and the slush Mug and I like the slush mug better. :)
Yes
I do not understand your question. I have one for sale here on Amazon if that is your question. Cynthia
It comes with these plastic ice cubes filled up with water or something (not 100% sure whats in it) but they are reuseable, you can use them forever until a hole gets ripped in it. There are 3 that come with it and you use all 3 in the cup at the same time and as I said they are reuseable.
The cup is plastic, having no liquid in it. Three reusable ice cubes are included. The packaging says inside the ice cubes, is a solution of water and salt.
Not that I'm aware of bit if you haven't bought it, I recommend against it doesn't work very well at all.
yes it does and it is fun also for any age
230 mg Sodium for the Southbeach Chocolate Chunk Meal Bars, 3 gm trans fat, 3 gm sat fat, total carbs 24 gm, got the Nutrition Facts right here, let me know if you want any other info.
Yes. They are also one of the healthiest brands I have found. I particularly like the snack bars for their nutritional content.
Carbs 14 grams (5%), Dietary Fiber 6 Grams (24%), Protein 6 Grams (12%)
7 grams of sugar.
yes - and the dates are good - give you plenty on time to consume - good deal if you can not find them on sale
16 carbs
10/31/15
Honestly, I am not sure (and I'm out right now so I don't have a box to check). However, I am lactose intolerant and they've never caused a problem. I suggest you go on the South Beach website and ask them (or look up the ingredients). They are yummy, however...almost TOO yummy!
160mg
It depends, to me, how often you drink it and order it. I only drink one cup at a time, so while this price increase is pretty awful (come on Amazon...really????), I can afford it because it takes me a while to go through one can. If I were a heavy coffee drinker, though, my answer would be a firm NO. I'd start looking on ebay or other sources for your TH fix. Just MHO.
$25.37 seems to be the new price unfortunately and is actually sold by Amazon.com not by a 3rd party. If you go to Tim Hortons USA website, then their store section, the links are directly to Amazon as a seller and that's the price. My old bookmark that was linking to the Tim Hortons USA seller on Amazon comes back as invalid now, so looks like we won't be purchasing Tim Hortons coffee in the USA any more which is a real shame :(
It is the same size as the Dunkin Doughnuts bag of coffee and they advertise up to 130 cups. I just know that getting this is a much better deal than anywhere else.
Medium grind and the cans I received were full. Great buy!
there is 32.9 oz in a can.
Not that I have ever noticed, however, when I have Tim Horton that's all I drink.
Coffee bean supply and demand.
I use this coffee in K Kups at the same ratio as regular coffee. Since it's fine ground I'd try a bit less then normal grind in a pot.
The ounces is correct.
There are 16 oz in one pound. If the can is 32 oz, then that is 2 pounds. This can is $14.99 for 2 lbs, making it $7.495 per lb.
I do not know how old the can is, but my last one has "Best by June 2017" stamped on the bottom. I used one last week and it was fine.
yes and its in water and delicious
It requires a can opener.
230mg
If the label on the can does not say BPH free, it probably isn't. Your best bet is to call the company and ask them direct.
Yes, this salmon is meant to be eaten (chilled) directly from the can. However, compared to other canned salmon this product is overpriced and short on taste and quality. Try Bumble Bee or Bernstein's if you can find them. Probably in the supermarket.
Well, 1st of all, Rebecca, the K/S Roast Beef is in "chunky" form: easily adapted to all of the ways you're accustomed to using roast beef, i.e. -with mashed potatoes/gravy & green beans, for a nice dinner-plate; or as a component of your own homemade stew; or shredded, as taco-meat, etc. It has little of its own flavor, so can be seasoned to suit your application. I've found it to be a big convenience to be able to simply open a can & have a quick, adaptable beef source. I recommend it without reservation, Bruce.
No dairy, soy or gluten --Ingredients: Beef, Beef-broth, Salt (180mg - 8%DV), Modified food starch, Sodium-Phosphate (preservative). Product of USA: Premium Top & Bottom Round
The can's I received say best by 11/03/2014. Hope this helps you.
I placed my order on July 24, 2013 and received it on July 26, 2013. The expiration date was 04/06/15 on the cans. They are not long term storage if that is what you are looking for. For short term supplies they would do very well. I hope this has helped you.
It has Carbalose flour. Its a enzyme enriched wheat flour. Soy fiber. Canola oil. Buttermilk powder baking powder egg white powder and is 2g net carbs. Its much like Bisquick if you've ever used that.
According to the box 1 biscuit (1/3 cup) 16 carbs, 14 carbs fiber, 0 g sugar. Everything I have read says to subtract fiber carbs from total carbs to get usable carbs. What you are going with is totally up to you and I sure am not going to tell someone else how to track their carbs. I am pleased with this product. When I get an urge to eat a wheat product, this fills the bill. The pancakes are not as "thick" as I am used to pancakes being, nor as big. I make them about the size of the dollar pancakes and they are yummy. A daughter has tried the biscuits and her family loves them. This includes a son-by-love who is not doing the low carb dieting.
Yes. A lot of recipes. All of them are great
Yes. Not a problem.
Both list a serving as 1/3 C. Bisquick has 160 calories, 50 from fat. Total fat 5g, 1.5 saturated, 1.5 trans. 490 mg sodium. 40 mg potassium. 26g total carbs, 1 from fiber, 1 from sugars. 3 g protiens. Carbquik has 90 calories, 60 from fat. Total fat 6g, 1g saturated, 0 trans, 5g poly, 0 mono. 0 cholesterol. 210mg sodium. 0 potassium. 16g total carb, 14g fiber, 14 insoluble (won't digest), 0 sugars. 6g protein. Both have 0 cholesterol. As you can see it has almost half the calories of Bisquick but the real kicker is with the insoluble fiber it only has 2g net carbs which means diabetics can eat pancakes with sugar-free syrup and not spike. Besides the glycemic benefits it works GREAT. The family doesn't even know I'm feeding them a healthier alternative. Made the Holiday sausage cheese balls with it and NOBODY could tell the difference so I didn't tell them otherwise. It is pricey but not so much when compared to the health benefits.
You can, but I mix it with bread crumbs or something else when I fry something. You need to fry at a lower heat than normal or it will burn.
Sorry, I can't figure out a way to upload a picture of the labels. I can tell you that the primary ingredient is "Carbalose". This is a trademarked term. If you can't find the information you need on the web, maybe can try searching on that. As far as carbs are concerned, 1/3 cup of the mix has 16g of total carbs, 14g of which are insoluble fiber; 0g of sugars. Hope this helps.
Fats and some oils are not counted against you in the Atkins diet (hence, the ability to eat a lot of meat). It is only carbs that you have to restrict. Carbs come in the form of many things, such as wheat and corn and more. Unfortunately, many products are made from these ingredients, such as cookies, cakes, breads, pastas, mixes and many more. The carb quick mix does not call for any additional product that you cannot have on this diet. But in my opinion, this product contains ingredients that make it taste un-natural and like cardboard. With the Atkins diet, which this product is geared toward, you don't have to worry about fats and meats ... just carbs. If you were considering using this product for any other kind of diet, it would not be for you (such as a low fat, low calorie diet).
No, you can use it like his quick..
I was hoping it would be like Bisquick. It is not. It just does not have a good texture. Sorry
I do not know that model of Keurig, but I can't imagine it wouldn't. It has the same size top as a regular k cup, but the bottom is like a tea bag. It fits into my Keurig, my daughter's, my son's and the one at work, and they are all different Keurig models.
We have an older model that doesn't have a metal coffee drawer, so I don't know. The cups do work well in our Keurig and we like what we are getting.
If you can use a K-Cup then you can use these.
They worked fine the first couple of times, then each one started to collapse in the coffee maker and had to be put in the trash. I drink 2 cups of coffee per day and in less than 2 weeks, they were all tossed.
The pods are the same size as the Nespresso pods and fit my CITIZ without problems. Since the Nespresso machines only use one size pod, I assume they will work the same in the U. These pods make single espresso well. Haven't found a coffee brand that makes a Lungo strength drink, but that's not a problem with the pod. You have to put them in correctly, otherwise they get stuck when you go to release them. But they are easy to extract by hand if that happens. They are easy to clean. When I'm lazy, I just put them in the dishwasher silverware tray. Nice option to buying the Nespresso pods.
They are re-useable. Ive used mine several times now with no problem.
I have no problems with the duck pods. Occasionally one gets a little stuck but it takes a fingernail to gently pull it out. I use both: the Nespresso pods and the duck pods and they both work well for me.
I believe it only matters on the year your machine was manufactured; check the ad; most are for after 2010; but all of mine crushed after a few uses; I bought 10 from another ad and they too crushed
The pods seem to be a different size for the Dolce, compared to the size used by Nespresso. I wouldn't take the risk of trying'em out with your machine. Besides, coffee duck reusable pods aren't that great. You can read my review about'em, they almost ruined my machine!!
They are hard plastic and the notes say they are BPA free, I truly enjoy useing them with my favorite espresso, just be sure to pack it good in order to get the best outcome..
Nespresso machines puncture the bottom and top of the capsule at the same time. I believe there is not enough flow from the plastic capsule event when one tries different levels of in your mill for the coffee.
They did not work as advertised
No
I have contacted both Amazon (three times) and also the seller regarding this. The seller claims that Amazon set the price at $10,000.00 when they temporarily ran out of the item. Amazon informs me that sellers normally set their own prices and that this price is an obvious error which will be taken care of (hasn't yet). As someone who shops on Amazon weekly and occasionally uses 1-click, I know for certain this is not how out of stock merchandise is normally listed or priced by Amazon or its sellers. Usually sellers use the inventory feature which notifies customers they're "temporarily out of stock", and they can even include the "notify when available" option. Since Amazon offers the 1-click purchase feature, pricing out of stock items in this way seems like questionable business practice. I advise shoppers to be extremely aware of the prices on items while shopping on Amazon. This is an item I've been wanting to try for a while. It was in my shopping cart when I noticed the price change a while back. I had planned to place an order once the price was corrected, but I have yet to receive a satisfactory resolution from Amazon or the seller. Amazon told me they've opened an investigation and will get back to me within 48 hours. That was a week ago. I can only conclude that Amazon is no more bothered by this than the seller is.
Yes
According to yourlighterside.com, erythritol is 100% pure and derived from a corn source.
Dear Johanna, one of my favorite customers (whom I haven't heard from in awhile) got your question and wrote to ask me to answer her. Question was about ordering direct, I think. Yes, you can, just mail $5.00 to my post office box of 73202, Newnan, Ga. 30271. But I'd appreciate if you'd wait a few days because I'm currently out of inventory and it will take me a bit to re-stock. Thanks for asking the question. Chef G. By the way, please tell me how many you want and send the amount in advance. Thanks.
Sorry I don't remember Didn't keep the product because it had xylitol on top of stevia, and I don't digest it
The ingredients are in the second picture on the amazon link. No dairy in there. They are also listed in the product description. I don't know why you missed these?
I'm really not sure about the glycerin. I do know that I stopped using it as it just didn't seem "right" and tastes chemically to me. Very disappointing. I then bought Wildcrafted Vanilla Powder, 100% Pure Raw by Wilderness Poets This stuff is raw, pure, so fantastic I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed. I'm now addicted to it and went back and bought 4 oz of it too just to make sure I don't run out. Please give that a try.
It is alcohol free. That is why I buy it. It says so on the front label.
The ingredients on my bottle read: Glycerin, Fair Trade Certified vanilla bean extractives, water. But on the front of the bottle there is an asterisk beside the words "NON-ALCOHOLIC." I never noticed the asterisk before so I read the note it referred to on the back of the bottle. It says "Contains less than 0.5% alcohol by volume." I don't know what that means and never noticed it before?????
It is alcohol free! I love it! Tastes amazing & so much healthier for the kids:))
glass
No it's not clear I'm afraid. It's a bit thick like syrup but smells heavenly as vanilla should :). Good luck with your baking.
I use the same amount as regular vanilla.
This product does not say gluten free on the bottle, but the ingredients are: Glycerin, Fair Trade Certified vanilla bean extractives, and water. I buy this product because it does not contain alcohol which can have minute traces of gluten. We are gluten free.
Absolutely!
Linda, I haven't used Gathering of Saffron, but I can vouch for the intensity and flavor of La Mancha. I first received this as a gift, then bought it for myself when I ran out (years later). I see that now the price has doubled since I received my first tin, so I suggest you jump on it and buy the big one! Cheers, MLR
I didn't quite understand Dr. Kabir's answer. My family is Spanish, and we use far too much saffron than the pocketbook should! lol Anyway, La Mancha is fine (he may be talking about Mogri, Kashmir, other saffron types). Spaniards always "toast" saffron by heating it up a bit (don't burn it) in a cast iron pan. My grandmother would put a few pinches on the lid of the stockpot she was using to "toast" it that way. Dissolving it in hot water (broth, milk, whatever) is probably best. It draws out full color and flavor. Added: Too much saffron might taste medicinal, sort of, to those who haven't used it all their lives. But using only a "pinch," as recipes call for, truly isn't enough. Start by crushing two pinches between your thumb and index fingers into the broth, stock, etc. I use more than that routinely.
I have had some 3 months and it is still very good.
Not when it arrived, but after sitting a while, it does.
I'm sorry but I don't know the answer to that question. I don't recall seeing anything referencing that on the jars themselves.
It's plastic! Cheers Julie
Plastic
I would say yes, definitely. It's all natural, so no preservatives. It maintains a nice, easy-to-spread consistency even when cold. (Stir up well *before* refrigerating!) UPDATE: After posting, I saw the other comments. I guess it's a matter of choice and preference. If you eat within a reasonable time, maybe spoilage is not an issue? I still say it's pretty easy to spread when cold, unlike the all-natural peanut butter I get at Costco...
None
I have not tried it in baking. It is quite oily....I would not be afraid to try it. Mix it very well if you plan to use it in cookies. I absolutely love this peanut butter for other things. I have been a fan of Skippy's for many years until I tried this. I can't imagine it wouldn't work in cookies. It is not as sweet as most peanut butters on the market, however.
It is just the way a natural peanut butter would be, and it will seperate. I feel that it is thinner, but it is good
Peanuts and salt.
I do not know Adams. This Peanut butter is pretty runny. Love the flavor.
Peanuts, salt
8 gr per 2 tbsp
Smooth and chunky both have 100 mg salt in 2 Tblsp. I can not taste the salt in the chunky, my favorite, but I used to taste the salt in the smooth (then I guess I got used to it). My sister had the opposite experience.
Plastic.
No just peanuts and salt. I give it a good stir when I open it and then keep it in the fridge so there is no separation. To me it is the best all natural peanut butter I have tried and I have tried most. It never tastes stale. I think you will love it.
It's all natural peanut butter, so there are no commercial preservatives. That being said, salt is a natural preservative. I would estimate that you could leave it in your pantry for up to a month before you needed to refrigerate it. Unlike many natural peanut butters, the oil doesn't separate from the peanuts as much and the consistency remains the same whether it's refrigerated or not. I go through a jar every 2 weeks, so I don't find it necessary.
It's been so long since I had Adam's I can't say for sure, but I do remember that it was great. I am picky about peanut butter and find Teddy's to be good. I get the chunky and there are a lot of chopped peanuts...mmmm....
I NOW see what you were referring to....not sure why they say that. I suppose they say that since it is just peanuts and salt. no more ingredients
Label says 100 mg in 2TBS serving in the "extra crunchy, regular" peanut butter. They sell a no-salt version.
my guess, without doing furthur research, is that all peanut butters use roasted peanuts, raw peanuts would produce a very different tasting product, almost all Almond butters use roasted nuts as well. As to why? To get that great peanut buttery flavor! An un-roasted product would be much blander.
I don't really know, the jar says PETE #1...upon further investigation (thank you internet) it seems that #1 PETE is ok, no BPA's (no symbol on lid)
No, does not have flaxseed.
Extremely fresh, and not one bag had broken chips!
http://www.fritolay.com/your-health/us-products-not-containing-gluten-ingredients.html According to the Lay's website most of the flavors contained in this package are on the "U.S. Products Not Containing Gluten Ingredients" list. If you read the fine print it says that even though they don't contain gluten they may be made on machinery that also makes gluten products so it's not guaranteed. I wouldn't risk it.
They are commonly available in convenience stores in singles (like 7-Eleven). Also believe they are hitting marketing this Sunday in grocery stores in the cookies aisle in packs of 6
1 ounce each.
Not me. I just received the ordinary bag of chips.
Because I want to, is there a problem with that?
i gave one away- and i guess the kids ate them i still have mine on the table- kept thinking i would make hot chocolate- so i guess i should freeze them but its pretty old now- but if you know who made them the manuf. cant you call them- or email-- but im sure its full of sugar-- kind of what peppermin sticks are
I believe it was 10, of course mine were all broken so it was more like 20 pieces
No they are not, but they are fantastic tasting
The sticks are not individually wrapped.
There are approximately 15 sticks.
Being 100% pure EVOO, it is pure. One just has to read the label. Spanish olive is the only EVOO I will use due to its purity and taste.
The label on the can says it has a BPA free lining.
I went back to the Amazon listing for this item and found no mention of DOP or PDO designation and nothing is indicated on the tin of oil. I did, however, find a D.P.O. designation for a different Zoe product [temporarily unavailable].http://www.amazon.com/Zoe-Select-Olive-Variety-25-36/dp/B00NJP09WM - Who can know?
I don't know its all gone and I don't have the can any longer
Opinions differ, but I use olive oil for everything (being from an Italian family) - so I don't see why not. I've read that all those smoking temperatures don't really mean all that much. (I don't deep fry a lot, more often pan fry or saute.)
The taste is outstanding.
Yes
There is a rather long code on the bottom of the can, maybe the company website has a translation? I have really liked the flavor of the oil and will purchase more when my 2nd can is gone. I think it tastes better than the shelf oil in the supermarket. I hope this helps.
The olives are from a single source (Castilla-LaMancha, Spain).
You could use this for soap but it would be very expensive. Generally you want to use an olive oil pomace as opposed to extra virgin when making soap.
Hmmmmmmmm, I wonder if you can look up the number put on products so the manufacturer can identify the batch and when it was bottled, or in this case canned (in case a particular batch poisons a couple of people, they want to know). Ah, find that number and access this link http://blog.zoebrand.com/?page_id=417 (link also tells you where to look on the bottle or can)
The Organic one is OU Kosher. The non-organic one was promote for Passover and has a "OU" symbol on my 1L tin, but not sure about the bottle.
Not specifically sure when it was manufactured (can lists expiration date, not manufacture date), but a year later our oil is good.
The exp date on mine was Aug 2015 So right at a year or just a little over
From my experience, it is kept in a cool place (pantry) and have had no problems with it turning rancid. Still using, and it has been almost 1 year.
It is a product of Spain. There is NO plastic liner. On the tin, it says "BPA- FREE Lining. Also says "NON GMO PROJECT VERIFIED" I cut the lid out and can see inside the tin. NO Plastic Liner
If you want to know how important certification look up the lawsuit of the North American Olive Assoc.'s lawsuit of Capatriti brand. further more in a NYTimes article by Stephanie Strom. olive pomace oil or residue is derived from high heat & Chemical solvents including hexane. Also, look up "olive oil pomace" - health risks.
pressed olives, nothing else.., un bocatto di Cardinale (a morsel fit for a Cardinal)
I have only received 1 liter cans. Been ordering this for a while now.
Have never heard this, but it definitely congeals in the refrigerator. Very good for vinaigrettes and dipping good bread in.
yes some duplicates. plus a lot of super sweet cups specifically for iced tea that are disgusting hot. don't buy this one
The way K-cups are made, they don't need to be refrigerated, just store in a cupboard or pantry - a cool, dry place. There is a "best if used by date" on the packaging, but they stay fresh for a very long time even after that date unless the cup has been damaged.
NO! If the Kcups don't have the white ring around the label, they will not work
They were all delicious teas.
Yes, mine came in the gift box shown.
It is couverture, not compound. It does require tempering if using in context of candy making or dipping
Yes, of course. Contact Divine Specialties or look on Amazon for a 1 lb or 2 lb sample of the item.
It would be closer to bittersweet or semisweet chocolate. I use it for cakes, ganache, chocolate chip cookies, hot cocoa, brownies.
If you keep the chocolate out of the heat so it doesn't melt, it should last at least a year.
plain plastic bag, btw they were pretty hard and tasteless.
They are usually roasted in coconut oil, but we do sometimes use peanut oil, so please be aware if you have an allergy. We love the great taste and health benefits coconut oil provides!
Yes, I'm afraid we do handle a lot of peanut products at Nut Roaster's Reserve, so none of our items are recommended for those with peanut allergies.
Mary, Sorry but I don't know how much was actually received because I gave this as a gift and never saw it. The people that received it seemed pleased but that does not answer your question. I noticed on one of the review that a customer only got 1 1/2 lbs and should have gotten 2 lbs, so he called the company and they sent additional nuts.
How many ounces?
cooked in olive oil for health
jar
ingredients: coconut oil, glucose solids, fructose, dextrose, sugar, modified milk ingredients, flavor (lipolyzed cream), salt tricalcium phosphate, mono and diglycerides, maltodextrin, sucralose, cocoa, dipotassium phosphate, sodium silico aluminate. contains 30 mg sucralose per 17 grams (235ml serving). contains: milk and soy
No
There are 90 calories and 4.5 grams of fat per serving.
July 15 2015
Yes, 80%; it actually has more iron, fiber and many other nutrients than the leading brands. If you decide to try it and ever need it right then verses waiting for it to arrive via mail, Target carries it in-store.
I finally remembered to check yesterday. I didn't see anything listed in the ingredients that was any form of sugar or salt. If you go to this link, the very last picture shows the ingredients: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000YSS7EO/ref=sr_ph?ie=UTF8&qid=1405947738&sr=1&keywords=happy+babies+happy+bellies
Yes has baby with dark hair on it
I am fairly certain it does because it is made with Oats. I would check Happy Babies web page.
I didn't notice an expiration but have been giving to my baby since he was 5 months and have reordered. He's 10 months now.
Yes, it was for one can. I actually stopped the order before it was sent and did not order through Amazon because of this price difference.
July 17, 2014
I actually don't know. But I can say that I don't get that jittery feeling from drinking the Starbucks Verona. Some different brands in k-cups can get me jittery, not the Starbucks brand
I don't understand the question. Are you talking about the size of the box? In that case, I don't know. I always order the 96 count. If that's not the question, please clarify. Peg
Orange, grape, strawberry, pineapple, and apple.
I am sorry but I have finished the package or else on my postal scale I would have weighed how many pieces in an ounce to give a rough idea. If you would have caught me earlier I do believe I could have been of some help.
these are not the same. I found the tiny ones at Staples website, the item number is 278058 mini fruit filled hard candy assortment bag 2.2lbs
Yes! they are worthy.
Ingredients: Ethyl alcohol, proplylene glycol, water and natural flavor. It also says gluten and sugar free. silver cloud estates, LLC. Halethorpe MD 21227 www.silvercloudestates.com I used it for buttercream and cupcakes but I liked the other brand better. http://www.amazon.com/Natural-Passion-Fruit-Flavor-Pack/dp/B009RTBGJY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1393308586&sr=8-1&keywords=passion+fruit+extract. By Bakto Flavors. in terms of it adding a flavor that tastes more real. not fakey. the product you are asking about is not bad but the other brand is better. I have made cake, butter cream and a vegan icing and vegan cupcakes, and added it to homemade granola. All have tasted great. I have both but tend to grab the Bakto brand.
Our Passion Fruit, Natural Flavor Blend is meant to be ingested. It was not formulated for topical applications. We would not advise using it for lotions, cosmetics or shampoos.
My two bottles purchased last year say,"041414 Best by 14Apr19" . Most extractsI can last for years. I use mine in tea and sauce for fish. The tea is great at bedtime for a relaxing night's sleep.
I would assume so. I used it in frosting.
Let me check and get back to you...
My experience is that they can be, but they keep for quite a while so it may not be needed. If they get hard, just put them on a plate in the microwave for 10-15 seconds and they will be soft, chewy and delicious!
No, they're stacked in individual clear, plastic bags, two to four in a box. YUM!!! These are sinfully good!!
I bought these in January 2014 and the "best if used by" is September 2014. Note that there are 6 individually wrapped packages in each box.
120 calories. 40 from fat.
sodium is 80mg total carbs 0g protein 0g total fat 0g
No, it contains sea salt
I also noticed that the expiration date was just coming due when I got mine. I wasn't overly concerned as it says Best before not expires or do not use after. Also it is hebs, seasoning, salt etc. so again I wasn't overly concerned, not really happy that they were near or at the best by date.
Yes they do. It's great
This sale is for a single bottle.
While I'm not 100% sure I don't believe that they do, they would have been removed from Amazon if they did
They are plums...dried. So basically salted prunes.
They are yes, but in the best way
Very salty too salty to drive don't recommend
Yes
they measure "disgusting" (for taste). Size-wise they are the same size as the delicious and real banana runts.
These are the large ones, like in the boxes of regular rungs.
Yes they are peanut and tree nut free
Around 1000 to 1500
Oops... 2,000 in the 2 1/2 lb bag. So maybe just under 1,000 for the 1 lb.
This listing is for one packet of yeast.
Alcohol tolerance up to 7 to 8%
5 grams
No
I'm guessing you don't mean pizza pie. For Apple pie in a pinch it will work just don't over mix. But I recomend pastry flour because it has a lower protein count. Hope that helps.
For cabinet storage, up to 8 months in a sealed container or original packaging. Up to a year in the refrigerator. I keep all of my flour in tightly sealed plastic containers in the freezer, keeps indefinitely.
Yes, each bag is 2.2 lbs, with 4 bags per order.
I did the typical recipe and just used OO in its place. I've tried many recipes with bread flour, all purpose, mixing the two and knew I was missing that certain taste. When I used the OO, I knew that was what I was missing all along. 3 cups OO flour, 2 tsp sugar, 1/2 tsp instant or rapid yeast, 1 1/3 cup water, 1 tbsp veggie oil (I use olive oil), 1 1/2 tsp table salt. Mix flour sugar yeast in bowl then water slowly until no dry flour remains. Add oil and salt. Mix until satiny ball form. Remove from bowl and knead until smooth. Place back in oiled bowl and cover with plastic and let rise. Divide in half after it has risen and make pizza for your pan. Put your sauce, cheese topping. Cook at 500 degrees and enjoy.
Mylar bags or Mason jars with oxygen absorbers. Or just cool dry pantry if you plan on using them within about a year depending.
In general, hard wheat has higher gluten strength and higher protein content. Hard red spring wheat is prized for breads, hard baked goods, all-purpose flour and flour blends. Soft white is a low-protein wheat. It provides a lighter flour for cakes, donuts, crackers, cookies, pastries.
I really don't know although I believe they are. This link is the growers site, it may help. http://www.palousebrand.com/soft-white-wheat-berries.html
Welcome to the 21st century! Modern technology enables us to buy these items without having to deal with pesky phone jockeys. Simply press the "Add to Cart" button and you'll be on your way.
I don't add sugar to any tea that I drink but I would say this one is slightly sweeter than most. It is piquant and I love it as does everyone with whom I share a sachet.
Far and away better than constant comment.
the 10 has mesh bags the box of 50 has regular tea bags individually wrapped
They are the silken sachets shaped like a pyramid. These have a lot of flavor, we usually use one sachet with enough water for two cups.
I love this tea in the orange tin, do not know about the bags in the other container.
Unfortunately, it does not.
Yes! This is one of their more pungent teas, so you can definitely make 2 cups with one tea bag. :-)
I searched the orange can over top and bottom, inside & out, no answer to this good question, but as for the sweetness I believe from reading the ingredients that the sweet taste comes from the 3 types of cinnamon, orange peel, and cloves.
I've never tasted "Market Spice" tea but I can tell you that this tea and the tea from Aveda are my most favorite teas because of their flavor and wonderful smell.
YES. However that is not an option on Amazon. You will need to contact the seller directly to see if they can help you.
Sounds like it's a matter of a simple adjustment. Please call our office at 800 853 3941 and we'll be happy to assist you.
If this is the same model I bought, it's pretty good sized. I don't have a picture on my iPad to show you but the gumball section is roughly the size of a basketball by itself. It's probably 20" tall, nicely sized.
Nope, it's impossible. No quarter, no gumball.
It only takes quarters, nothing else.
I am not very sure for gumballs as I use it for 1" capsules. It comes together with 2 different designs of dispensing wheels which might be suitable for you.
no I have not, but not a bad idea. when it gets all the gumballs out I will give it a try. I use this machine at home, me and the kids like having it here.
It's made of glass. I bought this for use in a school and it works and looks amazing!
Yes if u buy one for it u can.
yes, the big bubble machine will vend 1 inch round toy capsules. It will not vend the acorn style. thank you Gumball Machine Factory
All the ingredients are organic. There is no coffee in the mix. The mix has roasted barley, roasted rye, roasted chicory, ashwagandha, shatavari, brahmi, and French vanilla flavor. It is distributed from Fairfield, IA. Their website is: www.ayurvedicroast.com. It says it is made in the USA.
Hello Susie, This is not a powder, those are granules that I was using in a French press. Boiling is great too! Thanks, M
On the bag it states: Independent lab results showed only 9 parts per million of gluten was present in a brewed cup when made using a coffee maker with a standard filter. The first two (Main) ingredients are roasted barley and roasted rye. Both to my knowledge contain gluten. So the answer is that it is not gluten free. Hope this helps.
Sorry, I have not tried it that way. I've only used a regular coffee maker with mine. I guess experiment is next.
No, there is toasted barley. Check out tecchino, they have a blend that doesn't use barley.
Tecchino is a similar product brand name. The ingredients are comparable but not the same. This product contains roasted barley, roasted rye, roasted chicory and Ayurvedic herbs: ashwaganda, shatavari, brahmi, and vanilla. Tecchino has nuts in it and not the Ayurvedic herbs and has a few different flavors.
What's listed on the package is: roasted organic barley, organic roasted rye, organic roasted chicory, organic ashwa-gandha, organic shatavari, organic brahmi, organic French vanilla flavor. It didn't work well in my Keurig, but did fine in my regular coffee maker.
I do not know. My guess would be all ingredients are roasted together. I do not have the bag in my house right now so I can't read the label.
Sorry, I don't have the bag and I didn't order recently because one of the ingredients (similar with ginger I guess) is causing me problems with my gallbladder.
It was tested to be about 99% gluten free when brewed using a coffee filter, and you can see the testing results here at this link: http://ayurvedicroast.com/downloads/gluten-free-coffee-substitute-104093.pdf However, if you have celiac or another serious reaction to even trace amounts of gluten, it would not be recommended.
This is ground coffee, not instant.
The expiration date is normally on the box. I purchased this particular product on February and it's still good. Normally on most K-Cups it's about a year. I hope this helps!! Enjoy!!
Yes, it is. If you like hazelnut or French vanilla type flavors, you would like this. I actually like it better!
Peppermint, rose hip hibiscus, classic red, verbena,fennel(anise), and chamomile nana.
It is heavy duty cardboard. I gave this as a gift and they loved it. Best tea around!
they are wrapped separately.
I wish I could help you more, but this was purchased as a gift. I thought at the time the flavors may have been listed but I don't know. I would suggest doing a google search for it and see if the company lists the various flavors.
Sorry, but no. It was a present.
There are three packets of each flavor, for a total of 15 individual cups of miso soup.
Sorry- all contain wheat gluten
The individual packets do not have the nutritional info on them. Best bet is to check them out in your local grocery store. I bought them for a snack while doing Weight Watchers and they're equal to only a single point, as I recall. Pretty much devoid of anything good or bad, with the exception of sodium which is sky-high.
No they are not. The miso soups contain powered bonito which is fish flakes. So of your diet restricts fish, you can not eat this product.
Yes it does accept all chargers
Just n2o. Co2 cylinders are larger and dont fit.
The container is enameled metal, the upper receiver is heavy duty abs plastic, the nozzles are stainless steel, accessory forms are plastic - volume is at max 750ml
I have both the isi and the Molecular-R whip siphons and they both do a great job. I've used them to make various whipped creams and for molecular gastronomy recipes. I use it the most often for instant infusions for cocktails. And both brands do an equally good job at all of these tasks. The biggest plus to the isi is that most of its parts are dishwasher safe. The canister, the top, and the difuser can all go in the dishwasher, which makes cleanup a lot easier. Also I don't think you can get a 1 liter version of the Molecular-R, though I almost never meed the 1 liter version and it takes more CO2 canisters to user. The 0.5 liter size is the most useful in either brand, in my opinion.
I really don't know.
You can put a pint of liquid in in the vessel, but a little less is better.
Hi Monica, If you can stand it that way, I do not see why not. I put it in my mom's oatmeal. Some people put it on their toast instead of butter. I read where one man put it in his hot tea, this gave my mom a upset stomach so we quit that. You can bake it in muffins too. Hope this helps your question. :)
my label does say EXTRA virgin....
Yes, this is a cold pressed brand.
No, Have not used it for making soap.
Hello, happy to help. I understand that the difference between gold and silver and platinum etc gelatin sheets are different strengths, so if you use platinum for instance, this will be stronger than all other named gelatin sheets so you would need less I suppose. The difference is setting power the higher the bloom rate the stronger the gelatin. So if you needed to use gelatin to make something quite firm, you could use more gelatin sheets of the lower bloom rate or less sheets of platinum. Here is a small indication for your assistance. Hope this helps you. Platinum sheet gelatin = 250 bloom Knox powdered gelatin = 225 bloom Gold sheet gelatin = 200 bloom Silver sheet gelatin = 160 bloom Bronze sheet gelatin = 140 bloom
Hi Tiffany, one sheet or leaf of gelatin weighs 1/10th of one ounce which is equal to 1 teaspoon of the powdered gelatin that comes in sachets. The only benefit really for using the gelatin leaves over the sachets is that you don't have to spend time stirring the powder until it is completely dissolved in water, with the leaves you just have to immerse them in water for a few seconds to soften and then remove them immediately and place the "melting" leaves into your mixture and then stir to incorporate the gelatin evenly. If you look online at recipes that call for gelatin, you will see a conversion between using the sachets versus the leaves which will help guide you. Hope this is helpful. Regards. Lorraine
Each sheet is 1ct and each sheet of gold gelatin is approximately 43 grams.
it is fragile and cracks easily, but would be look great. Water shrivels the product, so cut with great care. Good luck!
Yes, it will fit.
Calcium caseinate is first ingredient
We love frappes and get about 18 to 20 pitchers of frappes...quick guess would say 50 or so hot...but that is s guess. It goes a long way.
Yes, there are 6g of sugar alcohol in a 1/4c. Serving or 12g in a 1/2c. Serving
The package states 11 grams per scoop.
The label has cane sugar as 3rd or 4th ingredient.
We use it and my husband is GF. There are no gluten containing ingredients on the labels of the organic bouillons (haven't checked the other ones). Here is what the company says: http://www.superiortouch.com/retail/faq
Not really. Yeast contains a lot of glutamic acid, a precursor to MSG - but so do tomatos, cheese, meat and etc. So, is that bad for your health? Probably not.
Roasted Beef and Natural Juices, Maltodextrin, Salt, Cane Sugar, Beef Stock, Beef Fat, Yeast Extract, Potato Starch, Celery Concentrate, Dried Garlic, Dried Onion, Caramel Color, Natural Flavor
350mg/tsp
Better Than Bullion is not certified gluten free. The ingredients list is roasted beef and natural juices, maltodextrin, salt, cane sugar, beef stock, beef fat, yeast extract, potato starch, celery concentrate, dried garlic, dried onion, caramel color, natural flavor. I hope this information helps you to determine if it safe to use.
I just read the product description and it says the Cashews are salted. Not sure about the Almonds.
Yes
Just fruit and nuts, there was no packaging that stated other ingredients, so I would think so.
I don't know if this one is. The nicer Torn Ranch rose from Torn Ranch is Kosher certified.
I'm not sure. I actually sent it as a gift, not as a personal purchase. I bet if you contacted the company they'd be able to answer you.
I don't know what it weighs. I always order it as a gift for my family. They always love it, and I've reordered several times.
I really couldn't tell you as I did not get the gift. I sent it. Just check the item in the Amazon store. That should tell you, but I'm pretty sure it is not.
Who cares, I am 83 and did better when we did a better job of protecting food with preservatives. Get a life.
I purchased the larger one and it was a nice size and didn't look cheap. Very nice presentation.
I posted that I had mold on some. Since then, the company sent me three boxes, and Amazon replaced the box. I haven't had any mold on the new ones. I also have to add that the company was very responsive They wanted to know exactly where the mold was (on the fig or wheat part) and the expiration date. I love them so much that I will continue purchasing them. The Amazon price is awesome!
I got these for my daughter who loves blueberry. I have the peach and they are so good,they are 110 calories a package. I really like them. They have a nutty flavor and I eat them as a snack. The raspberry a really good too! Buy them and enjoy!
Here is the link to Nature's Bakery website. If you scroll down, the ingredients are listed under the nutrition facts. Hope this helps! Blueberry: http://naturesbakery.com/product/blueberry-fig-bars Vanilla:http://naturesbakery.com/product/vanilla-fig
Yes I was confused too, it is 3 1lb bags
I do not know. Gluten is not something I worry about. Sorry. Maybe you can call the company.
We would recommend around 10 lbs. to make sure you have enough for everyone to have a nice size portion.
It worked great in my perk and in my fully automatic grind and brew machine!
It's a super dark roast. Darker than you would ever find in a store or cafe.
Not yet but plan to, I'm sure it'll work amazing as it's very pure! I have only ordered the 1 pound bags as I haven't seen it sold in the two pound quantity.
Yes, they come completely whole. Which, however, makes for a better tasting fresh-ground coffee.
I am not sure I finished it in less than two month let alone six or a year. Most likly it would be the same unless you forget you have it, then it should be gone before you know it.
The matter of caffeine content by roast isn't as simple as darker coffees having less caffeine, depending on how you brew, grind, and measure, either can be said to have more but the difference is so negligible that it's not really a factor worth much note. The choice of dark roast for this coffee was probably a decision made for taste, since this coffee is almost certainly artificially enhanced the dark roast makes for a stronger coffee taste to mask any additions to the grounds.
It is made from robusta coffee beans which are much higher in caffeine than arabica coffee beans. Arabica is the coffee generally used in most commercial coffees and coffee houses. Death Wish Coffee advertises that their coffee contains 200% more caffeine than a standard cup of coffee. A 12 ounce coffee, brewed using the drip method would contain 217mg, so 200% more would put a 12 ounce serving at 651mg. (Death Wish advertises 660mg/12 fl.oz. cup) Consumers must also follow Death Wish Coffee's brewing instructions to arrive at the advertised caffeine content. They recommend using 2 1/2 tablespoons of finely ground coffee per 6 fl. oz. of water. I hope this helps. Great coffee, but packs a punch so follow instructions.
No, it is whole bean.
Espresso is a type of grind.
Death Wish coffee is not banned in any Arab countries to our knowledge and does not contain any alcohol.
It has a strong and clean taste. Not bitter/burnt taste.
Through personal experience the regular death wish coffee is the strongest coffee I have ever tried.
Whole bean
Somewhere on their site or in the blog I came across mention that they use a blend of robusto and arabica, that's how they boost the caffeine while still achieving good aromatics and flavor. It seems that they also have a source of very high quality robusto beans.
Drink two cups
660mg per 12 fluid oz cup. Note that how you brew can effect this.
Perfect with french press. Did not order beans. Coffee was all ready ground but I say it was fine ground. Very smooth coffee. I usually drink Peet's but we tried Death Wish Coffee and it is the World's Best Coffee. Ready to see it in Costco. :)
This coffee is grounded. It can be used in a regular coffee maker or a new one.
it is about the same difference as between Starbucks regular and blonde.
My package says product of China.
According to the package 1.9 oz. dry weight (4.5 servings per package) is a serving and contains 180 calories, 1 gm fat, 8 gm protein, 33 gm carbohydrate, 5 gm fiber and has 10% DV for iron.
Yes
In the ingredients list all it has is organic buckwheat flour and water. It does not specific whole or bleached. The product also has the USDA Organic Symbol and ECOCERT symbol on the packaging. I am not sure if the Omega 3s are available but based on the packaging there was no reference to Omega 3 being inputed into the food. hope I answered your questions.
8.8 oz per package. For the two of us, that's about 2 servings each.
Hi Karen - We just saw your note. All of our herbal teas are naturally decaffeinated. If you are looking for a black tea, we do sell a decaffeinated English Breakfast tea that you may enjoy.
No, this tea has caffeine.
It's about 3.5 ounces
The canister is 51/2" high and 91/2" around, they hold about 2oz of loose leaf tea. Hope this helps!
Yes, you can reuse the canister. It would be perfect to store other tea.
I would gladly pay $6 more to avoid anything to do with Walmart.
The ingredient list says sugar, corn syrup, and further down the list it does show sucralose.
I bought mine about 2 month ago and it's good until 6/2015.
Yes. Better with hot water.
No artificial sweeteners
No.
Yeast extract (no candida albicans) no msg. Carrot, red bell pepper, onions, arrowroot, lemon, citric acid, celery, dill weed, parsley, basil, allspice, paprika. Hope this helps.
It doesn't taste like salt. Frankly, I think the Mrs. Dash seasonings are as good if not better. I had high hopes for this, but will not order again.
The 2 oz bottle is plastic. The 1 pound comes in a paper bag.
I can't tell you how much pepper is in it but it is not overpowering. I use it mainly on meat because there is garlic in it. I tried it on eggs and it was nasty - who likes garlic on eggs? There is no more pepper in it than I would normally use and I am not sure there is any red pepper in it.
Yes it does. Google it.
nope
Nocynthia My aunt is 81 and her family loved the fruit basket she said each piece of fruit was just perfect ripeness and juicy good quality I'm planning on ordering this item again for the Holidays! You do get a mixed bag of opinions but I think you can feel good about sending this basket to a loved one and feel comfortable about giving something they will enjoy.
Yes, you can request to send the fruit basket with a message
I believe they reserve the right to substitute one for the other depending on inventory.
No
Depends on policies of the facility. Call the facility to find out. Make sure the room number/bed number appear on the address, can be put onto the "gift card" as well, which will show on the package.
Hi, Just noticed that there were questions on this item. Please note that if you have questions for Golden State Fruit as a seller that you will reach us quickly by clicking on our "contact the seller" link on our seller profile and we will answer your questions right away. But when asking a question on a detail page, we may not see it in a timely manner. Just so you know in the future, we cannot take orders to a PO box. We need a physical address to deliver to. Thank you.
If you have a customization request for Golden State Fruit as a seller, you will reach us quickly by clicking on our "contact the seller" link on our seller profile and we will answer your questions right away. But when asking a question on a detail page, we may not see it in a timely manner. Thank you.
I'm sorry but I honestly don't know. I do know that my parents very much enjoyed this basket to the point of raving about it. They are very forthright and never fail to let me know if they think that a gift I sent them was somehow sub-par, so...there you are. Good luck!
For perishable gift item containing Fruit & Cheese, available deliveries for this week as of today are Thursday & Friday on a 2 business day service. Orders must be placed by today or tomorrow by noon PST.
Serving size 1/3 cup, servings per pkg 11. Calories 130, calories from fat 35, saturated fat 1.5g, trans fat 0, sodium 20 mg, total carb 21g, dietary fiber 3g, sugars 6g, protein 3g. Hope this helps.
Kind Bar Healthy Grains Clusters: Oats and Honey with Toasted Coconut; Each 11 oz.
No bars. It's granola.
Go to KINDsnacks.com to see information on all products.
1
1 bag. However I received a shipment once and got 3 bags
YES, there are 6 boxes (with 5 in each box); 30 bars total. AND they are delicious, in my opinion. I'm hooked on them and they are also very healthy!!! Hope this helped. :-)
I've had the same experience - the pricing has gone up and down on Amazon recently. The bars have recently been consistently more than twice the cost as usual and I've refused to pay that. I checked the Quaker website and the product locator confirmed that no store in my area carries them anymore. Many postings from others indicate the same thing in other areas. There is a statement on the website (http://www.quakeroats.com/products/product-locator.aspx) saying that Amazon sells them. Based on all of this, it appears to me we're getting gouged because Quaker now only sells them here...
I realize this is a very old question but while I was answering current ones I just thought I'd respond to this one also. Not sure why someone did not respond back when you asked the question...Anyway, there are 6 boxes with 5-1.48oz bars in each,, total of 30 bars. Click on the box of bars (so it will enlarge and make it easier to read), then look at the bottom left hand side of the box. That's where it shows how many bars and the weight of each. Hope this helps; they are delicious if you've never tried them/'my opinion'!!! lol
No, there are only 5 bars in each box and 6 boxes in each case making a total of 30 bars.
The ones I received were not expired, but were within about 2 months of expiration. Since the quantity of our order was so high we did have a hard time eating them by the expiration date.
I called Quaker today, 5/19/14, and was told they are still making banana nut bread bars as well as the cinnamon pecan bread bars. If you go on their website, you can see a listing of all the current products.
I ordered three packs and was charged $5.99 shipping for each pack ($18) and they arrived in one box! I was pretty angry. I wrote them and they said they can't combine because of the way Amazon was set up. They said they sent me a refund but I never really saw it. I won't order again or if I do it will only be one box.
I have frozen them. Seems to be fine, although they were frozen only for a few weeks.
Hi! Thank you for your interest. We pay shipping per lb. If u tell me what you want to order I can check the shipping for you. Thanks again
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51HQZEMz1EL.jpg
I do not remember seeing any kosher symbol on the product package.
3 total carbs per muffin. Nice size and very good actually. I like the cinnamon better than the chocolate, however.
I have the marble ones and they say they have sucralose as a sweetener. They also have sugar alcohols in them. Hope that helps
Yes but save your money, these taste horrid! They have a metallic/chemical taste, I took one bite and threw them all away! Buy the Atkins Endulge bars instead, they are heavenly and worth every penny!
250 in the Strawberry and in the Cinnamon. I have not tried the chocolate.
I don't know, but I can tell you the muffin is inedible. It fails the test and texture test.
Good Afternoon, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry regarding pricing for Our San Francisco Bay products, and in particular these 36 count box for $18.00 and 72 count at $90, they are being sold by a third party reseller. People can buy items and resell them on Amazon at any price they wish. We have no control over this but if you click on the item and it states "sold by Amazon" than that means you are buying directly from Amazon and the price will be less expensive than if you were purchasing from a third party seller through amazon. If you have any more questions and/or concerns about our products you can reach me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com. Thank you and have a great day!
According to their website, http://www.gourmet-coffee.com/decaf-onecups/, the Gorilla & French Roast decafs are Natural Water Processed.
Yes they are K cups. I love San Francisco Bay coffee's any favor. They are the best. I would like to add, I do not throw the k cup away after I have used it. I cut the filter off and dump the coffee grounds into a dish and than I add those coffee grounds to my flower and veggie gardens. So do recycle the coffee grounds into your gardens.
Well Julie, all you have to do is Google "Keurig hack" to find out how to override Keurig's intended monopoly on the coffee pod. Looks pretty simple. To get you started, here's a link to one hack: http://www.treehugger.com/green-food/keurig-coffee-pod-drm-gets-hacked-now-you-can-use-any-horrible-pod.html. Interesting to see how the law suit pans out between the Rogers Family (makers of SF Bay coffee) and Keurig. Until then, hack away and convince your friends to boycott Keurig unless they like paying premium price for pods. Good luck!
They are the only decaf cup I use...never had a problem
They are loose in one big box
The cups do not say organic. The box I received says they use organic fertilizer. That is the only mention of organic. I doubt it is organic. These will NOT work in a Keurig 2.0 without a Freedom Clip. Google Freedom Clip and you can order one for free. I have not received mine yet.
Good evening! My name is Emily Rogers, I am an employee at Rogers Family Company, the manufacturer of this and all San Francisco Bay products. Please note we advise to check that the item you are buying says "shipped" and "sold" by Amazon to ensure you are getting the best price. We have not raised our prices, so I have the suspicion a "third party" seller may make those higher prices appear. Sometimes, if Amazon is out of stock of our products, "third party" sellers will appear to meet demand, but usually have higher prices. If you have any further questions about our products please feel free to email me directly at, erogers@rogersfamilyco.com. Thank you, have a nice night!
Yes
You can use them in the older Keurig brewers. You probably cannot use them in the new 2.0 brewer line. I use them all the time in the old brewer.
lol I dont know but it seems to give everyone the squirts!!!
Yes. Yes they were. Oddly enough gastrointestinal trauma is insufficient to keep me from consuming this sweet little bastards. Don't think I will ever get off the crank now...
The sticker on the package says Austria. Beware, these are not low carb and like some if the reviews state, they cause gastro-intestinal issues.
Yes, you can. Just place your order here and we will send them to UK.
everyone wants to poison their friends and family, driving up cost
To be honest with you, I have no idea. I haven't ever tried the fat free Pringles! Are you suggesting I try them? If you think they will do the same thing, I am totally game for trying them! :)
Yes - it is bad!! They do not taste too bad, but not worth it. I had horrible gas, boating, and spent way too much time in the restroom afterwards. :(
It's a fancy way of saying Sugar Alcohol. It's a sweetner that doesn't have the same compounds as normal sugar, thus doesn't shoot up blood sugar or decay teeth as normal sugar can. It DOES however, have the possibility of giving one a major case of gas if they eat too much of it, because of how the sugar alcohol works. lol
Approximately 820 kcal in 1lb bag
in the bag i bought there were probably 100
They are from Italy, Spain, or Greece, as far as I know. I am in Italy at the moment, and the Mediterranean pine nuts are definitely different from the China pine nuts, or Russian pine nuts or California pine nuts, or other pine nuts grown in the USA. These are softer, and have a buttery flavor, and different shape from other pine nuts. Dr Fuhrman's pine nuts are just like the ones here in Italy. I sincerely hope this helps you.
Dr. Fuhrman's Pine Nuts are raw, however they have a soft texture and can be used raw in salads or any other foods you wish. They are also easy to toast in an oven on a cookie sheet on pastry paper or you can also put a small amount in a frying pan and roast on top of the stove, stirring constantly so they don't burn, for a very short time. Roasting enhances the flavor. Either way stop cooking when they turn golden. Best wishes!
I'm pretty sure it's 8 oz, that's what it says on Fuhrman's website. However, their packaging does look different.
Calories230,fat calories100,Total fat12g,Sat fat 0g,trans fat0g,Cholest. 0g,Sodium 85mg.,Total carbs 25g, fiber 3g ,Protein 6g ,
The quinoa tasted crispy, maybe it is puffed. I have had sprouted quinoa, and this tasted lighter.
6 Grams
This product is sourced from Sri Lanka.
Both items are identical but are sold by different sellers and have different shipping options. The $16.34 Frontier Herb Organic Ground Turmeric Root, 1 Pound is sold by XTREMEK and has free shipping. The Frontier Bulk Turmeric Root Powder CERT ORG Fair Trade Cert, 16 oz is sold by Abe's Market Natural Goods and cost $3.69 to ship.
I've thrown the package away, but I believe it's 1 pound of loose organic turmeric.
It should say "SUGAR FREE," in white above the brand name on the wrapper, as shown in the picture. If it does not say "SUGAR FREE" contact Amazon, since you were sent the wrong item.
I do believe it is with Splenda . They are great... Splenda taste better than other sweeteners.
It just says sugar free on the package
On the back of the package it says sugar free. Each candy is wrapped and it says sugar free on each candy wrapper. I have had dozens of this item and they are all the same. I hope this helps out a little.
Probably about 100.
Try with caution to avoid severe intestinal cramps. I trashed them. LVB
Hard to be 100% sure since I'm not the manufacturer or distributor but a cursory web search shows that there is a strong chance they are kosher. Other listings for the IBC Root Beer Barrels list that they are kosher.
Sorry James I gave them and a few others to my Grandfather and didn't pay attention.He did say they were great so I had one, they are very good.
Avocados are #1 on the clean 15 (dirty dozen/clean 15 www.ewg.org)....very few if any chemicals applied to avocado trees....
Yes, I use it for moisturizing my skin. Just like UBizz said the scent is very light and you need no more than a palm size.
No, it is not refined. The avocado pulp is first expeller-pressed similar to EVOO, then filtered. Smoke point is 375 degrees, so use as you would EVOO for sauteing, stir-fry, etc.
This oil is produced in the state of California in the United States.
no expeller pressed is not cold pressed. expeller pressed is when raw material is pressed and friction causes it to heat up to extract the oils. Depending on the source, depends on how high the heat goes up.
OCT2016
No. Not to me. I'm pleased with the smell. I think olive oil has a worse smell and I've still used it. I saut foods and rub meats with it. It is thicker, but I keep it refridgerated so it takes a minute to thin out. Hope this helps.
that I cannot answer ... Why dont you contact them and ask them to be safe. Personally I love the product !!!
I've only purchased La Tourangelle, so I do not have anything to compare it with. Aside from that, this is a very tasty oil. I have used it in salad dressings, stir-fries, baking and received many compliments on the delicious taste this oil gives to food. Another great use for this avocado oil is to use it as a facial moisturizer. It absorbs quickly and keeps my skin hydrated all day long.
try shaking the can prior to use, if still discolorations, I'd call Amazon to discuss.
Has 70 cal tbl. Total fat 4.5 g. Total carbs is 9g
It is dark chocolate and has a very good flavor.
One serving amounts to 15g or one tbsp. Total carbs per serving are 9g: Dietary fiber=1g, Maititol=7g, and Protein&lt;1g.
dark chocolate
There is no indication on the package of the percentage of chocolate. The Hershey company is the one to provide this information.
Maltttol and milk that addsa "negligible" amount of sugar.
Malitol
A jar this size only costs $3.49 at TJs.
It is golden delicious goodness. If you have the idea of a nut butter in your mind--peanut butter, almond butter, etc., now think of a butter made from cinnamon graham crackers. It is to die for. If you like using nutella, as an example, you will love this--not that it's chocolate, but it's so darn good. And if you don't like it, guaranteed someone in your family will.
Not at all it's more of a dessert it's amazing I eat it right out of the jar lol Ben and Jerry's just came out with a new flavor based on this product
Yes we do.
No
Yes, of course. Thank you.
Plastic
Yes.
You can just add it in like peanut butter. Or put it on top. It is really ridiculously good. My kids just eat it by the spoonful
You can send them to contact seller. You order is in pending, when it comes out of pending I can send you a email and you can respond to that.
They are in glass bottles.
I do. LorAnn "Hard Candy Flavors" are great for e-liquid.
No all of the ones I have got say propylene glycol,water,artificial flavoring
Hi, they are listed in the description and you send them to contact buyer, I also send a email after your purchase with the list of flavors and you can respond to that also.
I can't give you an exact timeline, but such concentrated oils frequently last up to five years unopened if stored in a fairly temperature stable/dry/dark place. Usually I use up a box of about 16 drams of different flavours in less than a year, but I just cracked open a coconut one I've had for about two years and it was fine.
Some of them have some colouring, but it doesn't tend to translate into what you're cooking very much. So if you use some raspberry in a vanilla cake, it may get a very bare hint of pink. Keylime is totally colourless, raspberry's pink as is the cherry, cinnamon is pale yellow, etc, etc
Don't see why you couldn't, I'm merely saying that they were originally designed for candy mixes. There are a bunch of stevia flavoring extracts you can buy that will provide 80-120 uses. These small drams will probably proved 25-35 uses.
Yes the pumpkin is awesome!!! I do carry it in the 1 ounce.
I tasted each oil before adding to my fondant or ganache centers. The only way I can describe the oils are mediciny; alcoholy; and cough syrypy, for lack of a better description. They are, in my opinion, awful tasting on their own. But, when added to my fillings, they were delicious! Hope this helps.
You can use it in anything you want to flavor. I have used it to make sodas, rootbeer flavored chex mix and muddy buddies, and I flavor vapor liquid for e-cigarettes.
Yup, good flavors also
1-Apple 2-Apricot 3-Banana Cream 4-Blueberry 5-Butterscotch 6-Caramel 7-Champagne 8-Cheesecake 9-Chocolate Hazelnut. 10-Coconut 11-Cotton Candy 12-Cranberry 13-Cran Raspberry 14-Cream De Menthe 21-Grape-Green Apple-Horehound-Keoke-Key Lime-Lemon oil-Lemonade-LicoriceMango-Maple-Marshmallow-Melon-Peach-Pear-Pecan-Peppermint oil-Pina Colada-Pineapple-Pistachio-Pomegranate-Praline Cream-Raspberry-Red Licorice-Root Beer-Sassafras-Spearmint oil-Strawberry-Strawberry Kiwi-Tangerine oil-Tropical Punch-Tutti Frutti-Vanilla Butternut-Watermelon-Wintergreen
This is the only setup, customers buy certain flavors for ejuice.
I would assume that you can pick any flavors that you want to make up the 24 count. The 24 count is the 24 bottles. So if you wanted 3 Root Beer, just say so when you contact the vendor. I had 24 different flavors just because I wanted to experience a wide variety.
Yes I have them all in stock, I would get some droppers and just put a little in until it taste how you want it.
I made a list from the options in The description and emailed them to the seller in the box for special instructions
I've always used them with something that has fat in it. However, they are made to use for making candy. A few of the oils have a small amount of alcohol. Being a chemist, I presume that these oils would not be soluble in water by themselves, but the addition of the alcohol makes them miscible in water.
you can use them with any type juice or icy, or flavored teas that uses a flavored simple syrup (equal parts of water and white sugar bring to boil let cool add a few drops of flavoring) to make an extract, add a few drops of the concentrated flavoring to 2 ounces vodka or other light flavored clear alcohol.
What do you mean by vape? If you ate talking about vaporizer cigarettes I don't believe any of these. It is way to strong of flavorings. These are for cooking only.
Chicory root, calcium, vitamin C, and natural flavors from orange peel. 100% Natural Cocoa powder. Calcium citrate. 100% Natural vanilla bean powder.
Total Carbs are listed as 22g and Dietary Fiber is listed as 21g. Hope this helps.
Unfortunately, Swanson Health Products does not accept International orders through Amazon.
It doesn't list milk in the ingredients, but lists calcium and calcium citrate.
Here is how it reads on the label: Total Carbohydrate 22g and under that: Dietary Fiber 21g, Sugars 1g. Under % Daily Value it reads: Total Carbohydrate 7%, Dietary Fiber 84%, Sugars nothing listed. Hope this helps.
Chicory root, calcium, vitamin C, and natural flavors from orange peel. 100% Natural Cocoa powder. Calcium citrate. 100% Natural vanilla bean powder.
I Googled it. http://www.xocoatl.org/caffeine.htm
The product lists only four ingredients, none of which are dairy: Chicory root, Ghiradelli cocoa powder, calcium citrate, and vanilla bean powder. You can get more information about the ingredients at their website, www.justlikesugarinc.com.
I don't think it really has any aftertaste but I also think it's not super sweet either.
have no idea. when I tried to open it to use it, it was like cement. I had to throw it away.
silica
new zealand
Yes. It works well in coffee or tea. It is a very fine powder.
It says on the package that it can be used for baking. I have never done so but have used it as a sweetner for several years now.
They were full size items like you would see on the store shelf. I still have one cake mix and it says 15 oz on the package. I love the pancake mix and the brownie mix was awesome.. I like the cake mix but it makes a heavier cake than what you may be used to. Over all a wonderful product. Like these better than others I have tried.
Yes it has improved.The mixea,brownie cookies,are very good. I use bisquick as well as king arthurs.
No it is actually one of each box.
I got the gluten free pack-bisquick,brownies,cookies and cake mix. All were of very good quality gluten free products.
Yes, it does. The jar is PET plastic (also known as PETE and designated by a recyclable "1") does not contain BPA.
This product is not certified organic and is in a plastic container. The second one is certified organic and is in a glass container.
I believe you can keep raw honey, even the heated kind, indefinitely. Should be stored in cool, dry place. The raw honey is much healthier than the heated honey.
Organic honey as any other organic food is free of pesticides
I believe the little white label that says pasturized is wrong. If it was pasturized it would be liquid. The little label on mine says raw hon...pasturized. I think it just cut off the un like it cut off honey.
On which blend are you referring to
Yes, and I would say it had much more flavor as well.
Yes
I am a big fan of green mountain Sumatran Reserve, and Dark Magic. I only drink bold and strong coffee and both are not acidity to my taste
That's an incredibly broad question. Here's the manufacturer's product page: http://www.keurig.com/coffee/sumatran-reserve-extra-bold-coffee-k-cup-gmc. (Note that Amazon's price is much better than what you'd pay to buy directly from them.) As the name implies (and as the Keurig web site explicitly states,) this coffee USDA certified Organic and Fair Trade certified, if that is something you care about. Personally, just like it a lot. It's a very dark coffee. I happen to prefer South Pacific varieties (Sumatra, Java, Kona) over the more common Colombian varieties, but your taste may differ from mine.
The jar lists these: sugar, non-hydrogenated palm and or canola oil almonds, low fat cocoa powder, skim milk powder,whey, soy flour, soy lecithin. Hope this helps.
Listed as on container: Sugar, non-hydrogenated palm and/or canola oil, almonds, low fat cocoa powder, skim milk powder, whey (milk protein), soy flour, soy lecithin, hazelnuts.
13 ounces
No refrigeration necessary.
Yes
not too many, for me it is too sweet ; sugar is the first ingredient
Yes, but we do carry Organic Apple Rings that do not have any preservatives.~
No evidence of it. No sweetness detected.
Product of China packages in NY
No. They are soft and pliable not crisp like baked ones. They are good but like I said not crispy
I'm not sure, as I've never really sniffed it, but my sister and I both use it and love it. I've been using it for quite a while now, and no ill effects.
Unique parboiling method that skinnyrice uses allows the finished product to have a low G level. They age the product for a minimum of 2 years in conditions similar to a spa to allow a steady delivery of superior tasting and nutritional rice. Is naturally grown and never genetically modified. Hope that helps you. I love this rice.
The package just has instructions for stove top. Sorry do not know about rice cooker. Try e-mailing the company.
I wash the rice thoroughly and it cuts the strange smell and taste. Hope that helps if you have not done it already.
I honestly don't know. I am taking the label info as accurate regarding it being more like brown rather than white rice. If the label is correct it probably works more effectively than Dreamfields does with pasta, as the carbs aren't that much different from regular pasta's. I hope the labels are accurate, as there are certain dishes that work much better with white rice than brown.
I can special order larger sizes for you.
It depends on how big the batch of candy is that you are making. The recipe I used called for 2 1/2 cups of sugar. It made a cookie sheet's worth of candy. I used an entire "sample" bottle of this flavoring and I found it not enough. I hope that helps.
This is THE BEST flavor around. Get it!
Absolutely not! My boyfriend and i thought it woyld be too and it wasnt! We got 5 flavors and all five of them were disgusting!!!! They smell great but arent good for vaping. My friend says they might if you mix it with VG but its not something to use just how it is.
Well man, i use for make liquid. And all its fine
I use in vape (hookah pen) why?
The one I bought did have 5 flavors, I had trouble being able to pick those flavors. After 2 e-mails this was fixed. They do have other ways to order. U can order 1 at a time or even order up too 200!. Good Luck and have fun.
yes you can. top five would be 1: So 2: - rry 3: I 4: Dont 5: Know
No, but if you go to their website it will have the ingredients of them added in it.
I dont think it has nicotine but i didnt mix it with anything
Hi, Good question. We have calculated 100 1/2 cup servings. Our family (teenagers) usually consume 1 cup on the average. It may help to note that we add cheese/seasonings to this and reconstitute it before preparation/baking. It is a high quality product as we have tried other brands over the years with unsatisfactory results.
Once you hydrate these is cold water, you can insert them in many recipes. Casserole like potato au gratin. Or pat dry, oil and season them and bake them. Or cook the in soups or stews. You could simmer them in boiling water until tender, drain and mash or make German potato salad. The prep work is done. No peeling or slicing. &#128515;
The slices are the exact same thing as you would get in a box of Skillet potatoes. THe only difference is that they do not come with a spice packet. I purchased some hidden valley ranch powered dressing and added my own spices to it, then cook the same way. They are great.
The easy way is to get something like this
Yes, from Salt Lake City, Utah.
Dehydrated Potato Slices
I purchased 2 and they are tagged as follows: Mfg Nov 2013 - Best by Nov 2038 (25yrs)
The bucket is shipped in a box
No, these are not GMO free.
Yes, oxygen absorbers helps in removing the air thus extending the shelf life.
They have 25 packs in each box.
01/2017
I am a regularly user of the agano coffees and usually what I ordered is what I gets,
NO wrong person
The label says, "USDA Organic," Lundberg Farms is in California, and the label also says it is "Certified Organic by California Certified Organic Farmers CCOF," so I believe the answer to your question is "YES".
Lundberg Black Japonica rice is Eco-Farmed rice. It is Kosher, Non-GMO verified, and Vegan. It also meets Canadian and Japanese Organic standards.
It is a blend. Two colors black and something like mahagany. Good stuff. Outstanding. Only rice I buy.
I believe it is only a bulk sale / commercial use focused product. I buy it for a restaurant.
Yes the plants are separate from the moss. The plants are moist and then you plant them in the moss when you receive them Venus is doing very well, you lose a few stems at first but now she is putting on some growth.
Yep, they don't need to eat to live. They will just grow slower.
Yes. You need to allow time for the venus flytraps to come out of hibernation after they arrive in the mail. The set of instructions provided will guide you through it.
No
Yes it comes with the net pot and moss - you only need a plastic container/cereal bowl size to put the net pot in - separate the plants as they come wrapped together and follow the directions included - ours took about 3-4 days to wake up just as the instructions said.
They're 3 different types, I separated them and they're doing well. Just follow the instructions when you get them.
No, unless you are a very small insect!
Traps will turn black (dead) it's normal you will lose some from time to time as for the Distelled water I stopped giving Distelled water to my VFT I try getting as much rain water and water them with that remember that's what they were getting before they were taken from their environment and give them plenty of sun hope this helps
Absolutely.
While they survived it seemed to help quite a bit with ours. We had gnats and flies that were obnoxious. But every time I have had issues with them. Got tired of dealing with it. Really like them but I don't know why but can't keep them alive.
60 calories/serving. Both the white and multi grains taste very good.
No. I'd strongly recommend this product.
Yes
I did! When thawed, tastes fresh!
Yes, it should last longer in the refrigerator. Ours doesn't last long enough for me to know how long. Very good bread.
This bread is good, very moist, but it gets moldy in 3 days. I had to throw most of it away.
Hi. I just got a loaf out of the freezer after two (2) weeks, and it was no way near dried out:) If there were any changes at all to the bread, then, I could not tell at all. Not to mention, I then kept the remaining slices in the fridge (Inside an air tight storage bag) for a couple more days and then finished it all:) I even shared a couple of slices with my dog! Hope that helps...but then again, everybody has their own take to things...
There is no way to do that through amazon. If you over pay on shipping we do refund the difference.
We only charge what it costs us to ship. If you order more the price goes down per item. For three standard loaves (does not include sourdough) it's around $15 to ship. You might be able to find it at a local health food store. Where are you located?
I purchased for a gluten free patient...as I was tired of running to the store. It is superior & very good. I will check all there info they sent me.
Its for a 6-8 oz cup and nuke it for about 2 min
It keeps me regulated and helps my blood pressure
yes
It has it's own unique flavor. Not at all like cappuccino and not as sweet as a latte. It's perfect!
Thank you for ask. $14.50
I use no sugar for my tasting; I empty a packet in a cup of hot water and enjoy. Or if I want to drink it cold I put in a little cold water and ice and enjoy even more
Helps lower blood pressure and helps suppress appetite
20 units
I hope not.....
China
Typical sushi roll size
If you're not used to the taste of nori, they may taste a bit fishy to you. But the drying process removes a lot of the fishiness.
No
Yes, definitely Necco
No, they aren't. My kids could eat them but I sucked on them. They are the original candy which were hard.
The batch that I received were the original flavor. The white ones are minty, yellow is banana, etc.
Yes, considering the period this candy was developed and the fact that gelatin for the most, an animal byproduct. However I am not 100% sure of this because it was around that period a Plant substitute was discovered and/or was used widely. The candy does including gelatin as one of it ingredient. I wrote Necco on the subject of Sweetheart and they did respond to my email. You can go the site itself and asked them directly. I also provide a direct address below for you asked them directly yourself. http://www.necco.com/Contact.aspx Good question
I still have some left over from last year in an air tight container and they're still as fresh as the day I bought them, still crunchy. So it depends on how and where you store them. They are composed entirely of sugar which is effected by moisture and air. So its up to you on the shelf life. Put them in an open bowl in an even remotely moist environment and they wont last a week. Unless you like them without the crunch and soft.
Yes
Just one teaspoon in a normal coffee cup.
100 grams or 3.5 ounces
there is definately a difference between curds but have no idea why - Trader Joe's is best tasting and texture that I have tried.
Sugar, butter, water, fruit pectin, citric acid, lemon oil, concentrated lemon juice and whole pasteurized egg.
This is not the same as lemon butter. Lemon butter has an apple butter consistency and lemon curd is smooth and more like pie filling.
Can be frozen and do very well
You could, but they would be a mini size ice cream sandwich which would be great for a small child
They might be. A good guess anyway. I put whipped cream in between and freeze. That is delicious.
On the "Nutrition Facts" side at the bottom is printed "for best when used by information, please see date printed on package." (Could be a word or two left out or out of order?) On the "Famous Chocolate Wafers" side center bottom, the date is printed in large dotted letters.
No
These are a high quality product. We get this product weekly from the manufacture.
Sealed very well. Not a paper wrapper.
According to the stats on the packaging; Serving Size 10 pieces and Total Carb./Glucides 38g - 13% of daily Value
The only flavor I tried was the orange flavor but I would think they would all be spicy because it is the natural spice of the ginger that makes it seem spicy.
Yes. Cane sugar is the first ingredient and then ginger.
Yes you could do that, but I think it would defeat the purpose of having a product that unmixed needs no special storage and has unlimited shelf life. Whereas once water is added, and the product does contain a form of coconut sugar, there may be a chance of spoilage. Additionally I would think you would need a larger container if you chose to hydrate the entire contents.
No, it does not need to be as it still will be in a powder form. You only mix the amount that you will use at the time. If you make to much and try to refrigerate it, it turns mushy and watery. I use very cold water or for a variety, use chocolate almond milk. You can also sprinkle the powder into vegetable/fruit juices for additional protein and flavor. This is a much better product than pb2 - which I won't ever buy again, because of the taste. Hope this helps! Cheryl
This product is certified USDA Organic.
Product Label: Organic Powdered Peanut Butter Nutrition Facts Serving Size 2 Tablespoons (12 g) Servings Per Container 15 Amount Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 45 Calories from Fat 10 Total Fat 1.5 g 2% Saturated Fat 0 g 0% Trans Fat 0 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 90 mg 4% Potassium 140 mg 4% Total Carbohydrate 5 g 2% Dietary Fiber 1 g 4% Sugars 2 g Protein 4 g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 0% Iron 2% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Calories 2,000 2,500 Total Fat Less than 65 grams 80 grams Saturated Fat Less than 20 grams 25 grams Cholesterol Less than 300 mg 300 mg Sodium Less than 2,400 mg 2,400 mg Total Carbohydrate 300 grams 375 grams Dietary Fiber 25 grams 30 grams Calories per gram: Fat 9 Carbohydrate 4 Protein 4 INGREDIENTS: Organic Peanuts, Organic Coconut Sugar*, Sea Salt. *Coconut Sugar is produced from the sap of the coconut palm flower, and does not taste like coconut. It is sustainably harvested and low glycemic, containing trace vitamins and minerals. Allergens: Contains Peanuts and a Coconut ingredient (Tree nut). Good manufacturing practices are used to segregate ingredients in a facility that processes other products, which may contain peanuts, treenuts, wheat (gluten), milk, soy and/or eggs. Instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons of Organic Powdered Peanut Butter with 1 tablespoon of water until smooth. For thicker consistency, add less water. Certified organic by Indiana Certified Organic, LLC. (ICO). Certified Gluten-Free. Just Add Water. Non-G.M.O. USDA Organic.
Yes, it has coconut sugar.
You would need to check the expiration date on the jar. It will say...Best if used by... It does not clarify if opened or not.
Hi Kim, Thank you so much for your interest! I am really sorry for our delay in responding to you - I only saw this today. 1) How many sheets are in each package? &gt; About 22 sheets per package, 6 packages per case. You'll get 1 case for what you pay. 2) What size are the sheets? &gt; 8.5 inches 3) How long is the shelf life? &gt; Please see on package for the exact date. But they last a while, as they're like dried pasta. 4) How do they need to be stored? &gt; Just in your kitchen cupboard, like rice or dried pasta. Please let us know if there's any other questions. Thank you again for your interest and have a lovely day. Thao
Most certainly Yes! But I prefer to fill it with raw vegetables, kelp noodles, tofu and rolling it up and eating as is with a dipping sauce.
according to label: 22 g carbs per serving, with 1 g dietary fiber; 8 servings per package. my package had 25 wrappers (I know because I made salad rolls for a party), so each serving is approx. 3 wrappers; that means one wrapper has about 7 g carbs
I believe it is as Star Anise Foods is a Women-Owned San Francisco, CA-Based Company. I have emailed the company with questions about their products and they were very helpful!
Yes its one box of 6 packs of wraps.
There is no expiration date that I have on mine. I see them as being non-perishable and I have had them for over a year probably and had some of them a month ago and they were still good. I don't eat carbs much anymore and 6 packages for just one person is lasting a long time.
I don't think you would need to. I'd call the company and ask. :) if you shop around you will find these for less money.
They have a long shelf life. I just keep them unopened in the pantry. Once opened, I store the opened bag in a gallon ziplock bag for several months with no problem.
i am not sure these can be frozen. They are dry, like pasta. So they have a very long shelf life if kept dry. I keep mine in the pantry, and they seem to keep in good shape for a long time. Hope that helps.
The wrapper says "product from the farmers of Vietnam"
The taste of this cherry covered chocolate is sweet and bitter and has a hint of the taste of alcohol, which is perfectly balanced, I think. I don't like chocolate that is too sweet and don't like cherry that is taste like a plastic cherry. I like this chocolate since over 30 years ago and I couldn't find this for long time. Last time when I got this chocolate, the taste was just like I dreamed of, and it didn't disappoint me at all!
we do ship from California with Priority Mail which is 1-3 business days to anywhere in the US.
Dear Joseph Vignola. The expiration date is 3-5/15 a long time. They are Original Shipped from Europe - Germany. Directly and Fresh.
We ship them from Sacramento, CA. So you do not have to pay any customs duty etc.
the expiration date on the ones I ordered last spring is Aug 25, 2013...I still have some and I don't think they will go bad...mine are in the refrigerator and let's face it....alcohol does not really go bad.
We get new products every week, so there is no specific date of manufacture
Bought it back in October and expires in March 23rd 2013... So still 6 months of its shelf life.
According to several reliable sources, these heirloom cultured yogurts do not grow weaker with each batch. http://www.thekitchn.com/heirloom-yogurt-cultures-a-diy-musthave-192894
You will want to keep them cool, just put them in the fridge.
I believe it has some milk solids in it, not sure about if it is kosher or not
The culture itself does not contain milk or dairy, but since it's used to culture dairy (by feeding on the lactose or milk sugar), it is hard to see what you are getting at here. I do not know if it would make the same product or be able to grow on soy "milk" or other non-dairy liquids.
No, no sugar.
The manufacturer does not state on the package or on its website what cultures it includes. But I think L. acidophilus is part of the definition of a yogurt culture and for those several I have seen that do declare the cultures, I have not seen a single one that did not include it. However, I recently made a batch of "Bulgarian" buttermilk with the 901 buttermilk starter from GetCulture (which does not contain acidophilus) plus a little Bulgarian buttermilk from the supermarket because 901 does not include L. bulgaricus. I aimed at a thick result (see procedure on the GetCulture website) and it came out about as thick as yogurt and I might possible have gotten it thicker had I added non-fat dry milk (which I do to my yogurts).
Directions?! Just make it like you normally make coffee!! It's so delicious!!
It is ground. I never used a perculator but it worked good in my kieurig reusable cup if that helps?
I am sorry, I do not remember. I ordered this last year. It is a very good flavor though. This is what we drank down in the Dominican last October.
It is confusing but it comes in 12, paying that much for only 6 would be absurd!
November 2016
Not sure???
The one I received was about 5 inches tip to tip for the width and about 3 inches in overall height.
Yes.
I am sorry Debbie,I had the same problem. I made 5 different orders of air plants, and they all died within three weeks I have green thumb and have many varieties of tropical and Cactus and Succulent plants, so I figured I would do with air plants too, but no such luck, but I also do have many varieties of epiphytes
I got the small teardrop terrarium so I think the plant was about 1 and 1/2 inches. I gave it as a gift.
Just one per order. I ordered three and received three. I love them. DT
No necessary... I use a sealed large jar. It keeps them fresh for months. If you freeze them, seal them well from frost.
I considered that i usually would use 1lb for my family of four, (2 adults,2 kids) so i had 11 dinners. But now theyre grown up (teens)and eat adult sized dinners, so i use more depending on how starving they are (again, teens) and use close to 2 lbs.so i get about 5 dinners. Leftovers (if any)go with dh for lunch the next day.
Here is the ingredient list from the package: Duran wheat semolina, eggs 14.6%, breadcrumbs (wheat flour type O, salt, yeast), cheese [pasta filata cheese 3% (milk, salt, RENNET), vaccine ricotta from milk serum 1.9%], milk serum powder! vegetable oil! dehydrated tomatoes 0.4%, dehydrated spinach 0.4%, salt, milk protein, butter flavoring. Hope that helps!
Team: I rebagged it when it came in, so the label is long gone. 11# is a lot of tortellini ... It's a dry cheese not fatty so it shouldn't be too bad. Most of the oils if any would boil out during cooking. If you rinse after cooking to cool, then more fats are gone. It's what you put on the pasta that's fattening. LOL Hope this helps ... ; )
I think it should be fine. As soon as it's opened, however, it should be soaked in a bowl of water, as per the directions.
4 1/2" wide with flat bottom Kit includes pebbles, moss, glass globe and air plant I purchased it as a gift, and it was well received. I will be purchasing one for myself I was really impressed with the Air plant terrarium. You just soak it in water for awhile every so often.
They can go quite a while without water. I spritz mine like once a month and they have been good for over a year now.
Not sure - this one didn't live for my daughter in law, but I have had two for about a year and they have not grown. They are not in glass, but in the open on a dish. I just spray them with water every couple of days.
I bought this one as a gift so I'm not sure about it specifically. I do have another one that I mist daily with a spray bottle. Hope that helps.
Yes. It doesn't have to be direct sunlight but it should definitely be in a room that gets light during the day.
I actually received a pack of Sunflower seeds for my "Thank You". I planted them in the spring and had gorgeous sunflowers the whole summer. If it doesn't specify what type of seeds. Plant them in a separate pot and enjoy the surprise.
Sorry. Doubtful.
You might want to contact the company directly. They are great getting back in answers and any help you need. Fast, also. I have had my plants since May and they are doing great and getting bigger.
The plant needs water every couple of weeks or it will fie
Well, Corey I did some research and it appears that you may be on to something. Already purchased a gigantic package of Stevia In The raw, so I will likely ride it out. However, I am now on the lookout for a natural sugar substitute, any suggestions? Someone suggested Sweet Leaf brand but not sure about that either.
Yes I received a box of 1,000 green little packets like in the picture.
Stevia Extract in the Raw is manufactured by Cumberland Packing Corp in Brooklyn, NY. It is my understanding that this product is made of Stevia extract, with some dextrose added.
Dextrose, Stevia Leaf Extract
Not sure if there is an expiration on such a product as this. This product comes in a plastic bag of 1,000, not in a box. Go to the grocery store to see if they have an expiration date on their boxes there. Additionally, this product is not the brand name called "Stevia In The Raw." It is called: "Yes!" a stevia sweetner. If you want the product called "Stevia In The Raw" you won't find it here. It is misadvertising.
To my knowledge it does not expire, much like sugar. Because it's a natural product, I'm sure it tastes better if it's not "old", but we buy them 1000 pkts at a time and that usually lasts 6-8 months. No change in flavor or potency in that amount of time. I hope that helps.
Absolutely! I use the dough cycle on my bread machine all the time with Caputo 00 flour. This is a 'wetter' dough than a normal pizza dough. It can be a bit sticky, but a floured surface and floured hands are all you need. Once you are used to working with this type of dough, it's no more difficult to use than any other flour. Keep in mind, however, unlike with many more forgiving recipes, bread and pizza dough (especially, this type) really need to use exact measurements and less guesswork (and a HOT oven). Here is a perfect recipe for pizza dough with Caputo 00 flour (make it by weight and, if possible, let it sit over night in the fridge. Or not!): http://www.fornobravo.com/PDF/Using-caputo-tipo00.pdf I use the bread machine's dough cycle with this recipe and it is always perfect!
This is regular "bleached" flour.
Yes real deal. Repacked for smaller quantities for home baking.
Hello, mine did not. If you are aging your flour make sure to de-humidify it first on a baking sheet in the oven on low heat. JH
It seems best to measure by weight instead of volume which has helped me especially when it comes to salt, but is also better with flour. I use 500 grams flour, 10 g salt (course sea salt), 3 g instant yeast, and 325 grams of water. I found this recipe on a site that builds brick ovens and it's worked very well. I use a Kitchaid mixed with a dough hook mixing on speed 1-2 until fully mixed, then rest in the bowl for 10-12 mins, and then on speed 4-6 for about 5-6 mins. Mixing it this way has improved the dough and it's close to the system at Mordernist Cuisine in the link below. To see the how volume compares to weight see the link at Mordernist Cuisine. It has recipe and some tips that I haven't tried yet http://modernistcuisine.com/recipes/neapolitan-pizza-dough/ but it's very close to what I'm using.
I believe you would have to order something like 50 lbs. in order to receive the flour in its original packaging. I ordered the smaller re-packaged bag and it worked out great. Will order again.
I forgot what it was. It has been a while, but I remember it was pretty high, and he makes a great thing crust. I don't think the label on the bag had any information. Research the web for your quest.
Hello. I assume your question was, "Is Antimo Caputo 00 Pizzeria Flour a good choice for making cookies?" The answer is NO. However, it is very good for making pizza.
I doubt you'll find many stores, other than online businesses that happen to be selling the Caputo 00 Pizzeria flour. You can do searches online to find various places that can sell it to you, or purchase it online through Amazon. If you can find an Italian Import store, they may carry the Antimo Caputo Chef's 00 flour in 1 kilo bags, but I would doubt they would carry the 25 kilo (~55 lb) bags that are intended more for restaurant use.
It is the same flour. I checked and there was a post discussing this issue. They call it (the Pizzeria flour) Chef's Flour for marketing purposes depending on who the reseller is. MUCH!!! better than all purpose.
It's been awhile since I ordered these and, of course, they're gone now, but I would say there were at least as many as are in a regular sized bag of large marshmallows.
I'm not sure. I ordered them 10 days before my daughters wedding and they were all very soft so I know at least 10 days. :)
I'd say a little smaller than standard. Not mini or jumbo.
No. As far as I know, they are not processed anywhere near soy or other tree nuts. They are raw (and delicious). I am allergic to soy, peanuts and HAZELNUTS are deadly to me. In fact 2 weeks ago, I bought a jar of sunflower/sesame butter from an organic food store. I put some on a cracker and after I ate the 3rd cracker, my tongue swelled to the point where I couldn't close my mouth, when my throat and face started to swell, I had to be rushed to put ER. I brought the jar with me. I had to be admitted and given several med's through an IV drip. The ER doctor read the ingredients: it said something like : Processed in a facility that also processes tree nuts and peanuts. She believes somehow hazelnut got cross contaminated with the sunflower/sesame butter. She said if the butter had contained any Hazelnut, I probably wouldn't be alive today. I had some of these cashews yesterday. I've never had any reaction to them. It does say on the package that the only allergen it contains are cashews so if you're not allergic to cashews, you shouldn't have a problem. Hope this was helpful.
Yes.
These are not roasted at all, so yes they are unsalted.
The only ingredient is cashews, so yes.
I assume these are conventionally grown, as there is nothing on the label about how they are grown. The country of origin is Vietnam/India so who knows?!!!
I don't know.
What does whole 30 approved mean? I have never heard of this.
Sorry, can't help you they came in a plain plastic bag.
Hi Louis, the very first ingredient is nonfat milk. Hope this helps!
October 1st 2014
Yes
It is not sugar free. Contains 5 grams per serving.
The ingredient list contains sugar, corn syrup and sucralose, so yes, they do have a small amount of artificial sweetener in them. Most of the k-cups described as "cappucino" or "latte" have sucralose in them, I assume since this artificial sweetener has a lower volume than sugar. You only have so much space in those little cups for additions to the coffee!
70 calories and 5 grams of sugar. It is delicious!
It sure can. All k-cups can be used in the 2.0 system
ye
I love that Chocolate, and I use it in my Keurig. It should work in all Keurigs.
Im sorry , but I really don't know if it is gluten free. I sent these kcups as a gift . You can always look on line or even call the company to find out . Im sorry I was of no help. But if it is gluten free , the price is great for the amount of kcups you get. Good luck!
This is the ingredient list - Ingredients: Corn Syrup, Sugar, Cocoa (Processed with Alkali), Hydrogenated Coconut Oil, Nonfat Milk, Salt, Less than 2% of: Dipotassium Phosphate, Dextrose, Mono- and Diglycerides, Acesulfame Potassium, Carrageenan, Natural and Artificial Flavor, Sucralose. Looks like it is sweetened by corn syrup and sucralose
We have a fairly new Kuerig and they work great. I can't see Kuerig changing their cups for different pots. I'd say that yes, they should fit.
The only items I have found that don't have the artificial sweeteners are items that are not sweetened, like regular coffees and unsweetened iced teas. :( I think its horrible that they use that junk in so many of their kcups!
They are slow pressure cooked at a low 240 degrees and have NO EXPIRATION date. A reasonable shelf life is about 12 -15 years but many people believe it may last 30 - 35 years or longer. Roscoe anoutdoorsport
Unfortunately, to my knowledge, that just doesn't exist. 15 years is the shelf life on the Survival Cave Canned Meats which is pretty good and better than freeze dried meats which are in the 10 year range.
They are not #10 cans. They are larger like a large can of tomato sauce.
I received 12 - 28 ounce cans
No
Each can is 14.5 oz, there are 12 cans to a box.
Sorry to take so long to answer. Each can is 28 ounces.
No
Packaged in a standard fitting cardboard box. Arrived fine with no dents
Ground Beef
It comes in a case with packing material inside to avoid crushing.
This is per serving: Total Fat 5 Grams Saturated Fat 3.5 Gram Trans Fat 0 Grams There are about 5 Servings per can.
No, the only ingredients are beef and salt.
Easy once open you can keep it container or freezer zip lock bag.
There are no nut warnings on the label. It has this ingredient list: Sugar, FD&C Red No. 40 (E129), Artificial Flavor, Vanillin. It does have a warning that it contains soy.
Yes it can. I actually like the sugar better than using the hard candy.
I just checked the box , it doesn't say nothing about kosher , sorry
Well depending on when you buy, you'll have a different date, but I bought mine about a year ago and it expires 1 yr and 6 months from that. It's just sugar and flavor, so ask yourself, when would your sugar expire? Almost never really.
1
I haven't used it all at one time, but I have used it through several birthday parties with 15 children attending and still have some left. Definitely a good value. Hope this helped.
I would say there was about 8 cups
The carton says 60-70 cones. I made about 65 for what I was doing and I still have a enough for filling the machine one more time. So maybe 15 more? But not all cones were created equal so I think the 60-70 is pretty accurate.
No, you just get the one carton for the flavored listed.
We estimate 50 cones. With low humidity, closer to 60.
The listing is for 1 carton. We do not ship outside the United States.
No
No , it's not sugar free. It has artificial flavoring . They don't call it sugarfloss for nothing. But I must say, it taste awesome !
8 ounces comes to about 1/4" from the rim
Acutally they are made in China...sorry
Glass. Doubled wall. Prevents to burn hands while drinking hot tea.
yes, we haven't had any problems
Yes, the cups are dishwasher and microwave safe.
No its more of a cup you use if you have a tea kettle or your warming the water first
Leavened matzo is an oxymoron. No matzo is leavened. The whole point is to celebrate the Israelites escaping from Egypt and not having the time to allow the bread to rise while on the run.
The ingredients say "Passover wheat flour and water"
Yes I'm sure, they do NOT have salt. The box says "all natural, no sodium, fat free" and in the list of ingredients it says 0% sodium, ... in fact the only ingredients are wheat flour and water. To go even further, besides being kosher, they are also lactose free and vegetarian as well. And just so you know each 1 lb. box has 3 sealed packages with 6 pieces of matzos in each. I mis-ordered and now we have enough matzos here at the church for 3 years! Blessings, Drew Kimberley Baptist Church
Don't know.
Yes, they are square boxes. The container for all the boxes is rectangular.
No, but some specialty markets like Whole Foods do sell gluten free matzos.
That's what it claims to contain. I don't remember the number . I do remember that mine were crisp, flavorful, and fresh tasting.
Each cracker is the size if the box. There are 18 pieces in each box.
They are unsalted.
Yes, unsalted.
sugar, glucose/fructose syrup, fruit juices from concentrate-Raspberry, lemon, elderberry, water, flavouring, no preservative, no colors. It is delicious and like you would get at a high end restaurant/ice cream shop.
This definitely and absolutely is not a sugar-free product. I know I have a bottle somewhere but I can't find it, so for the list of ingredients, I took to Google and found the list in French, which I've translated for you: Sugar, glucose-fructose syrup, fruit juice from concentrate: 29% (15% raspberry, lemon, elderberry), water, flavor I've known and enjoyed Teisseire-brand products since early childhood, but like I mentioned and as you can see in the ingredients, it's mostly just sugar and syrup.
They don't really have nutrition on there but they do have ingredients
No. I use it primarily for creating "Rasberry Vodka" summer drinks and it works GREAT !
when I purchased these, there were 6 packs.
Yes. I think it's just extra flour. Just like some non gluten free bread have white powder over them.
Yes.
Yes- I just bake as directed but put them in the oven while it's preheating. They come out great!
Pretty long. I used to buy a case once a month. Because the rolls are parbaked you have the option of cooking them as you go.
Each bottle 1.1 oz (30g)
The ingredients say, "Ground vanilla beans" nothing else is listed.
There is nothing that says it is raw, and it has no aroma or taste of vanilla.
Probably- I threw mine out- it had no taste:(
Very helpful - soybean oil really???? In this day and age you make an Organic product with soybean oil! Will never buy this product.
It's under $5 for exactly the same jar at Trader Joe's!
According to the label, it is made with organic pasteurized egg yolks.
It better be pure saffron oil at this price.
Yes it is dairy free. It has soy oil and eggs, mustard. No apparent gluten or dairy.
Four to five liters depends on how much water you add to the mix because taste terrible
1.2 pounds
4 inch in diameter and 6 inches high.
Mine. Was the same way, but didn't like as a drink. I used it ad a dry rub on a pork roast, was amazing.
Seller could have bought in bulk and split them up to make more money
Sure do! That is what I use them in.
CARAMEL APPLE GROVE SQUARE CIDER INGREDIENTS: Ingredient Statement: Citric Acid, Malic Acid, Maltodextrin, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Sodium Citrate, Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C), Caramel Color, Aspartame**, Acesulfame Potassium, Cellulose Gum, Calcium Silicate, Magnesium Oxide. Contains: Milk and Soy This is per the Grove Square website. It is sweetened with aspartame. There appears to be two versions... one regular and one that is sugar free.
Yes work's Perfetly that is same machine as we have no troubles what so ever .
Hi..so sorry. We drank the ones that i bought. But.. I searched online for you. If you try that, there are various sites that have the nutritional info. I can tell you...we enjoyed the product!
No it doesn't. It is very tasty.
If there is a date on them, I can't find it. But I and one of friends love them so much I don't need a "best by" date - I buy the carton of 44 at a time and it is already half gone. One of the best k-cups I have tried. Good luck - I bet you will like it. Sorry I can't answer your question, but none of the stuff I have ordered was old - all tasted fresh.
I wondered about that too, it says 24 cups with the picture but below that in the description it says 12. When I bought mine they also had a sugar free one with 18 or 24 package.
10 calories
Yes leave the plastic on the pod. Drop the pod into the designated slot on your Dolce Gusto machine. You can hear the pin poking a hole into the pod when you close the latch. Follow the brewing instructions from the manufacturer. Do not put your fingers near the pin area, as the picture warns, this can cause an injury to your fingers. The manufacturer has a great website with brewing demonstrations.
40 calories, 2 grams of fat, 1.3 grams of saturated fat, 2.9 grams of carbs, 2.1 grams of protein, 0.8 g fiber, 2.9 grams of sugar
Absolutely! Dolce Gusto capsules are the ones designed for your Delongi machine. Enjoy !
No, they would be too big.
No, not compatible
Yes the necafe dolce gusto machine
Having trouble interpreting info because it's not in English.
No. You can try, but you will mostly get hot water without the coffee flavor.
Both corn syrup and high fructose corn syrup.
All Maraschino cherries have added sugar ! It what makes them what they are and what they are supposed to be - "sweetened cherries."
Plastic
Coconut cream is like the top half of a can of full-fat coconut milk. It's thicker and has less water. You can probably substitute it in some recipes, or in a pinch, you could thin it with a little water or coconut water as a substitute. Where it's really useful is recipes that call for just that top half of a can of coconut milk. You can also chill it and whip it for a great dairy-free whipped cream substitute.
This cream is extremely thick! It will NOT pour out of the box like you may be thinking. It has a great mild flavor though.
Yes, I froze it all the time, in small servings. It does mess with the consistency a bit; I was blending it in smoothies and it wasn't a problem.
Pure coconut, nothing else. And seriously THE best taste of any I've tried. But take note, this is the thick cream, very diff from milk. Worth it.
I have never used a whipped cream maker but it does make a great whipped cream and I just used a hand mixer.
Nothing added - 100% coconut cream
Definitely more of a liquid than a solid. You could easily pour it into your coffee for example. If it's been open too many days it thickens and starts to solidify.
Only a few days. I know some people that had good luck freezing it in Ice cube trays so it would last longer.
Today I went to put it in my coffee, and it looked like it has curcled, such as when regular cream goes bad. However, all it needed was to be shaken as it had separated. So be sure to always shake it up well.
I wouldn't use it in your cake. Coco Lopez has sugar in it and this doesn't. My guess is that is also has a ton of coconut flavor too. Sorry.
Yes! You're going to receive 3 bags of maoams :)
Not that I encountered from the packages I ordered. Mostly fruit flavors.
2-4 weeks.
Hello, we apologise for the price change. We try to maintain the same, if not steady price for our products. However, market prices are always fluctuating therefore we have to adjust our price accordingly on Amazon.
Hello, It would take 3-6 weeks.
Yes they are I purchased these for a wedding and they were a big hit with the seniors.
We used ours within a couple months of getting them and they were delicious. Came upon a couple we'd forgotten to eat months later and they were still good. But they're not marked with an expiration date that I can remember.
I was surprised. No ingredients or calorie listing was on the package.
Yes
Yes
I am sorry, but I don't know if they did or didn't. They were fresh, whole and everyone enjoyed them though
yes
Yes,on each raped cooky
Well. I'm allergic to peanuts and I did not have a reaction to it. So I would assume no? perhaps contacting the seller for more inquires.
vanilla
Not too strong. I actually use a full scoop in my 8 oz smoothies, and it's perfect.
yes, it tastes like strawberry flavored sugar. i use it with water, milk, seltzer, pancakes, cereal, chocolate, etc....
Hello Emanuel! If I'm understanding correctly, you what to know what country Virgin Extracts is from?? Is that right? If so, they are a USA based company. The products I've used are USA based. All the products I've tried are wonderful and i have been very pleased. Virgin Extracts is a health conscience family company offering no products from China. I hope my answer is helpful to you.
One reason dried, unsweetened fruit costs more is just that- no sugar. When sugar is added to the dried fruit they plump up and then there are fewer cherries per pound. Sugar is cheap, cherries aren't. No sugar means that you get smaller pieces and more pieces per pound, hence the higher cost then sweetened dried cherries.
According to the package a serving is 1/3 cup (44g) and 16g sugar in a serving
Our cherries are tested at the processing plant upon arrival, before drying, for any pesticide residue. We have never tested positive for any pesticide residues on our fruit.
You can refrigerate them. Because theyre dried, they dont readily spoil.
Sorry, I do not know the answer to this question and do not recall that the label indicated such. While I suspect it is highly unlikely that this product is processed in a facility that also processes wheat, gluten, dairy, or eggs, I suggest you contact this small company directly to to ensure that is the case.
I bought them a while ago, but when I bought them, they were pitted.
1 pound = 16 ozs
No idea about the sulfite content. But after trying local health food market, found their dried tart cherries more flavorful and fresher to make the increased price worth the switch.
I have purchased these Montmorency cherries, they are good quality but I'm not sure if other varieties are in the bag. Drop a note to the supplier.
There is some sunflower oil added to the dried cherries; but 0g saturated fat per serving, and 0g trans fat per serving. (1g total fat per serving) These cherries are delicious; great in fudge brownie mix!
No sugar added :)
No they don"t . But they are wonderful
No
The packaging doesn't say. Their phone is 1-888-BIGELOW if you want to call them.
It's more of a gold with a greenish tinge. I've had greenish green teas, too - but none that have tasted as good as Bigelow. I hope this helps.
It doesn't say on the box, but you can call 1-888-BIGELOW and they will tell you. I have called with other questions. I CAN tell you that the tea is very good.
The box says "Blended and Packaged in the U.S.A."
All Bigelow green tea is grown in China. For more information call their customer service at 1-888-Bigelow. They are quite helpful.
Hello Mr. Chen, I do believe they are from China, however; I haven't purchased them since July of last year, I was able to find a place here locally that I could just walk in and purchase, it is the Cash & Carry, has 50 sheets and it is from China, they are just wonderful, I hope you find what you are looking for.
Previous Shirakaku packages of this nori laver were a dark purple, very tender and easy to cut up as sushi rolls. This package of laver is completely green and very tough and hard to cut up as sushi rolls. Changed seaweed source or processing? IDK but I prefer the more tender laver as my rolls stay intact when cutting them.
I don't think so. It does smell like the sea, just like any other Nori product. I like this brand best of the three or four I have tried.
Because this is a third party seller NOT ASSOCIATE WITH The ladies you saw on Shark Tank. They are taking advantage of customers by overcharging for the preserves. If you want to buy the product, buy DIRECTLY from www.amangoparty.com, the ONLY official website to purchase the preserves from.
I did not receive a book of recipes with my order.
They are listed on their website www.amangoparty.com, under the tab "mangolicious."
1 oz of mango mango, 1 oz whipped cream cheese...It is a one to one ratio. Mix together until well blended..use hand mixer if necessary
Www.amangoparty.com
1 cup rice plus salt -1 and a half cups water, bring rice salt and water to boil, boil till almost half water is gone or about 5 minutes, pop cover on tight, turn down flame low low and cook for 10-15 minutes more till rice is sticking to bottom. Turn off heat leave cover on 10 minutes, rice is ready. Nice fluffy and dry.
Glycemic index is 55 for brown Laxmi Basmati rice. White basmati has a lower GI than regular white rice, though not as low as brown Basmati, but I'm not sure how much lower. You can probably look at a nutrition site and figure it out.
This rice is very similar to parboiled rice where water is discarded during the boiling process of rice. Brown rice isn't the same thing from them.
Less carbs/starch can tell the difference when I eat regular rice in my blood sugar
Indo-Pakistani grocery stores usually carry some type of parboiled Basmati tice, which is what has the low GI value, including this brand.
India
I'm so sorry, that rice was purchased in 2012 and is long gone, so I can't check the stats for you. Could you possibly go to the distributer's website and ask?
Using the bag, 1 gallon of gravy, using small batch 1 1/2 cup gravy with 1 cup cold water and pour into 3 cups of boiling water makes 1 quart.
Hi! Amazon just notified me about this! I went to grab a package of it, because that's a great question! Here are the ingredients: - Partially Hydrogenated Soybean and/or Cottonseed Oil - Food Starch Modified (vrg.org lists it as vegan) - Corn Syrup Solids - Bleached Wheat Flour - Salt - Whey The following are less than 2%: - Sugar - Sodium Caseinate (cow milk/cheese like) - Black Pepper - Mono & Diglycerides (palmatic acid and olecid acid aka fatty acid naturally occuring) - Buttermilk - Artificial flavor - Carrageenan (Red Seaweed) - Lactalbumin (Milk product) - Nonfat Milk - Annatto (Achoite Tree Seeds, used as a dye) May Contain: Egg, Soy. Contains Allergen: Wheat, Milk Some of these words are confusing so I added in ( ) what they are. So it depends if you're vegetarian or vegan. :).
I'm not sure offhand what the expiration date would be, but as it comes in a dry powder it lasts quite a while. I usually buy the 3.5 lb box for my dad for Christmas and it always lasts him until next Christmas.
I have buying this for a while and never had a problem. Sometimes I buy enough to last for a couple of years and I always taste and mixes the same.
They do not fit Virtuoline machines. They fit all other Nespresso Espresso machines; Pixie, CitiZ, ULine, etc..
I don't know as this purchase was a request for someone overseas. I do not have a Nespresso Machine. Too expensive for me. I'm sorry I am no help.
No
I'm not sure how many ounces each pod is.I do know, each pod makes a perfect size espresso. Which is approximately 3 oz?
It does not taste like butter, more like a butterscotch. I think it was a bit to sweet for me as it has artificial sweeteners. It is most like a cream soda flavor.
Stevia.
No. It's just soda, and really sweet soda at that.
The little paper cartons hold 4 bottles. So when I got a "12-pack", I ended up getting 3 of the 4 packs. The bottles come nicely packed and then you fold the paper cartons yourself. So I'm assuming you'd get 6 bottles and then maybe 1 or 2 of the cartons to make yourself. I hope that makes sense and answers your Q!
Great question! There is no expiration date listed. However, given the sugary nature of the drink, I wouldn't keep it for too long or I'd only keep it in a cold enviroment. Carbonation is a key element of this beauty and there are some known health risks with leaving sugary drinks out in the heat and then drinking them after long periods of time. Cheers!
This appears to have been corrected since your question was posted. Shipping is now listed as $14.49 for 2, $19.49 for 3, $24.49 for 4, etc.
Dextrose and Stevia Leaf Extract
Yes, Stevia dissolves easily in water but I would recommend some stirring.
It can be used in hot or cold beverages-it has the look and consistency of granulated sugar and has a clean sweet taste that I enjoy far more than other artificial sweeteners-I now carry it with me so I have it in restaurants that don't carry it. In my opinion it takes LESS stevia than other sweeteners-one packet seems to work where I used to use 2 or more and Stevia doesn't have ANY after taste. I have a Keurig machine and I use it in both Coffee and Tea-great product.
It says less then 1 gram of total carbohydrate 0%daily value it says stevia in the raw 100% natural zero calories sweetner
No it is not. I don't think any sea salt is iodized. I get around that by taking a kelp supplement every day to supply my iodine.
It's a glass container the portion is plastic. I have had several different bottles and the grinder has never failed me. Love the stuff on everything from meat to salads.
The grinder is refillable.
Yes they did have pits. I din't realize it until I received them
I don't believe these dates were organic. I do not know where these dates were grown although many of the dates grown in the US come from California.
There is no irradiation done to this product, to the best of my knowledge.
The bag doesn't list any preservatives. Just dates. Oh, and they do have pits, but delish :)
They are big and really good.
Dates - nothing more. That said, medjool dates are almost pure sugar. In a 24 gram date there are 16 grams of sugar. In fact, this type date is often used as a sugar substitute. And they taste great!
As far as I know, all food has sodium, especially veggies. Celery has a lot of sodium! Cook some Swiss chard and try eating it w/o anything added to it. Incredibly salty tasting, especially if you've been restricting your salt intake and are sensitive to the taste of salt!
You can rinse it or not. Serve cold or hot. I typically treat it like spaghetti and have it with red sauce.
I didn't find that it had much flavor. I tried it with red sauce and pesto. I was more put off by the texture-not the taste.
yes & no - on the back of the package says "Product of China" on the bottom, but it also says North America: lMade under the dire ion of & distributed by Explore Asia Inc. West Orange NJ.
I don't know for sure, but I think it probably has to do with the added water content of the pasta.
It is the dry weight. It cooks up to a larger portion than 2 oz. dry of wheat, rice, quinoa or corn pastas. I find 1-1/2 oz. per person cooks up to a satisfying size portion.
If it's 20 something dollars then yes, it's 6 packages.
I believe the are six 200g packages in each box. Enough to serve four people, I'd say. The pasta is pretty filling if you have a good sauce and vegetables with it.
I measured mine dry with a food scale and then cooked. You could use that and then take 1 cooked portion and translate it to cups or cooked weight if that's what you preferred.
The bar code seems to indicate China (650). The packaging says it's distributed by Opal International, Ltd. in Columbus, OH. Their e-mail is www.opal-export.com
I am going to assume that the listed shipping weight is simply incorrect because I did receive 4 16oz jars of very good tahini.
Excellent Tehina!!!
Here is my best guess..... This product is made in Israel - according to an article I read on line there are no laws in Israel, that govern the sale of food whose sell-by date has passed. According to the article that is going to change soon. See the article at this website for more info. http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/182032#.VNNIGkjBoYQ Also you could try contacting the import company here is the link for their contact info and ask. http://www.bhnsgroup.com/contact.html Headquarters phone Tel: (718) 858-8496; 65 Penn St. Brooklyn N.Y 11211 or the sales division at Tel: 610-473-7935; 1515 Golf Drive Gilbertsville PA 19525. There is printing on the cap that shows the lot number. Here is the info on one jar: Lot 14-273 13:18 maybe you can call and ask using that info to find out when it will expire. On a side note...you would notice if it has gone "bad" as with any nut/seed products the oils in it eventually become rancid - which gives off a distinct odor. I have purchased these and haven't had any problems - of course they don't last long enough in our household :) Good Luck
This is ground seasame seed. I do not believe it contains gluten. I did a search online and tahini comes up under gluten free foods.
Packaging does not specify.
1) Yes, it does ship frozen in a styrofoam cooler with dry ice to keep it frozen up to 5 days. It is in cryovac packaging to protect freshness, taste and tenderness. 2) It is not cooked or prepared. There are easy-to-follow preparation instructions available on the label / packaging, along with a link to online recipes.
I can't answer that , but I do remember its not worth it. Nothing to write home about.
Depends on the size of the people eating LOL!
No, it is boneless. Ours was not as pictured, it was from the opposite end, the 'strip' end; it was still good but not the 'choice' end.
Oh boy, I don't actually recall but, in our opinion, Grade A! It was the best!
Upper 2/3 Choice
Thank you for your inquiry! Yes, the quantity is 1 and it is a 5 lb. Roast.
Hi Amy! Thank you for your question. This is Qty. 1 Roast that is 5 lbs. and is certainly enough to serve 4-5 people. This is the perfect entre to serve that is sure to impress your guests!
No, it does not. But it is a simple process to bake it. You just have to put it in the oven as is, and roast to your desired temp. It is the best prime rib I have ever purchased.
The ingredient label states: Garlic, water, citric acid. Also 100% California garlic. Grown, harvested, processed and packed in California. and Refrigerate after opening.
I have had it in the refrigerator for about 10 months now. I use some and replace the lid. So far have used about 2/3 of the jar. It still tastes as good as the day I opened the jar. I bought the jar I have about a year ago and it has a use by date of May 2014. For me I should have the jar finished by then.
I called their office and was told these are from CA not China; for whatever that is worth.
I don't care!
No
Of course it is not a GMO product. This is harvested crystals from ancient salt beds in the Himalayas, not grown at or manufactured at all
Yes
All I can say is that it is advertised as "natural and pure."
Yes I found it very easy to refill
Yes, they need no refrigeration. The ones I bought last year have a 2017 best buy date.
Click on the photo link to the left of the picture of the product
This ham is softer. More like SPAM in the can.
Absolutely. The glass jar opening should be large enough for it to fit. I also use it for brine. Here is a helpful video. Watch "How To Make Himalayan Salt Brine - And Why?" on YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLfBp3t4XQM&feature=youtube_gdata_player
anywhere from 1/2 inch to 1 1/2 inch chunks
The Himalayan mountains span many countries, I not proof positive but I believe it was mined in Pakistan
Seeds stay fresh for 1-2 years and for up to five years in a dark dry place no warmer than 72 degrees. I store my seeds in canning jars with metal tops for best seal. You can store the seeds in mason jars inside the fridge or freezer for longer life span too.
I'm sure you can find some domestic, organic seeds somewhere if you're that concerned about it.
Split mung beans are just Mung beans with the hull removed. Soak overnight then separate the hulls from the beans.
Not sure about this company - I feel they are a shady and unethical business. Most mung bean sprouts are grown in China, but they go lengths to hide this. I will never buy from these people. I am also looking for Mung beans from Australia or any other country of origin, not much luck yet. If you know about Organic Mung beans not grown in China, please let me know. Thanks,
Description says "seeds tested for pathogens" but nothing about being tested for heavy metals. Google "NaturalNews China heavy metals".
Customer Service at Todd's Sprouting Seeds said "Our mung beans used to be from Oklahoma, but now we get our mung beans imported from China. Since mung beans originated in Asia, it makes more sense to get them from China." Customer Service number for Todd's Sprouting Seeds (888) 246-5233 My reply to that is to say that most foods raised in the USA originated on other continents: fruits and vegetables, beans and grains, livestock. It is unwise to import foods that we can raise here, and its especially bad to import it from China. A third of China's carbon emissions are from exports &lt;http://www.worldwatch.org/node/5846&gt; How much extra chemical pollution is dumped into the air, water and soil by Todd's getting these beans brought over from China, while we are growing the same beans here in the USA?
While sprouting, it is OK to see the beans turn red due to direct light.
No, it does not work with the Keurig Rivo
No!
I'm not sure. I have the basic model Keurig (the one without the resevour) & it works great with that
It's a standard K-cup size.........fits any machine that takes K-cups.
That's my question, too! If you find out, will you please e-mail me at kay725@gmail.com. Thank you.
5 carbs and 3 fats the rest protein.
Sucralose is a non-caloric sweetener that was discovered in 1976 and approved as a food ingredient by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 1998 following extensive safety testing. Over 80 countries have also approved sucralose, including Canada, Australia and Mexico. Sucralose is the sweetening ingredient in Splenda products. It has excellent stability in food manufacturing conditions, including cooking and baking and is found in over 4,000 products, including sodas, yogurts, baked goods, and cereals. Sucralose has no effect on blood glucose or insulin. It is safe for people with diabetes, who can replace sugar with sucralose in managing their carbohydrate intake. More than 110 scientific studies over a 20 year period of time have concluded that sucralose is a safe, no-calorie sweetener.
Yes, During the year I have been using Premier Protein Drinks I have lost over 65 pounds.
Ensure has more carbs than premier protein. If you're looking for something that is filling and also has vitamins in it for a reasonable price, this could be your answer. I usually choose which ever shake is not over 30-40 protein but one that also has supplements along with it. Right now I'm using AdvanEdge shakes. They are all pretty good tasting and 11oz is very tolerable. Good luck
Milk protein concentrate, calcium casenate & whey protein concentrate.
No
Yes, great tasting shake too and it is very thick too. Sometimes I put fruit in the vanilla one and blend it, or put diet soda in the chocolate one for a soda ... Love this product. Keeps you full, so supplement with one balanced meal per day and you'll lose weight.
I should be smooth.
Never and I have gone through cases of them.
I don't see any reason why not, but I can't comment on the taste since I've never tried it.
Yes you can... if you roast them in your oven for 15 minutes, then let them cool slightly, you can either 1) put them in a ziplock bag and shake them to remove the skins 2) use a clean dish towel and rub them. the skins fall right off when they are roasted. They also make a better tasting peanut butter. As a side note they become a very smooth peanut butter as the oils in the nuts have been activated already so it doesn't take as long for them to blend, about 1/2 the time.
Yes, they have skin.
yes. Fresh and delicious.
The conversion for blueberries (a very close botanical relative) is 1 to 8. So 64 ounces (4 lbs) of fresh berries, when dried, weigh 8 oz.
no they grow wild and are pesticide free.
I do have the nutritional info for the frozen berries we use to make the dried but not the dried themselves. ORAC value is 800/g. im not allowed to attach through this amazon question feed so you would have to contact us directly if you would like me to email you the info on the frozen. Northwest Wild Foods.
yes the berries grow wild in finland and we dry them here
Brenda, tried to send a photo of the nutrition label but this will not allow it...so..2 tablespoon serving has 10 calories, zero from fat...190mg sodium, 2g carbs, no sugar, fiber or protien. ingredients are Tomato puree, Cider Vinegar, White Vinegar, Modified Corn Starch, Garlic Powder, Salt, Lemon Juice from Concentrate, onion, ground cayenne pepper, natural caramel color, natural hickory smoke, Xanthan gum, ground cinnamon, spices and sucralose. Gluten Free hope this is helpful..Steve
1 gram per 2 tablespoons.
water, tomato paste, cider vinegar, lemon juice, cornstarch, garlic powder, salt, onion, spices, caramel coloring, smoke flavoring, xanthan gum, sucralose, no preservatives
115mg per 2 tablespoons
Not at all. Mine is growing healthy and still looks gorgeous. Its very important to keep it watered. Show it some attention and it'll stay healthy and be just like the picture. :)
Spray bottle works just fine.
My mom put it in her window and so far so good. I would check other companies that sell air plants to see what kind of care they need. I googled their care and read what it says at airplantcity.com, there is a lot there. Hope you had a Merry Christmas!
They remain small enough to fit in the container. I've had mine for over a year. They still fit in the same container.
yes. everything you see in photo is included
It only takes me less 3 minutes, I just need to put all the moss and rocks inside the glass and wet the moss lightly.
It's a twine approx 14 inches.
I have seen on Amazon where they sell just the plants, or just the bowls, so I say "Yes".
yes but it's prettier hanging near a window and if you use a air plant in it be sure you soak it once a week in water for 10 minute's, i grew mine in moss cause moss holds water longer and air plants like a moist base.
The Air Plant Food didn't come with the selection I chose. Mine included the river stones, moss, glass teardrop terrarium, rope (for hanging to display), and the air plant.
Filtered water, organic soymilk, organic evaporated cane syrup, tricalcium phosphate, sea salt, vitamin A palmitate, vitamin D2.
No
Yes, according to the Westsoy website.
Yes, the information is on the box. Per 1 cup serving: Calories 80; calories from fat 40; Total fat 4g; no cholesterol; 70mg sodium; 1 g sugar; 7 g protein; less than 300 mg cholesterol. Hope this helps.
Greetings; These are not oiled or sugared. They are dried and therefore not moist. I add them to breads, muffins etc. Since we eschew sugar, we don't mind but for most, they would not be acceptable unless eaten mixed with raisins so the raisins can add some sweetness. I also add them to some vegetable mixes which I steam. They will absorb some water and become a little moist and softer. Do hope I helped. All best.
Yes. It is pure and dried cranberries. Nothing added.
Ah, so they are not whole but in pieces? I use the whole ones wherein there are also some bits and pieces in all our breads, muffins and stuffings (now that Thanksgiving is upon us). I'm also using them in fruit cakes. Last year, I reconstituted them a little in water. Then when they had received good moisture, I dried them off and added them to syrup (which was just boiled sugar). They made a pretty and sweet topping to pumpkin pie and mashed sweet potatoes. I do hope this was some help and if not, don't hesitate to ask me. A pleasure to try to answer. All best and Happy Thanksgiving.
This listing is for a one pound box of unsweetened (no added sugar or sweetener) cranberries. The dried cranberries are completely natural with no artificial color or additives and are gluten free.
Here's the link to the vendor's Web site with nutritional information. It doesn't specifically state sulphur as an additive, but you might be able to contact them to make sure. http://www.shorelinefruit.com/cart/14/unsweetened-dried-fruit/dried-unsweetened-cranberries---1-lb Hope this helps!
Probably 10-20 percent sugar by mass and that's it. Internet seems to think it is 25% sugar... but it is so sour that it's hard to tell. In comparison, sweetened cranberries are ~70% sugar by mass.
No! I eat them right out of the bag. Mainly I cook them in my morning oatmeal. The red color in water after soaking the dried cranberries is from the reconstitution of the berries.
I do not know the answer to this. Though these issues are important to me now they were not when I ordered them. I believe the company could best answer this question. I actually still have some - have not reordered. Hope this helps a little.
Sorry I do not have this information. I repackaged them to freeze and to be honest I do not remember any on the package I received.
I no longer have my packaging, but it would b whatever fresh cranberries are because there is absolutely nothing added!
I DON T KNOW THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY GRANDSON
I received two packages
I'm sorry, I already are them, but I know that the item was fresh.
I picked this brand because it only has: water, hickory smoke, and mesquite smoke. That is it. No soy.
It is water infused with the flavor of smoke. There is nothing to go bad unless you contaminate it somehow. No refrigeration is required. The use by date on my bottle is June 2016 and I bought it in the summer of 2014.
Glass
HI! There are all kinds of options you can use for your preference. You can marinade before you bbq or sprinkle a few drops and rub it over the meat before cooking. Some like to add the flavoring after cooking. A couple drops do go a long ways and it can get a little bitter flavor if you use too many drops but it's how to your taste. I like to apply mine before bbq but it can be anytime. :)
This is a question best answered by the supplier. And being the customer, I don't have the certification to validate that this is gluten-free. However, I find it very hard to conceive of the possibility that there would be gluten of any kind in smoke flavored water. And I would bet my last penny that it is non-GMO.
No, it has water, hickory smoke, and mesquite smoke. No msg or artificial ingredients
No, it makes your meat "Smokey" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smoke_flavor#Wood_smoke
I just applied and let it sit overnight in the fridge in a ziplock bag
0 mg. There is no sodium in this product.
Not a powder! It is a thick liquid and must be refrigerated after opening.
no, one only.
Says Superior Quality Foods, Ontario, CA 91761 on the jar.
For what it is worth: I ordered this product and received 1 jar. The information provided did stated "pack of 6" as well as stating "Shipping Weight: 4 pounds", all of which lead to my anticipation of receiving 6 jars. So I ordered it. The end result of this to-good-to-be-true deal was the 1 jar I did receive. The product maker's web page offers this product for less than half and other internet sellers at 1/3 the price of what I paid for 1 jar. I my case, I am just one of the suckers born every minute. So, yes I agree that the ad should be corrected. I received a good product at a lesser quantity than expected and I did not pursue it further, but I was asked to "respond to question" (your comments).
I received one jar of the fish bouillon --NOT 6.
1 tsp. to 1 cup of water or 1 1/2 tbsp to 1 quart of water and it's an 8 oz. jar if you can do the math on that. It's quite a bit.
3.53 oz is 60 servings (2 servings per day, 1/2 teaspoon in 6-8 oz of water) this will last 30 days.
This is an old stock foto Amazon has in the catalog of this product.I have 12/2016 and I order new from the company weekly
October, 2016
I don't think so. But if you see under the product is shows what company sells it and it had Herbalife on it. My co worker sells it and she confirmed it was the real thing
Yes, the expiration date is 2016 and yes we can provide you with whatever quantity you need. Please note that if you order in larger quantities (more than 3 bottles at a time), you will be required to sign for the package (it will be sent by Signature Required). -- BodyRevivalStore
Exp.2-16
0/7 2015
That must be one Very old bottle. The one I just received is 11/2015.
The expiration date is printed on the bottom of the bottle. if you can not see it, than it may not got one printed on it. Hope this helps
Yes they last longer
2 PE HD
Just turn the top counter clock wise and then there is a "plug like" plastic insert that you just pull up. sealed nicely. and the olives are well worth the trouble, except watch out for small pieces of pit.
I wondered the same thing but wasn't really able to find a good answer. I bought mine 9 months ago and they've been keeping just fine in the fridge so far. I'm re-using a glass jar from the last time I bought them at the grocery store, so I fill it up every 2 or 3 weeks and don't have to open the big jug as often.
My container does not have an expiration date. I have had containers of these for over 6 months and they're still good.
Ingredients: Dextrose, Reba (Stevia Extract), Cellulose Powder, Natural flavors. This is from the box. Also says that sugars is &lt;1g, same with carbohydrates which is 0%. Sweetness is the equivaltned of 2 teaspoons of sugar, but is only 1 g.
Ingredients are: Dextrose, Reb A (Stevia Extract), Cellulose Powder, Natural flavors. It does say that it is suitable for individuals with diabetes.
The date on the box is 03/18/2017.
No calories, but has bitter after taste
By going to www.TrueSourceHoney.com and clicking on the starburst at the top of the page, consumers can enter the UPC code on the back of their packaged honey to see if it is True Source Certified as much is adulterated in some way and China has been involved in this. Millions of pounds of illegally sourced honey may continue to enter the United States, despite continuing federal crack-down efforts. True Source CertificationTM helps ensure honey's safety and quality because it traces the source of that honey from hive to table. About one-third of honey sold in North America today is now True Source Certified. Many large grocery retailers and club stores only use certified honey for store brands, including Costco (Kirkland Signature) and Target (Market Pantry and Simply Balanced). I was just thinking that the honey I most recently purchased seemed to have sold for too cheap so began investigating online today. I googled and got "make sure you don't buy illegal honey from china" There are many other articles out that may be of more use to the consumer.
I just checked my bottle and it doesn't say that it's pasteurized anywhere on the label.
But of course! Raw honey has a multitude of beneficial enzymes & antioxidants in it. Unprocessed honey tends to border on the cryustalised phase. Unfortunately raw honey is not recommended for infants' pacifiers as it contains botulin cultures. The fly in the ointment lies in processing even over a low heat double boiler the beneficial flora are destroyed. For the record; for a grown up there is no plausible reason to process honey. It is perfect just as nature made it! As to botulins...raw garlic so often used in cooking has a higher level w/v than honey. M. L.
Honey supposedly lasts years and years. Good honey that is labelled to come from US and Argentina.
US and Argentina
Not that I know of. When the study sent samples to the lab, all they revealed was there was NO TRACE OF POLLEN, was removed by ultrafiltration.
Presumably by saying 100 % Kirkland means that nothing hyas been added...
Water, Certified Organic Aloe Vera Inner Leaf Powder, Certified Organic Cane Sugar, Malic Acid, Natural Flavors, Certified Organic Stevia
Um I'm not sure. What color is this blob?
I wish I could answer your question I received the sample bottle months ago and don't remember the full ingredients and I have not got around to purchasing more, but i do remember it was very crisp and refreshing
No, these are flat like tea bags. There is an eco option where you can use your own coffee, but it's a bit messy.
Yes they are.
$17.28
I buy the dark roast and the decaf, and there are 18 pods in a bag. Think some of the flavored ones, or different blends(like Sumatra, etc.) may have 16 pods.
Yes. I have been able to use these and the Senseo brand in my nearly 2 year old Bunn.
I only know of Senseo. Hope that will help you.
We are using them with a Hamilton Beach coffee maker. .. as long as your machine uses pods they should work.
Do not know.
If you lay it flat, it has a diameter of 2 3/4" (69mm). However, the basket on my bunn single serve, measures 2 1/4" (57mm) diameter and these pods press right into the basket. Also, the basket on the bunn is around 1/2" (13mm) deep. They say specifically on the packaging, that they are single serve pods. I believe they are sold as 62 mm size, beyond that, I have no knowledge of your machine. I hope that helps.
I throw a pod in my oversized Raiders mug and stick it in the microwave for two minutes and it tastes great!
Unopened no, opened needs refrigeration.
The ingredients are beet root juice and natural lactic acid.
It is raw beet juice.
My bottle says "Product of Switzerland."
I assume the beets are grown in Switzerland, or nearby in Europe is the juice is labeled product of Switzerland.
It's a packet with the teavana symbol and 'flavored black tea weight to go' . The packet is a firmer version of a ziplock bag, a shiny reddish orange color.
It came in a re sealable bag :-)
From what I can tell, pu erh tea is a method of aging tea leaves. Mate is a specific style of tea that differs greatly. There is a website called theteaspot, which can describe it better than me.
coconut, sugar, sodium metabisulfite (preservative). 1.5 oz = 147 calories, 4 g fat, 30 g carb, 25 mg sodium, 14 g fiber, 18 g sugar, 1 g protein
The package states to refrigerate after opening. I refrigerate, so I don't know what happens to the coconut if you dont.
No, but I am not sure of the expiration date as I gave mine away soon after I purchased it since it had sugar in it. I found it delicious--just didn't like the migraines it was giving me!
the brown/orange color is from the outer shell of the coconut
Shopping on amazon is typically a luxury so your paying for the product, shipping and amazon commissions and fees.
I think it is because it is large chunks of coconut, essentially the entire coconut product minus the shell and liquid. It
Yes
From the label: Coconut, sugar, sodium metabisulfite (as a preservative) & dried.
I found the 5oz bag of this same brand at my local Target store.
Sugar is the second ingredient after coconut, so I am going to say it's not naturally present. :)
As it's a smaller family owned company I would assume they are the same - but you can always call them they are very friendly at Babys Only customer service.
I used both and didn't notice any difference, but I never tasted it.
That's a good one. I've ordered from natures one directly and from here and both had the same lables. Unless its the non dha one they sent or nature made a slight recent lable change and amazon has older ones, check the dates on the bottom of the can.
This is the recommended date for the product to be used by.
Ours is good til 2016 or late 2015 - I checked & it was definitely far in the future & will be consumed by then for sure.
I am kind of angry at Nature's One cause I don't feel they are really transparent. It's really hard to find the information about why Baby's Only make babies so constipated: the truth is, this formula is EXTREMELY casein-dominant, much more than any casein-dominant infant formula. This is the reason why they market it as toddler formula, and not just because the company wants to promote infant breastfeading like their consumer service told me when I asked them about infant suitability. Unlike whey, casein is really hard to digest and makes babies constipated. The proteins in Baby's Only are 18% whey and 82% casein, exactly like cow milk, therefore it is NOT suitable for infants (for the record, proteins in breast milk are 90% whey/10% casein in early lactation, 60/40 in mature milk and 50/50 in late lactation). I don't think it's fair that we have to do so much research to find out about it. I feel cheated.
I'm gonna assume that the milk is not from grass-fed cows. If it was, you'd think that they would tout that fact. The best choice would be to contact them directly.
It's very real. I found it at Whole Foods for $9.99
Hi there, I'd suggest reaching out to Baby's Only directly, as they'd likely be able to help provide more information! You can reach them at (888) 227-7122.
Probably about 8 cans a month. My daughter buys it by the case at Moms Organic Market and gets a little bit of a discount. It's a great product! Congrats!!
No. Im using Hipp now with probiotics. No more constipation for my baby !
Once opened it's good for a month. If unopened use by expiration date on bottom of can.
As other reviewers have noted (and it's my understanding too), Baby's Only calls this a "toddler formula" because they want to advocate for breastfeeding for the first year (which I find a little insulting since I planned and tried desperately to breastfeed but couldn't, but that's another story...). Since they call it "toddler formula" it must be fine for toddlers. If it weren't, they'd be guilty of false advertising.
It is hexane free. That is an organic compound.
my scoop says 8 cc which is 1.62307309 tsp
Hi all. Just found this comment string and we are the grower/producer of the product. Tons of places on Amazon where reviews, comments, questions are posted and we're just a small company with less than 4 employees -- took awhile to realize where these questions were posted. Our popcorn is not USDA certified organic. We use a special organic fertilizer that includes trace minerals -- we developed the fertilizer specifically for our heirloom variety which is completely different (and grows differently) than all other varieties of corn being grown today. We do not use any pesticides at all. The one aspect that currently prevents organic certification is the use of non-residual herbicide during the first 20% of the growing season. Our popcorn grows very very slowly and the weeds/grasses are a huge hurdle for us. The herbicide never enters the plant (not residual) and only targets the other grasses/weeds on contact. Nothing enters our popcorn plant and to be even more sure, it's only applied months before any ears (and kernels) think about developing. Some people tell us to "just do it organically" -- but unfortunately the yield of this popcorn (less than 2,000 lbs per acre) makes it impossible and unaffordable to do so. It would probably yield less than 1,000 lbs per acre if we didn't fight the weeds/grasses with herbicide. In comparison, most of the conventional popcorn varieties are growing between 5,000 and up to 10,000 lbs per acre. We're already on the edge of being able to produce the product remotely affordably. Our first goal is to preserve and expand this heirloom variety and down the road we will see if expanding into organic is possible. Hope you enjoy!!
I just started doing this and I love it. The key is not overloading the bag. I use about 2 tablespoons in a brown paper lunch bag. Microwave for 2-1/2 minutes. Melted butter or margarine and light salt, if you like. Enjoy
I don't know what a "whirlypop" is, but works fine in an electric popper.
I don't see why not, although never trying it. We found that this popcorn really didn't pop as well as we hoped it would. It was expensive. Found an organic popcorn on Amazon that we're anxious to try. Won't buy this one again.
It is yellow.
I would imagine so. It is every bit real popcorn, but just tiny kernels that don't get in your teeth. The popcorn is wonderfully delicious!
We have a popping tips/tricks and troubleshooting guide posted on the company website. Please come take a look if you have any questions about popping popcorn or if you are having any trouble getting a good batch. These tiny kernels are a bit less forgiving than the large, thick-hulled varieties -- but they pop just great!
I don't know for sure that the hulls disintegrate; but I have a blockage in my throat that prevents me from being able to chew and swallow quite a few foods; and for some reason, I do not choke at all or have difficulty swallowing this particular brand of popcorn. I did have problems with the hulls from other popcorn brands. This stuff melts in my mouth. I don't have braces; so I would not be able to speak to whether or not the little bits of hulls might stick or get caught.
20oz
Hi, I tried this popcorn. It's very tiny, so you need to pop it in a oil type popper with a lid, or pan. It's too tiny to work in an air popper.
Unfortunately, I think they use chocolate, mint, flour, water, eggs, butter, etc to make these cookies; no actual girl scouts are harmed or baked into the cookie during production.
Why are you even asking this question? If you don't buy these from an actual, real-life, in your presence, Girl Scout, you are not going to give anyone the benefit of purchasing these. They are usually from $4 to $5.50 per box, and you SHOULD be buying them from a girl. To buy them online is ridiculous; you are only going to help some money-grubbing adult who's looking to cheat people like you. Don't be taken in; if you want the real thing, at least call your local Girl Scout Council office and ask them about this.
2 boxes ; )
Ours (AllStuffConsidered) ship (into the mail stream) in about 36 hours from ordering time. That's because we freeze ours with cold packs in a cooler to keep them from melting, the freezing process takes about 20 hours. If the package is traveling cross country, we'll hold orders placed on Thurs/Fri until Monday morning so they don't spend a Sat/Sun sitting in a hot USPS warehouse.
One
That legal agreement applies to the GSA and their troops. Once the product is sold to another party, those legal agreements do not apply to end users or resellers. Yes, it is legal to resell Girl Scout cookies.
this is the info u need#1 there is 2 bakers of this product little brownie bakers an abc! little brownie bakerss are the originals with original recipe ingredients are slight different my cookies from lil b bakers say sep 1 2015 be advised girl scout cookies just starte putting expiration dates on cookies be very careful if ur cookies dont have a exp date !that means they been inthe warehouse since we were kids like kattydids! these are old school snacks lol we love! but the truth of the matter dont buy abc its not the same cookie there just trying to expand there fun raiser its a shame when a box of cookies cost more then a gallon of milk! have a bless day! ps amazon dont tell u who the baker is both boxs are similar but abc box picture is different!i only buy from lil brownie girl scout company!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for the 2014 season, expiration date is sept 2014. Hope that helps.
Yes, provided you're a vegetarian who eats pork.
I would think so, they are salt cured or salt packed. Ours made it the two or three days in the mail and was still cold they double pack them in some kind of insulating envelopes. Askthemeatman says that if they are not kept cold they do develop a odor but it goes away when washed with water or re chilled. Dang! now I want to go make some sausage. if it should not meat "haha get it?" meet your satisfaction he will give your money and shipping back it said 100% satisfaction guaranteed. You wont go wrong with his stuff.
Tell me the supermarket please. I will by a 1,000 at that price. My wholesale cost as a Meat Processor is almost $20.00 per Hank of DeWied Natural Hog Casings when I buy them by the bucket of 10. Maybe they were out of date, otherwise I would really like to inquire if I could buy a 1,000 of these at that price (as long as they are not 1 or 2 years old).
29-32mm
I was told a year, but I am not an expert
No, I'm sorry, but the largest size we sell is the one Hank. On average a 600 lb. sow on foot will dress 400 lbs. (depending on how fat the sow is and how much fat you leave on the meat when making the sausage). From the 400 lb. dressed sow the average would be 40% loss so you can estimate making 240 lbs. of sausage. So my estimate would be that you need 3 hanks (and you should have some of the casings left over). Just store the leftover casings in a brine solution in a zip loc style bag - then bag that into another zip loc style bag - and store in your refrigerator (do NOT freeze).
I usually vacuum&freeze them.
I assume dates do not matter because anything packed in salt can last "forever". The rest I do not know.
the size of the sausage stuffed is approximately the size of a quarter
Donna, unfortunately I cannot answer that for you but Ask The Meat Man where I purchased the casings from should be able to help you. The casings are some of the best I've used.
Hi Judy thats very strange but this is one out of the many seller on amazon that sell this item. honestly you would have to email that seller and not to this forum. to find the best deal you could email the sellers, for a discount or go through the sellers and see the price your comfortable with. I hope this helps, and if there is anything i can assist with let me know. Have a great one
They are sold by a reseller.
This is for one package. The three pack is $25 with Amazon Prime located here, http://www.amazon.com/Trader-Joes-Strawberries-Unsweetened-Unsulfured/dp/B00BIBO19G/ref=sr_1_9?s=grocery&rps=1&ie=UTF8&qid=1393726947&sr=1-9&keywords=freeze+dried+strawberries
No they aren't. Just corn meal, water, and salt. I usually keep out one pack to use immediately, refrigerate one to use within a week, and freeze the rest in double bags. I only wish they used yellow corn, or even better blue corn, instead of white. But for an all natural tortilla, these are one of the best.
Sure! They come in 8, 1 pound packages. Approx. 20 tortillas to a package. I purchased them not to long ago and they were delicious. You can freeze them also. That's what I was concerned about. I knew we wouldn't eat 8 packages of tortillas before they would go bad, so I just froze 7 packages & just kept 1 package in the fridge! Worked perfectly. When I was ready for more, I just pulled a package out of the freezer, let them thaw & we ate them!
The tortillas are certified as kosher, which bans the use of any GMO's in the product.
I live in New Jersey USA so I can only answer for my climate. The company says it lasts for a week but I have found they can last up to 4 weeks. Good luck! I think they are really great ! I eat them all the time!
My first choice would be to use them fresh , at eoom temp pr refrigerated,within a week of getting them. You got to make sure to warm them up slightly to make them soft and pliable before putting in your fillings. If you have to freeze them, they need time to defrost first before warming them. I did this once and they were ok, but My first choice would be to use as soon as possible and not freeze them.
Who knows. Probably the only way to find out would be to contact the manufacturer. But "artificial flavor" is a large net that encompasses lots of different things. http://science.howstuffworks.com/question391.htm
I would think so - you put it in with the oil and popcorn. Just adds salt / flavor to it.
There is 685mg of salt per 1/4 teaspoon in the Flavacol Seasoning Popcorn Salt.
Expiration Date is September of 2016.
Yes. I use it for many other foods as well. I really like the flavor on veggies.
I would say they are more mild in flavor than Slim Jims.
yes!
Depends on how long you are planning on keeping them. I've kept them unrefrigerated for a few weeks and they were fine.
2g carb, 0g sugars
I'm really not sure what is in the exact grouping for "spices" shown on the ingredients list. I recommend contacting the company directly to find out what spices are in their spice mix not listed on the package.
It does have a tender casing but I do not know if it is just the way it is cooked or if it is something added. The ingredients are: beef, water, Redmond seasoned salt(sea salt ,onion,coriander, spices,mustard, black pepper, paprika, herbs)lactic acid, celery juice. My husband and I really like these. they are somewhat expensive for the size but I still recommend them for the flavor and tenderness.
Amazon shows it
No, they have not been shelled.
They are in the shell.
Put his was a gift for my son. Great service. Will order again when a need arises.
Yes! They work well in just about anything you could think of!
Well not directly as in you put it right into the vape cartridge. You would mix it with vegetable glycerin and/or food-grade propylene glycol
I dint know what you are using these for, I use them for flavoring cakes, frosting, and candies. And I drop them directly from the dropper without dilution. Taste after every few drops for satisfactory flavor, But I do nit dilute the oil before adding it to anything. Hope this helps.
The are listed in the description and you send them to contact seller. I also send you a email after your purchase with the list and you can respond to that also.
The list is further down the page under "Product Description."
Yes, I have the orange oil flavor one and it always dissolves when I make my own jello
That is fine,,,did you place your order yet?
They use the same oils in their Lip Gloss Kit so yes, they can be used for lip gloss as well. I assume they are oil based. Have fun!
This was creamy:-)
I purchased this thru the company named "Electric Test" and fulfilled by Amazon. It was free shipping, but I paid $13.95. I see that you would pay a total of $10.80. If it actually gives you an extra jar, I would say get it. Mine was overpriced. Eileen
Yes. You have to refrigerate after opening.
Yes. Ingredients: sunflower seeds, evaporated cane syrup (milled cane sugar), salt.
Espresso
w never tried so we can suggest doing so , but if teh capsules are the same exact shape you may be willing to try
yes, these capsules can be used for CBTL Espresso mashine
Unfortunately, it is in a plastic bottle. Wish it were in a dark glass bottle.
on the front label it says 2L (2QT 3.6 fluid OZ). but the back sticker says 51 OZ...so ?! it's got to be 2 liters /51 oz.. it's a foot tall bottle. hope that helps :)
It's 2 quarts AND 3.6 ounces...Don't know why they haven't fixed the description yet. This is great olive oil, by the way.
I really don't know.
Italy
I'm sorry. I don't understand your question.
Vanillia one taste is ok. Sweet and vanilla like. My son likes it. He did not like tropical flavor and unflavored...both are bleeee ( you have to mix it with some juice or soup) .
They tend to be good for a few months after you buy them. Some times more.
I dont remember the exact date and i already dispose the cans, but i am pretty sure that had more than 6 months, at least
Yes the junior is for 1 year plus. I use it for my 16 month old.
September 2015 I don't know about free shipping upgrade
yes
Some times they expire in 2015 and some times in a few months after buying them. It varies each time.
I ordered 4 cans and some expire August 2014 and some December 2014. The serving is 1 scoop to 1 ounce of water. So my little guy can go threw a can in a week unless I thin it out with fruit and veggy shakes. He's 14 months so hes not solly on it. Just suplimenting cause he can't have so many kinds of important foods.
The price of the nutritional powder manufacturing date should be relatively close, I bought a lot of times in his home. If his house price is relatively low, and that the description is about to expire.
Mine all had plenty of time left
My guess is that because vitamin c is a water soluble vitamin, during the freeze dry process some of the vitamin c is so bound to the waste-water that it doesn't stay in the end product. You would have to send the waste-water out for analysis for a couple hundred dollars to find out if this is so and at what percent. You would also have to send a sample of the original batch of berries and have them analyzed for vitamin c content as well as the end freeze dried product for analysis. You're looking at about $600 in analysis to know if this is true or not. If they're claiming on their label a vitamin percent-they've already done a nutritional analysis and spent a good $400 to $1000 depending on which lab they sent it to-but this is required by FDA label laws.
I don't think I ever knew the amount of blueberries in a cup of the powder. I do feel it was close to pure blueberries, that is why we ordered the product. We found it did not mix well - seemed to be 'gritty' when mixed up - like the powder had crushed up the whole berry, skin and all, and that was why it didn't want to mix completely. We weren't happy with this aspect. We did think it supplied all that the whole blueberry would and much easier to keep on hand. We mixed the powder with store bought juice to give us more benefits of the whole berry that most juices don't give us. I doubt we will buy this product again. The cost was high, and the 'grit' was more than we liked. Pat W.
From their website: Q. Are your ingredients certified organic? A. Organic products form the core of our product lines. Our organic products are certified with USDA and QAI. Their website is www.FoodsSuper.com
More than you would think... I do not have an exact number. My experience has been the extracts are much stronger in flavor than I thought, and I decreased the amount used. Make a test batch of whatever you plan to make or bake, especially if you are giving the product to someone. Purchase the smallest bag and experiment. That is what I wish I had done... The bags I purchased will be enough to last a looooong time!
No. It is very acidic and has a taste that is not exactly what I would call good
you can drink from the bottle without getin=ng tea in your mouth. a sipper lid i usually think of on a baby bottle. so not really sure what you mean by a sipper lid
I don't mind using filter for my teas but I'm having hard time with the cap staying completely shut. Hot liquid seems to keep leaking out.
Plastic. All the metal pieces are covering plastic. I've since had more issues with gaskets and all the metal has fallen off the thermos.
It was sometime ago that I ordered this however it came with everything you need with exception of the tea. It may have come in a box. It has only three sections: the mesh filter, the cap and the actual body of the thermos type container. It is actually quite handsome too.
Actually, I haven't found it to make a significant difference. Of course, consider your current brewing preference. Compared to a French Press, the coffee is weaker. Another thing I found makes larger cups richer and more flavorful is to use EkoBrew refillable K-cups and my own ground coffee. It's much cheaper and you can adjust the results by the amount of coffee.
B60''''''
Because the design is so curved my measurements are rounded. 12" L x 11" W x 13" H, a bit heftier than I might have guessed, but not really a problem.
The cup sizes are 6 oz, 8 oz and 10 oz. Usually I got with the 10 oz and it brews a perfect cup with a little room for sugar and cream.
No, coffee taste does not seem to linger to other drinks.
It is the K-65 model. Hope this helps.
I'm not certain but I believe that the "Signature" version is no longer available. I think it was something they (Keurig) sold through Costco that was really just the "Special Edition" with some extra things thrown in. I checked multiple sites including Keurig's own site and could no longer find the Signature edition so I don't think you'll get an answer unless you directly e-mail Keurig (visit http://www.keurig.com) and ask.
No I did not get a travel mug with mine
Yes it does fine! Its just inconvenient to have to wash it every time you use it instead of throwing away the kcup and making your next cup.
You can set your temperature to what temp you want, see instructions. ... I like my coffee hot so I set my temp. to 192 degrees
I stopped ordering when they became $40 for 6- 2.5 oz. cans, so I don't have one to look at today. However, from what I remember it is not made in USA. I've searched everywhere and have yet to find one that is solely grown and packaged here. The product looked and tasted great, just cost way too much and only one seller offers it.
I don't think so. They are great snacks for packing though.
Once you open, eat within a few days or they lose the crisp texture. I'm not buying again bc we can't consume them fast enough. Don't recall about expiration dates though. Truly a natural food.
They have a terrible shelf life. Recommended to consume soon after opening to retain texture, and they are not kidding. Tried to open a few and slowly eat out of them over a few weeks for variety and they made a big lump in the can, like fused and smelling funny. So, bonus, they aren't lying about how natural this is!
Crisp but they are cut thick so not as crisp as apple chips.
Surprisingly, only a couple of month shelf life, in terms of recommended freshness. And once you open, they want you to consume within a few days as well.
US I believe, most of the fruits are US now that Fuji apple is grown in Washington State.
You can put the whole thing in
The cultures say store in the freezer and refrigerate the rennet.
I can't say for sure, but it wasn't a whole lot. You use a gallon of goat milk, and a small return.
Yes, and it surprisingly small.
The chevre' that I make takes about an hour to cook the milk and get it ready... Then 24 hrs to cure. Fairly easy and yummy! A gallon of milk renders about two pounds of soft cheese.
Yerba mate gourds hold from 7-10 oz fluids more or less since and vary in size. Please note that they are hand carved from a fruit no one is the same as the other one and we cant guarantee the amount of fluid that it will hold.
This one: http://www.amazon.com/Metal-Silver-Bombilla-Drinking-Filtered/dp/B004LSPFZW/ref=sr_1_1?s=home-garden&ie=UTF8&qid=1379696844&sr=1-1&keywords=straw+m02
The gourd height is 4" approx. The straw length is 5.5".
The bombilla m02. Please click on link to view a picture of it http://www.amazon.com/Metal-Silver-Bombilla-Drinking-Filtered/dp/B004LSPFZW/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=ARJVX78YP4AD2
They are NOT in the vintage box.I ordered them for a baby shower and when they were delivered they were in the regular boxes. I didn't have time to order new ones. I was really mad!! Don't order if you really want the vintage box....the expiration date was fine though, a few months out.
Yes they are all the old packaging.
yes
Paper prizes are all that come these days.
I was tempted to say no, but I'm glad I checked! My K-cups are 2" in diameter, meaning your "Pods" will fit. Enjoy!
Unfortunately, Jody's Girl, the Solofil cannot be mounted beneath an upper cabinet. I looked at that too. That said, it can be mounted to the SIDE of a cabinet, stood on the right, or left edge, or simply placed beneath your brewer. So, you do have options. I've had mine for two years and love it! Mike
15.6x14x3
The Keurig 2.0 K-cups fit perfectly. The K-Carafe cups will NOT fit. I have 2 of these. I stacked them back to back behind my Keurig 2.0, placing a spacer under the rear one. This creates a stair-step effect that looks wonderful. I have 84 cups at my fingertips that always look neat. It's perfect for us.
Definitely.
I don't really know if the vue pods are the same size
There are screw ports cut into the base. You can put your Keurig coffee maker on top of the Solofil, mount it horizontally, or vertically to a wall, or cabinet side/base. We merely stand it on its side against the brewer as we have a very tight space.
This is a spring-loaded mechanism but fear not. We keep ours on its left side and against a wall and it works great. Occasionally a K-cup will "jump ship" if the one before it isn't pulled out correctly, but nobody's been hurt yet by the flying projectile - they don't have much "carry"!
Don't know the exact ingredients. Should be printed on the side on the label. It IS a diary product but Core Power seems to have refined it to the point of eliminating the more harmful dairy ingredients - and given the extract a great taste (no 'chalkiness' typically associated with protein drinks.)
Gluten free no soy appears on label. Hope this helps.
No.
Generally speaking the shelf life on protein drinks is 1 year. Of course the closer they get to that year the less potent they are which is why most stores start putting them on sale 2-3 months prior to that.
Does not say exactly but seems that it does not. Milk comes from Fair Oaks Farms so I guess you could look them up
Sugar is sugar...I don't believe there is a "type" - for a diabetic, this is hell...Core Power's target market is kids in active sports - it is a great recovery drink. And, if you are 16 - after a rigorous hour of soccer, the sugar is metabolized within minutes.
28g carbs 26g sugar
Absolutely. All flavors are.
240. The chocolate are really good but the other flavors are chalky and taste terrible.
You can find them at BJs for $20 a case
You do not need a soda stream, soda water will work, that is how they make italian sodas is with just soda water and the syrup and this cola syrup is the best on the market as far as being like regular cola, don't want to mention brand names here but you know what I'm talking about. I hope this helps you.
Pure cane sugar, water, natural flavors, kola nut extract, citric acid, tartaric acid, caramel color. No other sweetener except cane sugar. It's delicious.
Hi Jim, According to their website: Do the Syrup Products need to be refrigerated at all or after opening? "MONIN syrup does not need refrigeration. It has to be kept recapped in a clean dry and cool place (&lt;25). Please refer to the back label of the product for any particular condition to respect." I just keep it in the panty and pull it out whenever I want to add some flavor to my coffee or need some upset stomach remedy; the stuff really works great for that!
Ingredients: pure cane sugar, water, natural flavors, kola nut extract, citric acid, tartaric acid, malic acid and caramel color. I am trying to avoid phosphoric acid, so I prefer this to the soda stream zero cola.
I don't have a clue. If I had a bottle right now, I'd check...(if that info is listed) but I'm guessing the caffeine level is comparable to other cola drinks. Regardless, you do have control of how much syrup you use because you determine your own syrup-to-soda-water ratio. Less syrup, less caffeine. If you don't get a satisfactory answer to your question, I suggest you contact a Monin rep through the website.
Depends on what you consider a serving and what you are mixing.
I don't know, contact the manufacturer
Yes,cola has caffeine. Yum! Great stuff!
Joe B. There is 67.628 oz in 2L One liter contains 33.814 fluid ounces, so two liters would equal 67.628 fluid ounces. 67.628 divided by 8 equals 8.45 8-oz portions, or almost 8 1/2 cups. Per 2L So, using a 16oz. glass with ice the recommended amount of syrup is 2 oz. Carrying that out it comes to 2.5 oz x 8.45 portions in 2 L which= 21.125oz per 2L btl. of sparkling water. In a 750ml btl. of cola syrup which is 25.4 fl. oz that would come out to 2.6 cups of syrup to 2l btl of sparkling water, or just over 2 cups of syrup. Hope this helps, sorry it was this complicated. Of course if it is too strong or too weak, you can just add more syrup to the glass or more sparkling water, but that's a good starting point --Good Luck, Carl
They still sell the original cola formula made with only cane sugar and also now have one or two additional flavors with just cane sugar at Kohl's department store "maybe online". I saved the cap from my soda stream and used it the same way as the soda stream syrup. I was buying the soda syrup from Williams Sonoma as well the cola is ok, but the rootbeer tastes weird. I hate the fact that everybody thinks they have to put sugar substitutes into our food and beverages. Have you ever just carbonated water...it's actually pretty good. I really don't even drink soda, unsweet tea fan! I bought this for my husband to use & he has adjusted to less syrup to cut down on sugar period. It's an experiment but this Monin was a great brand to try.
No - they are in a larger plastic bag. There are versions that are packed individually in plastic.
No, it came in a baggy with a twisty tie to keeping it closed. They are not as sweet as I remembered as a kid.
I dont know if theyre kosher or not. Theyre made by Necco so you might want to call tham.
No once you peel them off it's pop them in your mouth and they're done, no re sticking. You could make edible cement to restick them though. There are a few different types just google edible cement
There are no nuts or peanuts in them but I'm not sure if the factory where they are made is a nut-free environment.
There were A LOT of candy buttons... Somewhere around 40-50 strips
All I can say is a lot. Used them for birthday party and there were many left over.
Mayby 200, gives the coffee a great flavor.
It is one box of sugar cubes. But my last order was for 2 boxes, which came packaged together.
Its 1 lb, 10.5oz. AKA 26.5oz.
When I ordered, only 1 box of 750g was in the shipment. The price is right for 1 box.
There is a comma there indicating there is more than 1lb. Its a 1lb, 10.5 oz box. AKA 26.5oz or 750 grams.
The ingredients include regular cane sugar & caremalized cane sugar. You will not taste a caramel flavor but to me, it is sweeter than regular sugar.
No, as far as i have seen. We have family and friends with the other machines, and only CBTL fits CBTL machines.
I doubt if there is an expiration date. They usually suggest it is "best served" by about two (2) years after receipt. The tightly sealed capsule and the nature of the contents should give it a very long life, much longer than two years.
I disagree with first two answers. Just had a CBTL Continental Espresso that i made in my Verismo Machine-worked fine and tasted great. The SB K-Fee pods are same size and form as the CBTL Caffitaly pods. They are made differently inside, the CBTL pods have plastic filters top and bottom, and the SB pods only have paper filter on the bottom. Maybe the different filters, or the way the coffee is packed, would make a difference in the way the water/steam goes through the pod. I haven't seen a noticeable difference yet--just got my verismo machine before Christmas--working on my first box of CBTL pods. Here is a link with more info and a good place to ask more questions. http://www.singleservecoffeeforums.com/new-verismo-single-serve-machine-from-starbucks-t9286-105.html
I use it on everything. Anywhere you would spray Pam or I guess Bakers Joy (never used it) you can and should use this. It is fabulous.. I spray it on the grill before putting burgers or steaks on and it works great.
I have a can here, it is not listed in the ingredients. I know that Trader Joe's coconut oil spray does have soy oil in it! Which is why I sent away for this!
Yes, I believe this product to be soy free. I have used it for a couple of months and I'm very pleased. According to the package the only ingredients are Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil and Propellant (non-chlorofluorocarbon). I was excited to see that Trader Joe's had a coconut oil spray but very disappointed to see that it did have soy!
I am on my second can, and have had no problems. I do notice that the opening of the nozzle is covered by dried coconut oil, but all I do is scrape it off and it works just fine.
A Vegan abstains from the use of animal products. This coconut oil is defined as being 100% coconut product. Coconut is a plant. Seems simple. I would think the advertiser in this case thinks vegetarian and vegan are the same thing. Just a guess.
I use coconut oil spray (different brand) on air popped corn... SOOOOOO YUMMY!!!!
This was for regular coffee cup not travel mug
No you can get light roasted packs/bold packs. Depends where you get them also. I hope this helped you. I usually get the light roasted when I can. the others are a little strong. I have added more water when it's too strong.
K-cups and vue-cups are made for different Keurig machines. The coffee is the same, but the more advanced Vue machine gives you additional options such as making a stronger cup. The pods are not interchangeable between machines.
No, the Vue cups are a different design.
Not sure but I can tell you it is pure pinapple and it gives cake and home made icecream a wonderful flavor also there are ingredients that are used for several different things so if I spend my time worried about what is used where I won't get to enjoy life
No, there is not.
I agree that it does have Propylene Glycol in its ingredients because it is listed right on the bottle. I looked it up online and it is referred to by one source as a mild carcinogen which was news to me since I am a cancer survivor. I intend to do more research on this. S. Phipps
The ingredients listed are pineapple flavor, water, propylene glycol, alcohol. I have been happy with it making a vegan pineapple ice cream.
Can't help about Wide-awake cups. They hold the regular K-cup by friction of just pushing them in the holes tight. Works good for us in our camper.
I believe so. However, I found that since I installed them, they have come loose. I don't recommend them for that reason.
Any keurig cup type will work. The foam is stretchy and will grab the cup
I am not familiar with that style of cup. The pads are 1" thick, and when the k-cup is inserted there is about 3/4" of the cup is sticking out. They fit very tight. We have them on the inside door of a cabinet. I would say they should work fine.
No Vue cups will not fit.
When we were installing them, we had to move one - wasn't quite right. Stuck on pretty good but came off and we moved it to a different spot and it has stayed put so far. No damage. I'm happy and don't plan moving them. I don't think they would take many moves though and not sure what the cabinet will look like when/if I have to move them.
You get 1 six pack, that's all. If you can go to the store, it's a lot cheaper. I was very disappointed.
not much just 100% juice
all six were gone shortly after their arrival so I have no bottles to check. But I don't think there's anything in it but juice.
130 calories
If you include a note at checkout or message the seller immediately after, they're able to accommodate color requests very easily!
Absolutely, you can include a note at checkout or message the seller thereafter with any special requests regarding colors or flower varieties.
Dear Jeff, This particular arrangement is delivered from our local florist. Thank you
Amazon actually cancelled the order because the home it was to be delivered to was "too out of town". ten miles. Hummmm
The package did not say that anything was added to preserve them. I could not taste any preservatives. I use them as a tea.
Actually they are medium sized mushroom caps. The 2-3cm is the average circumference of the cap.
The packaging is as you see it. The mushroom house website says they import from china, japan and korea, but isn't specific about what comes from where. Regardless of where they come from, these are quality.
The one i got was shiitake
There is no country of origin on the package. So I assume Yes.
Yes they are imported from china and are distributed thru their sorting house in new york
I won't pretend to know the answer to this question as I am not an expert on mushrooms. I will say that having purchased dried shiitake mushrooms from Costco before, these have the same taste and consistency and are an overall good deal.
On the package it states only Mushroom House Dried Shiitake 3-5 cm 1 lb Item # 19-606201 Bar Code 7 54351 19093 3. I do not know the origin. They are probably from China. I prefer the ones from Japan though. Some after hydration look deformed and I just put them in the disposal. The others I cut the stems off and slice thinly and put in whatever I am cooking. They are very good.
Don't know orgin.need to wash thoroughly.tough bland....add to miso soup.goes a long way
read the bottom line in the description : First US company bringing Asian shiitake mushroom into the US from China, Japan and Korea and now we import mushrooms from Asia and east Europe . looks like they come from mant different countries .
Good question! I order them once a month. So from my experience they last at least a month in a ziploc bag. But unopened I think for much longer as they are dried.
Yes, you can use these for hot and sour soup if you can't get fresh ones but you also need shitakes. The soup takes both. These take a very long time to rehydrate and not all of them will be soft -- some will come out very leather-tough so reconstitute enough to allow for those that you have to discard. Also remember that these are huge when reconstituted.
You can soak the mushrooms in warm water for about half an hour before cooking. They will still be very chewy though. Best in soups in my opinion.
wood ear. white bottom
Yes
After soaking in warm water, they can be added to various dishes such as hot and sour soup or vegetable lo mein. They add interest to the textures of the dishes and are also a very healthful addition to your diet.
I have a bag here, and I thought for sure I could answer your question, but I can't find a "made in" anywhere.
Hello Linda - In answer to your question - The serving size is 500mg, the physical size is 3/4 of an inch.
I think it is just a typo. As far as I know, this is just me, there is just Turmeric.
Only says that is distributed by Nature Made based in California
Yes, but curcumin has poor bioavailability. It is best taken with piperine (black pepper) to enhance absorption.
It doesNOT mention gluten. Here are the ingredients: water, soybean oil, distilled vinegar, high fructose corn syrup, salt, egg, romano cheese(milk, salt, cultures, enzymes), dehydrated garlic, sugar, spices, xantham gum, dextrose, calcium disodium edta to protect flavor, annatto color & natural flavors.....0grams trans fat 1.5 saturated fat, total 8g fat, 5mg cholesterol, 520mg sodium. Hoping this helps.
Yes. Ingredients: water, soybean, distilled vinegar, high fructose corn syrup, salt, egg, Romano cheese, dehydrated garlic, sugar, spices, xanthan gum, dextrose, calcium do sodium EDTA (added to protect flavor), annatto color, natural flavors. No artificial flavors & 0 grams trans fat.
The bottles I got expire Aug 2013.
I can send you the 4 ingredients with your purchase. It costs and extra $10 for the 8 herb formula if you want it. You can send me the $10 after you get the product in the mail or you can call me and I can put it on a credit card or bill you through paypal. several ways. I just need to know you want it before I send out your regular order of the basic formula. Thanks. Eric 801-368-3757
Yes it is. When we received and purchased it they said it was Cassi CanadianTea. Roger D.
Direction state on the package - 2 gallons water filter, well water is good but if you live in the city filtered of bottled water, Our water is great here in Alaska, and 8 oz. of mixed herbs. However, my wife and I have been making it for a few years with 1 gal. of water and 4 oz of herbs. Filtered water and bottle it immediately while still hot to kill any bacteria. I hope this helps. I am by know means an expert but my wife and I have been taking it for a while and it works. We also take Chaga mushroom ground up in powder for from Sebria,its the best and it does wonders as an anti-intoxicant.cleans you right up, everywhere. We even got our son to drink it and he is in Medical School to be a Doctor, he likes it . Again, I hope it helps. Then we strain them into dark colored bottles immediately. God Bless
Mike, the list of ingredients doesn't specify and it's hard to say by looking as the ingredient has been ground.
Somewhat earthy taste and slightly gelatinous. Not bad tasting.
The pkg. does not state if it's organic. The company that manufactures the product is, Healthy Herbal Nutrients and their phone number is: (866) 224-1910 I would hope they could answer your question. ;)
I'm sorry but I do not know where to buy the 8-herb. Sometimes our tea is purely organic. We get it that way when we can but we cannot guarantee that 100% of the time. Sometimes the place we get the ingredients will send non organic when they have too. So the long answer to your question is that it may m ot be 100% organic. However they are always fresh ingredients.
1) I do not believe that this particular brand of Essiac Tea is organically produced. Nearly all producers of organic herbs will tell you that info upfront, because it is a selling feature. 2) In present times, the plant's leaves are the parts used for both medicinal and culinary purposes, though the plant's roots have been historically used as an astringent and coagulant. That being said,the entire plant, including roots, is used as the main ingredient in essiac tea. That is why you don't see the words root or arial parts used after the phrase "Sheep sorrel" Hope this helps.
The tea is supposed to contain sheep sorrel root as I believe that is one of the original ingredients of essiac tea. I do not know the exact percentage of the sheep sorrel root, you may want to contact the manufacturer for this type of information as they probably have it.
thy never mention it has Sorrel roots
As long as they last! If you clean it properly and take care of it? It should last you for years!
Hi Joel, It really is a matter of trail and error, and taste. I find that the darker roast coffee's tend to give a better output. I use a fine/coarse grind. They work pretty well!
I think so, C50 takes the same cartridges as the Inissia
I found that it worked very inconsistently. I have tempered, ground, in every conceivable way and yet I cannot get a consistent shot. Sometimes that water is too little other times nearly any water comes out and than there are times when it comes out perfect, unfortunately this seems to be the least of the outcomes. I have thrown them away and started to buy my capsules from HiLine. I love my Inissia and wish there was a way to have a refill situation. I really like being able to refill and use my own coffee. Good luck to you.
I bought them for my Nespresso but they didnt work!!
They are the same size as any Nespresso capsule.
welcom jake Yes I was safe but must be linked because the size is too small thank you
Yes
Yes
No
No, it's not gluten free. However, this wheat is not your normal, hybridized wheat consisting of 42 chromosomes per grain. It is reminiscent of the ancient wheat of biblical times, 16 chromosomes per grain. I don't think it's exactly the same as wheat from 2000 years ago because everything living mutates according to nature, but this flour is supposedly ground from wheat that is very close to the ancient wheat. I've baked with it, and it's consistency is wonderful, and reminds me of the wheat I had when grandma used to bake. My husband and I are both wheat sensitive, he more than I, and he can tolerate it quite well. We even use the Einkorn wheat pasta, and we have no problem with digestion. However, if you are a celiac sufferer, I would avoid it just to be sure. I would recommend reading "Wheat Belly" by Dr. William Davis. Just a note.
Yes
I store it in the fridge. Seems to last ok. I've never had it in there for more than probably a month.
The package doesn't say kosher anywhere. It just claims to be the most ancient form of wheat available. There was a scan square on it that would allow you to read more about it. Maybe you could look up their company online? The web address is www.jovialfoods.com This is really the best flour I've ever tasted!
yes.....equal amounts work fine. The only difference is the flour is a little coarser in texture. Depending on what your baking, might want to shift it first. I do not. Love this product though for my allergies ( to wheat).
What does "organic" mean to you?
If you go to the Jovial website and look at where they get their flour and the conditions under which it is grown, I would doubt that glyphosate is involved. I haven't asked the specific question, though.
Expiration is on top fold of pkg. Mine says 11/2016. Must be fairly fresh.
Hi Nikki, Jovial Foods.com has recipes that my husband has made with great success. Click on the "Recipes" link at the top of their homepage. Just know that since Einkorn flour is an ancient grain, the bread comes out a little more dense. It will not create a package white bread texture that most are used to. However, being gluten sensitive myself, it is still such a welcome change when compared to that of the standard gluten free breads like Rudi's and Udi's. I also use it in regular recipes like brownies and pancakes, as a thickener for gravy, and to make roux. It is very versatile.
I have had some of it for over a year and it is still fine.
Have to honestly say if that is true I never noticed. I did complain however that even though they were in date they were hard.
My order had 2 strawberry boxes when I ordered last year.
The date on the case is Apr 2014.
There were not many lemons. As I remember there were like 8 lemons. VERY expensive! I swore I would never buy them again.
My order was about 3 pounds.
Hi, I'm not sure but it wasn't a lot...maybe 2 pounds. But they were yummy!
It was around 6-8 lemons I think.
Serving Size: 1 Tbsp (15g) Nutrition facts: 90 calories, 50 calories from fat, 6g fat, 1.5g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 0mg cholesterol, 0mg sodium, 8g total carbs, 0g fiber, 5g sugar, &lt;1g sugar INGREDIENTS: 57% SPECULOOS (WHEAT FLOUR, CANDY SUGAR, MARGARINE [PALM OIL, CANOLA OIL, COCONUT OIL, RAPESEED OIL, WATER, SALT, EMULSIFIER {VEGETABLE MONO-AND DIGLYCERIDES FROM FATTY ACIDS}, CITRIC ACID, ALCTIC ACID, COLOR ADDED {BETA CAROTENE}, BUTTERFLAVOR (NON-DAIRY)], SUGAR, SOY FLOUR, SUGAR SYRUP, RAISING AGENT {SODIUM HYDROGEN CARBONATE}, CINNAMON, NUTMEG), PALM OIL, CANOLA OIL, SUGAR, EMULSIFIER: RAPESEED LECITHIN.
Cookie butter is paste made from cookies. I suppose it also has some fat added to make it smooth. It has the texture of a thick peanut butter. The cookies (Speculoos) are sort of gingerery. You can cook with it (I found recipes using it on the internet) or, if you can't help yourself, eat it right out of the jar. I suppose you could spread it on slices of pound cake or use it on ice cream. I love it, but it is loaded with calories, sugar and fat. However, it is really delicious, if you like gingery cookies ground into a paste!
It's the texture of peanut butter, but it tastes almost like gingerbread. If you've ever had Biscoff cookies, it's very similar to that.
Serving Size: 1 Tbsp (15g) Nutrition facts: 90 calories, 50 calories from fat, 6g fat, 1.5g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 0mg cholesterol, 0mg sodium, 8g total carbs, 0g fiber, 5g sugar, &lt;1g protien
That's probably just the picture. Mine was good for year or so. But it was so darn good, it's all gone.
I do believe it is
I no longer have the jar of Cookie Butter, but I Googled "Cookie Butter ingredients" and came up with this: 57% speculoos (wheat flour, candy sugar, margarine [palm oil, canola oil, coconut oil, rapeseed oil, water, salt, emulsifier {vegetable mono-and diglycerides from fatty acids}, citric acid, lactic acid, color added {beta carotene}, butter flavor (non dairy)], sugar, soy flour, sugar syrup, raising agent {sodium hydrogen carbonate}, cinnamon, nutmeg), palm oil, canola oil, sugar, emulsifier: rapeseed lecithin.
As a spread for toast, English muffins, or pancakes. We dip pretzels, vanilla wafers, but I've found a large spoon and a comfy spot in front of the tv also works great!
14.1 oz each
Yes, the label says"Contains wheat, soy and coconut. May contain traces of tree nuts, milk & eggs". Label does not mention peanuts.
Serving size of 2tbs: Calories 180 Fat: 15 grams Carb: 9 grams Protein: 6 grams
not sweet enough
The one i purchased on March 7 says best by 2/10/16 but it is almost gone at my house. This is my second jar
Yes and it's the second ingredient.
I ordered mine in March & the expiration date was 11/13.... So I'd say a few months but not years.... I don't mind, hoping that means less preservatives :)
180
I agree, it's still sugar so you shouldn't eat a lot of it. But they do say that it has Iron, Zinc, Calcium and Potassium, along with some short chain fatty acids, polyphenols and antioxidants that may also provide some health benefits. It also contains Inulin, which may slow glucose absorption. It has a lower glycemic index than regular table sugar too. But again, it is sugar. So use in moderation. I wouldn't use this as a source to add iron, zink, or any of the other minerals to your diet. You can those in much healthier ways.
No, it does not. Coconut oil's health benefits come from the types of fats that it has in it. This is purely sugar, no fat content.
No it does not have a coconut taste at all, does have brown sugar smell thought
Yes. Totally Coconut Palm Sugar. Nothing else. I love it!
Yes it does!
Have you ever ate Sugar in the Raw ? Thats what it taste like. It taste as good as any sugar Iv ever had .
This product is listed as Vegan.
You'll find this with many products. In many instances, the cheapest option is the lower quantity. Just buy whichever is the best deal including shipping costs.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay Rainforest Blend 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
The San Francisco organic biodegratable etc. is PRIME. I just looked at it on amazon. Why is everyone saying shipping is not free. Indeed it is.
I've not had that problem. Does or would checking the seals help?
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. We consider our San Francisco Bay Rainforest Blend a medium roast.If you have any more questions and/or concerns about our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com or our customer service line at 916-258-8000. Thank you and have a great day.
Good Afternoon Paula, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. Our San Francisco Bay Rainforest Blend is not available in Decaf. If you have any more questions and/or concerns about our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com or our customer service line at 916-258-8000. Thank you and have a great day.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. Our One Cup products are made of the following The lid The OneCup lid is made from renewable plant based film derived from renewable resources such as pulp, paper and wood. The ring The OneCup ring is not made from petroleum, like other brands. We choose to use a renewable plant based material. These sources of the material can include vegetable oil, various plant starches, and by-products from trees. The filter Currently the OneCup mesh filter is made from food-grade polyester that provides maximum flavor extraction during the brewing process. We are working on a biodegradable alternative to the current filter for the near future. The inner bag The inner bag containing the OneCup pods is made from wood pulp, typically sourced from hard wood species such as eucalyptus. The wood pulp is sourced from suppliers who only operate sustainable forestry management principles. The outer box The retail box is made from 100% recycled paperboard with a minimum 35% post-consumer content and printed with inks made from renewable resources. Those are the facts, the choice is now yours. Head over to our online Market and browse our selection. Your are sure to find a flavor to match your taste.
Page describing what the pods are made from. http://www.sanfranciscobaycoffee.com/index.php/bio-degradable-onecup-launches/
This coffee is a medium roast blend that my wife favors, while I enjoy the dark roast. We have subscribed to both for over a year now and do enjoy them.
Good evening! My name is Emily Rogers, I am an employee at Rogers Family Company, the manufacturer of this and all San Francisco Bay products. Our Rainforest Blend is our organic coffee, which we did decide to represent with a green label. It is the only San Francisco Bay brand product that is organic that we manufacture. If you are looking for strictly organic products we also make coffee under the label Organic Coffee Company, which offers a variety of different organic coffees. If you have any further questions about our products, please feel free to email me directly at, erogers@rogersfamilyco.com. Thank you, have a nice night!
I am not familiar with the holiday blend. This coffee is a medium blend, not too bold and good flavor. It's a plus that it is organic as regular coffee is treated heavily with pesticides.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay French Roast 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay French Roast 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
I am not sure, but don't think so. Look here at their website, and what they say about single servings: http://www.gourmet-coffee.com/pages.php?pageid=57 YOu can write and ask them. I really like their coffee, and it is MUCH more reasonably priced! Hope this helps.
As far as "wake up" power, they seem to be on the same level, however, for our taste the Fogchaser had a slight bitter aftertaste as if it were roasted a little longer or higher temp. - if you prefer coffee strong with a "bite" then Fogchaser, if you like coffee strong with a "smooth" then French Roast, hope this helped.
It is made from a food-grade polyester.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay French Roast 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay French Roast 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Thank you for visiting facemedplus at amazon marketplace. The answer is that each box contain 80 individual servings , each 8 serving are packed in sealed bag and there is total 10 Bags. 10x8. I hope this answers your question. Thank you Nadia Jensen Facemedplus 714-206-1976
I've only had the Fog Chaser and French Roast. I'm no connoisseur, but the Fog Chaser is more original and has a nice flavor. Not too bold and smooth (not bitter or too acidic). If you like other French Roast blends, you'd like theirs as well.
Good Afternoon Kathleen, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. This is our San Francisco French Roast, However our French Roast is not certified organic. The only Organic product in our San Francisco Bay 80ct products is our Organic Rainforest Blend. Should you have any more questions and or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question, so that I can better assist you. Thank you and have great day!
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Afternoon, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. Our strongest Single Serve products are French Roast, Espresso Roast and Fog Chaser. But if you are looking for a dark bold strong coffee, I would recommend our French Roast. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question, so that I can better assist you. Thank you and have a great day!
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Afternoon, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your question, we are not compatible with the Keurig 2.0 at this time but we hope to have a solution to the "lockout" in the very near future so you will be able to enjoy our products. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question, so that I can better assist you. Thank you and have a great day!
I have gone through hundreds and this has never happened. Have you tried cleaning the unit? Maybe the piece that punctures is no longer as sharp and clogged, which will put undue pressure upon opening.
Been using for several years, works great.
if the Hamilton Beach takes k-cups, it should work OK.
Arabica beans. Real solid value. I love this stuff.
Good question, and actually, it's $100 for 160, not 180, which is even worse. I can only guess at the answer. When I went to the SF Bay website, the largest count they offer directly is 80, at $34.95 (more than on Amazon). So maybe there is some middle-man for the 160 size and they repackage and bump the price up? It is weird. The one advantage I can see by going directly to the SF Bay website is that they offer a larger selection of coffees and more choices of count. For example, if you've never tried their Onecups and just want to try them without buying 36 or more, you can order a 3-cup sample size of either the French Roast or Fog Lifter for $1.98, shipped UPS ground with no shipping charge. When your order is shipped, you also get a 10% off coupon (sent by email) for your next order direct from them. I recommend that for first-timers who want to sample the coffee and see how well the cups work in their brewer. If you're happy, you can come to Amazon and get a better deal on the 80 count.
Good Afternoon Donna, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee for Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. I do apologize for any inconvenience it may have caused you. I'm not sure why you received your package this way as this is not a common thing to happen with our packages. I would like to offer you a free box of our San Francisco Bay Breakfast blend, please email me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com
As far as I know, there is no pure monk fruit sweetener. all contain dextrose, erythritol, molasses. Whether, they are Nectresse or any other product. The same applies for any form of Stiva (like Truvia, Pure Via, Stiva in the raw. As far as I know Nectresse is going off the market. You would have to contact the people who make Splenda. They make Nectresse. We love Nectrese. The following is a personal comment: Dr. Oz is not a very good source of proper information. Most times he has no idea what he is talking about.
The actual sweetener is monk fruit extract, which is supposed to be "Generally Recognized as Safe" but for some weird reason is not (not yet, anyway) widely used. Tastes spectacular, though. I'm diabetic and use it a lot, and I have no reservations at all about using it.
According to the box, there are 2g total carbs - less than 1g from sugars, 2g from erythritol per packet.
Don't know, but the box claims one package is equal to 2 teaspoons. I only purchased one box and will not buy more because I don't care for the taste.
Don't know. Only tried it once and did not like the taste.
I use 3 teaspoons in my coffee. You might use that as a guideline to answer that question.
Hello, While we don't know if a particular ingredient was sourced from another country, if a product is actually manufactured (mixed, blended or encapsulated) outside of the US, the country of origin is declared on the packaging for the product. Products that are repacked in the US, such as spices and nuts, also declare the country of origin. It is actually a common practice among the industry that the country of origin isn't listed for two main reasons. Many herbs can grow in multiple countries so most companies do not limit their product to only one country so their supplies are not limited by natural disaster or some other issue. Along the same lines, the FDA has an odd regulation that requires that if a product is only sourced from one country, it must be listed on the label, but if it is sourced from multiple countries, we cannot list them on the label. So that is an example of the FDA puts all supplement companies (not only our company) between a rock and a hard place that we can only list the country if we limit our supplies.
Not sure where is was made. It came in a generic foil pouch, not the jar pictured.
There is a scooper in it that helps you measure, you can use one scoop...but I usually use half of a scoop. Matcha is strong and I believe it contains caffeine as well. I actually use it to make a "Starbucks" matcha frappe: Blend 1 or 1/2 scoops of matcha, 4 ice cubes, about 1/2 cup soymilk or milk, a pack of stevia sweetener to taste (optional), and a tbsp of vanilla coffee creamer.... I don't know if that's what Starbucks uses or not but it's awesome. I just blend it up until it's nice and smooth and it's so good.
There is only one ingredient listed: Certified organic matcha green tea powder. Not sweet at all when you make tea out of it.
OK...I loved these, because they are extremely stiff; which means they keep their "star" shape, even though pressed together in a sack. The stiffness affects flavor a lot; they don't easily melt in the mouth. I would guess they have twice the usual gelatine content. Also, these are more for decorating than eating, imho...the flavors are not terribly pronounced, except for the orangey one, which tastes like candied grapefruit peel or really good European candied citron with a lot of the peel. My 16 year old daughter loves them; but that may have something to do with the usual lack of any candy in the house. Hope this helps.
It filled up a large candy dish if that helps :)
They're larger than I thought they'd be. They're a tiny bit larger than a quarter coin.
The nori are not flexible when dry, ensure the sheet is moist first. I wet my hand and then gently apply to the nori, too much and it will become mushy. Just enough to get it darker in colour.
Big sheets for sushi
The sheets are 8 inches by 7 inches. You should use a 9 1/2" x 9 1/2" Round Bamboo Sushi Rolling Mat.
No, just keep them sealed in a bag and dry.
No oil. No salt. 100% seaweed.
Yes. I would of course break/cut it up into pieces for soup.
I don't know about the 0 calories, but there is definitely only 50 sheets per pack.
Hi - Truthfully, I have never ordered sushi at a restaurant. I don't find these toasted nori sheets chewy but I have nothing to compare them with. When I make sushi I roll the sheets with the rice on the outside and the seaweed around the filling - usually small shrimp, daikon or cucumber and avocado. Hope this helps.
There is no soy or sesame. It is just roasted seaweed on ingredient list.
China - from the side of the package - "Product of China"
It is not quite as smooth as peanut butter and much sweeter since it's made from ginger snap cookies. It would be fun to try the recipe and see if it works, but I would guess the recipe would need to be tweaked a little to compensate for the difference. Good luck!
Well, it tastes a lot like hazelnut. If you have eaten speculoos cookies it has a flavour of that in it. Buy one jar if you have not tried it before. The flavour will make your taste buds scream!! Trust me... Judy
I am sure they have an expiry date on them. You would suspect they would give you a year. Try to contact them.
INGREDIENTS: 5% speculoos(wheat flour, candy sugar, margarine[palm oil, canola oil, coconut oil, rapeseed oil, water, salt, emulsifier{vegetable mono-and diglcerides from fatty acids} citric acid, lactic acid, color added {beta carotene}, butterflavor (non dairy), sugar, soy flour, sugar syrup, raising agent {sodium hydrogen carbonate}, cinnamon, nutmag), palm oil, canola oil, sugar, emulsifier: rapeseed lecithin. NUTRITION FACTS: serving size 1 tbsp (15g) servings about 27 calories 90 fat cal. 50 Total fat 6g Say fat 1.5g Trams fat 0g Cholest. 0mg Sodium 0mg Total carb. 8g Fiber 0g Sugars 5g Protein &lt;1g Vitamin a 0% Vitamin c 0% Calcium 0% Iron 0%
if you have Amazon Prime you get free shipping on some items
Yes they are. Delicious!
Yes they are!
Top to bottom = 1.25 inches. With the wrapper = 2.75 inches.
I would guess 300, Maybe more. The bags last a long time.
Although it says "Virgin" on its label - there's really not a difference in the two. The big difference is refined vs unrefined. I've had both and absolutely prefer the unrefined oil. Here's an excerpt from: http://www.livestrong.com/article/266229-what-is-the-difference-between-virgin-extra-virgin-coconut-oil: "Unlike olive oil - whose `extra virgin' label denotes a better quality product and commands a higher price - no such distinction exists in the coconut oil industry. The addition of an "extra virgin" label to coconut oil remains a marketing gimmick, rather than an indication of the oil quality." I hope this helps.
Hair, it puts the lotion on the skin, cooking, athletes feet, breakouts - general acne treatments, helps to lubricate squeaks, suntan oil, cologne or perfume depending on your sex, deodorant, smells up your locker, good for labor, helps you make love like a gorilla. Overall...it goes on everyday after a shower and it makes me happy.
The coconuts r grown in the Philippines and processed then packed in the US California area. At least that is what it says on the jar. Hope this helps. ^_^
Yes
Yes. It states the basic process on the website how their organic virgin coconut oil is made. "To make our Organic Virgin Coconut Oil our supplier starts with freshly harvested coconuts that are de-husked and grated. Then, when the meat of the coconut is still fresh, it's cold pressed and filtered to remove any remaining pieces of the fruit. That's the process. Nothing more. Some coconut oil is extracted using high heat, chemicals and even bleach. Not ours. Producing the oil in this more pure, natural way, we are able to retain the nutrients, flavor characteristics and aromas of fresh coconuts." Retrieved from: http://www.traderjoes.com/fearless-flyer/article.asp?article_id=554 Hope that helps. :)
No
yes. i love this stuff. i use it for almost everything and it smells so good!!
Yes, I use this oil for everything. Face, hair body even used it in my ear to stop ear ache & it worked
You cook with it as you would any oil. The only difference is that, it's in a solo state until it has liquified. I have replaced this and Olive oil for Vegetable oil. You can even use coconut oil as a substitute for butter.
I am not sure what that means, but it is purely organic. It is solid and melts as you use it. I hope this helps, not sure about raw.
We purchased 4 of these kits (different seed varieties) even after following all directions given none of the seeds germinated.
??? I don't understand the question.
I can't answer that because it never germinated for me. I am under the impression it is an indoor plant.
Mine came with a cellophane bag...
no, not hot at all. very flavorful.
This curry powder is mild although Lalahs do have a hot also. Enjoy !!! Try the hot it is devine if you like a little heat.
Yes, the ingredients list is as follows: Coriander, Chillies, Black pepper, Cumin, Mustard, Fenugreek, Garlic, Turmeric, Salt & Bengal gram farina. Bengal Gram Farina is essentially chickpea flour.
Yes
Curry is a generic term. Madras curry is simply a style of curry. (Think car/Chevy). Madras curry has a rich but mild taste.
The manufactured date for the batch is 09/2012 and the best used by date is 08/14.
Yes it does.
Like all spices flavor fades with time. That being said, I purchased this in November of 2012, it has a manufacture date of May 2012, and a best before date of April 2014.
I wouldn't say "easily"--they work ok and work better with weight from cups-- so probably good idea to keep it filled but you also have to make sure none of them are stiitng crooked... they don't pull out as easily as the metal drawer Kcup holder we used at first and switched from... the plastic drawers are just not going to work as true as something heavier but for us the vertical construction was a better fit than the horizontal drawer...
12" H x 3" W x 12" Depth
It's 12 inches and a half tall as the crow flys same size as coffee maker that's with the drawers closed we really like it made good and that's saying something lol in 2015
No. Only k cups.
Well, I can tell you it holds the Green Mountain K cups I buy at the grocery store. I am not familiar with the 2.04 k cups size, sorry. The openings are 1 and 3/4 inches across - 12 to each drawer of the unit. Hope that helps!
It sits individually. It stays in the same order. I don't use it anymore because the bottom section drags on the counter top.
It's a really easy switch. You have to first remove the bottom one. Once the shelf is removed you have to switch where the handle is mounted. Do the same for the top one. Be careful on the top shelf however because it is a little more tricky. I don't want you to strong arm the plastic piece and make a $20 mistake. Best to consult the manual on how to best make that switch. Regardless it is still a very very easy fix!! Hope this helps.
The base that it sits on is 4 in wide and 10.5 in long. The whole thing measures 12 3/4 in wide, excluding the pulls and 14 in including the pulls and measures 12.5 in high. I absolutely LOVE mine. The drawers are reversible too so it can open (dispense) from either left or right. I get a lot of compliments on it's sleek look! Hope this helps!
Probably not as it is pretty thin plastic. Depends somewhat on which Keurig you have but I would say NO.
They are all the same size.
yes
Some but not all of their products.go to website nongmoproject.org for the listing. Hope that helps
All I can tell you is that my fingers were so stickey I had to wash my have immediately after eating them. Sweeter than most candy.
Plastic
No
Only 1 bottle. The shipping weight must be a mistake -- unless you ordered a case my mistake
Bottles of what?
It needs to be just shy of boiling. I pour at about 208, given that it will cool slightly while it is pouring. Anything higher than that brings out unpleasant bitter. Hope you enjoy this excellent infusion.
1 tsp per 8 oz boiling water. Steep 3-5 minutes. I think it tastes much better if I don't let it get too strong. It doesn't hurt to wet the leaves and let them absorb a bit of water while you're boiling the water for brewing. Brew to your personal preference, though.
Yes. I have made it in my iced tea maker. Wonderful
Mine does, good stuff.
The package does not indicate whether it is fair traded.
Cedarberg mountains of South Africa
This is green rooibos tea which is a process of a being the unoxidized 'green' rooibos derived from the red rooibos tea which is a reddish/brown when brewed. Hope that helps.
Sugar. (Ingredients: sugar, citric acid, blend of instant black teas, natural flavors, lemon juice solids -- in that order) It's delicious!
An 8 oz serving is 90 calories according to the container.
It is not labeled as gluten free but after reading the ingredients ...it looks ok. Listed are: Sugar, Citric acid, blend of instant black teas, natural flavors, lemon juice solids. They have a phone number you can call 1-800-832-3775 if you think that "natural flavors" could have a gluten product in it.
90 calories per 8 ounce serving
I Pay an out of work squirrel minimum wage.
Sorry. My previous answer was wrong. This one is Kola Acuminata
Best to store in sealed, air tight container and kept in a dark cool place. I use a Kerr jar and I keep it in my bottom cupboard.
Approximately 15. But be careful the life of the batch often does not last, although my most recent batch was fairly new.
Mostly 3. Some 2.
Not sure I understand the question, but if you are wanting to know how long you can store it for (unopened), I would guess that you would probably want to consume it within a few months to no more than a year, just like regular soda. These are small bottles, in comparison to the giant soft drinks that we are served nowadays, so you might want to order extras, just in case. These were a hit as favors at my wedding. Enjoy! :)
Yes
Yes, it comes in an outer case but has separate six packs just like the ones in the store.
9 inches
Did not get diet, but reg coke tasted correct, did not check for expire date.
These are pop off using an opener.
no, when I recieved them they were christmas bottles and I returned them... but it was around the holidays so maybe it was a fluke! They are not the mexican ones though... good luck
Mike, I have a vintage machine also which was made to fit 6 oz bottles. While 6 oz bottles would fit 2 per slot, these will fit 1 per slot. They will come out of the dispenser.
Yep.
This fits the new square Torani 64 oz bottle very nicely.
You can take the long spout part off and wash, then get a glass of hot soapy water and stick pump in it and pump though it. Then pump clean water through. Rinse thoroughly. You can also rinse water through the top part and you can see all the sauce draining out. It is very easy and able to last longer when washed after every empty bottle.
36 1/2 inches high from ground to handle tops and 28 inches high from top of canvas bag to ground. The bag is approximately 22 1/2 in deep and 18 in wide at the top. The bag narrows at the bottom to about 17 inches front to rear and 15 inches side to side.
They are good wheels, suitable for the purpose. I too walk several miles/wk, and find them good. They are not skateboard quality,( which are my preference), but for a buggy with 100 lbs or less, on cement sidewalks they seem tbe durable. If you are on gravel or uneven dirt roads, it may not be enough. But the buggy is great, in general and much better and more useful than the cheaper wire baskets I have used. Ive had mine, used regularly for several months, and I find little to complain about. ( b/c the wheels swivel easily, and the sidewalks in my neighborhood, tilt for runoff, they tend to follow the tilt. Only complaint I have.
the wheels are 4.5 inches in diameter and i LOVE this cart - but i usually end up CARRYING it up stairs... i think the wheels are just too small to 'roll it' up stairs...
Specifications say 150 lbs. I believe it. We have put a loaded ice chest, 2 cases of water, 2 laptop cases, and assorted other things in ours and have had no problems. The basket is a sturdy canvas, it is waterproof, heavily stitched. Wheels are strong and double wheels all around. Love it!
Yes
The cart is light weight, folds easily and fits beautifully in my trunk longway against the back of the back seats and I love it. It holds about 4 bags of groceries and rolls so easily. I have had others ask me where I got it. It's fantastic. I am guessing it's no more than 3-5 lbs if that....
I'm also 5'6" and the cart is OK. However, its on a heavy side. Makes sense for heavy loads, but for l;ite shopping I don't use it any more. m.
The cart is very light, but durable (I can lift it easily with one finger). I purchased one for my mother to use as a laundry cart, and I now own two. I keep one in each car and use it to haul groceries into my apartment. My oldest cart is 3 years old and it is still in great shape. A++ on this product.
no assembly at all...the only thing I had to do was "lock" the legs open after you unfold it.
With difficulty. Would have to use your body and feet Would be heavy to lift in and out of car as well.
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay Fog Chaser 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Morning William, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay Fog Chaser 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
The 80 count is nicely packaged in a "Rogers Family" branded box which tells where the coffee is grown and some history of the brand. There are 10 compostable bags of 8 pods. There is also a plastic cup with an air tight lid to store a package of pods so you don't have use the bag after opening it.
This pod operates just like any k-cup, it IS a k-cup. The only thing that may affect YOU is that you need to keep them in a sealed container, ziplock bag or a can, otherwise it is the same as let the lid open on a can of grounded coffee.
I am not familiar with the k75 model. however, if your machine takes the regular K cups, I would think that they should work just fine. This coffee is strong enough to make a large mug of coffee. I use the same pod twice. The first brew on the biggest setting, then again on the smallest setting, just enough to fill the mug with out diluting the coffee too much. A little extra bang for my buck!
Hello, my name is Emily. Keurig has implemented a new lockout technology that allows only "authorized K-cups" to work in their new Keurig 2.0 brewers. As a solution we have developed what we call a "Freedom Clip". To order one for your Keurig 2.0 brewer, complete the form and a Freedom Clip will be shipped to you along with a small box of our coffee. Here is the link: https://www.gourmet-coffee.com/Keurig-DRM-Freedom-Clip.html
Good evening! My name is Emily Rogers, I am an employee at Rogers Family Company, the manufacturer of this and all San Francisco Bay products. As I mentioned below we are currently in the development process of the "fix", or solution to the "lock out" issue. Please email me directly with your personal contact information if you would like to be notified when we do fix the problem, or with other questions about our products and compatibility at erogers@rogersfamilyco.com. Thank you, have a nice night!
Hello, Our OneCup Pods are over 97% biodegradable. By simply throwing them away the will completely degrade in the landfill within a year, with the exception of the mesh filter. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at: service@rogersfamilyco.com We hope you enjoy!
Good Morning, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry, the current issue is caused because this product that is sold by and shipped by Amazon is out of stock. Our San Francisco Bay Fog Chaser 80ct is not being offered for Prime shipping by Amazon at the moment because Amazon is out of stock on this product and the system defaults to a third party seller and higher price. Therefore while Amazon is out of stock, the only way to buy this product on Amazon is through a third party reseller and this why Amazon customers come across the issue of higher prices. For future reference when buying our products through Amazon, be careful that it is not through a third party seller. You can look for the tag that says "sold and shipped by Amazon". A third party seller will have a different sold by name and the price will probably be higher. I would advise that you check back on Amazon in a day or two to see if this product is back in stock. If you have any issues or questions on the price that is being sold on Amazon by these third party resellers, please contact Amazon customer service. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question so that I can further better assist you. Thank You and have a great day.
Good Afternoon Mitch, My name is Mayra Flore, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your inquiry regarding pricing for Our San Francisco Bay products, and in particular these 108 count box for $99.95, they are being sold by a third party reseller. People can buy items and resell them on Amazon at any price they wish. We have no control over this but if you click on the item and it states "sold by Amazon" than that means you are buying directly from Amazon and the price will be less expensive than if you were purchasing from a third party seller through amazon. If you have any more questions and/or concerns about our products you can reach me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com. Thank you and have a great day!
yes
Not sure. They only list the ingredients as milk chocolate. You can try to email the company and see. Sorry that I couldn't answer your question.
I purchased 2 dozen for my churches recognition to mothers on Mother's Day
Don't know but I recommend it highly, it's the best they have.
You can enjoy it for a few month in the freezer. I usually open the can and distribute the caviar between several small conteiners, leave one in the refrigerator ( can last up to two weeks) and store the rest in the freezer.
wild
No discounts.
I received 12 K Cups. They were delicious.
No. It's a keurig cup.
PUMPKIN SPICE GROVE SQUARE CAPPUCCINO INGREDIENTS: Ingredient Statement: Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), Sugar, Corn Syrup Solids, Instant Coffee, Sodium Caseinate, Salt, Natural Flavors, Cocoa (processed with alkali), Dipotassium Phosphate, Mono- and Diglycerides, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color, Sucralose. Contains: Milk and Soy Claims: Each serving contains 20 - 30 mg caffeine
These are standard k- cups so if you can use those, then sure.
You could probably use it instead of milk/cream. I have used it as a coffee creamer and it was good. Make the coffee and use it after it is made to make your latte using the steamer on your expresso machine.
It does on the side of my box that they come in........total fat 4.5 g.........total sugars 5g..........total calories 80.
Yes, sugar and corn syrup solids are listed in the ingredients (5grams per serving). I can not answer the freshness question, as there is no expiration date on the K-cup. That being said, it tasted fine; it's just not to my liking.
I believe is around 10-12 grams of sugar but it can be a little less. Good taste and flavor. You will enjoy it
From the Grove Square website: http://www.grovesquarecoffees.com/pumpkin-spice-grove-square-cappuccino.php Ingredient Statement: Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil (may contain coconut, soybean, sunflower, palm and/or canola), Sugar, Corn Syrup Solids, Instant Coffee, Sodium Caseinate, Salt, Natural Flavors, Cocoa (processed with alkali), Dipotassium Phosphate, Mono- and Diglycerides, Silicon Dioxide, Soy Lecithin, Artificial Color, Sucralose. Contains: Milk and Soy Claims: Each serving contains 20 - 30 mg caffeine.
Not sure Karen since I don't have any of these left. I do know that they are very sweet, too sweet to be exact. I ended up giving most of them away. I hope this helped.
When the rice is done, it stops cooking and goes into a low warm mode. I am not sure how it determines when to go into warm mode. It might have some kind of detector for moisture levels. My wife has left rice sitting in the low warm mode for five or six hours without a problem. There is no complete shutoff until you unplug it.
Smallish peas would fall through. I use cut up old white tee shirts in the kitchen as rags and such and I lay one across the bottom of the steamer tray to keep the peas, herbs and such from falling through.
I have cooked one 8oz cup of rice by its self no problem.
Yes, it does cook brown rice well. I followed the instructions on the bag of rice, and I think I added a little more water. It came out fine. However, white rice comes out better on top of the stove. I ususally bring 2 cups of water to a boil with salt, then add 1 cup of rice. I cook it on medium low for 14 minutes, then shut off the heat and leave it covered for about 10 minutes. It comes out so fluffy, it falls off your fork. In the rice cooker, I always get a gray gelatinous layer at the bottom of the pot, and it's kind of sticky.
The diameter is 9'' and dept is 2.7''
I am not sure if your asking for the voltage "current" but if you are it is the normal 115-120 volt that is typical for all American households.
Yes, it's pretty big.
like any stainless steel pan it should not hurt it but i don't do dishwashers, i like to do it by hand
All I can say is, it is very nice. Heavy, not thin, with a hard shine finish. I put a little olive oil in first and have not had any problem with rice sticking.
Not sure I know what a safety plunger is. There is a stainless center piece above a spring in the center under the stainless cooking bowl. Perhaps that is it.
Well the model I have is B30. It works great with mine. When you look at the one you are asking about and the one I have, they look the same but I am unsure if the filter would work for the one you have. I am sorry that I could not be more helpful.
If your coffee maker takes regular k cups this will work.
Yes. It works great.
No, this would not work with your Keurig B130. I bought it for a similar Keurig and found it lacking both in style and flexibility as well as the product line was flimsier than I thought it would be when I purchased it. Your best bet would be to go directly to the Green Mountain Coffee Roaster website and purchase a filter from them as they have the contract for all Keurig brewers.
It works perfect. We also use a filter with it.
YES it will. The Mr. Coffee model uses the K Cup. The CAFEJO is a reusable device. I use it - it is sturdy and is great for repeated use.
yes, that's what I have and it works beautifully. Just make sure the lid is shut tight and don't overfill it.
I don't have a Vue 500, but if it uses standard Keurig cups to make its coffee, I feel sure it will fit since it has the same dimensions as a K cup.
I have two Keurigs. It works with one just fine but not the other. I don't know why. They don't cost that much. Try it out. They are not that expensive, and well worth it if it's successful.
sorry that i could not tell you , for which i don't know if it does or not
No, they do not. The Cafejo uses its own ground coffee adaptor and it is rather cheep flimsy built. With it the coffee comes out watery with all the holes in its sides. However take an used K-cup and cut off a small part of the top and put over it. When you do this the water will be forced threw the small hole in the bottom. As would if you are using a regular K- cup. K-cups seem larger size but when you cut one open you will see the filter and empty space. Your adaptor will use about the same amount of coffee. Regardless of the dent you see in its bottom to avoid hitting the lower pin.
Yes it is. I bought this for my camper and we do not have a microwave in it. You just have to remember to measure the water with the blue part so you don't end up pouring to much in and having boiling hot water over flow out the spout.
Yes, it fits just fine and works great. I use it when I run out of K-cups and am too lazy to go to the grocery store.
Have not used it yet; althogh the one I sent to my brother; the whole family likes. They intend to use it while camping and maybe on their boat. It does look like it is made of "space age" plastic; so it should hold up very well for both activities. My original reason for its purchase was as a backup for use when I do not have any electricity for my Keurig Brewer.
i havent purchased the Areo Press but they seem like they would have similar quality. although, the cafejo product has the ability to brew from k-cups, coffee pods or tea bags, and the loose material coffee grounds. i purchased it mainly for the k-cup ability because i was given a gift of 700 of them, was getting annoying having to empty out each cup in the morning for my regular coffee machine, the adapter hangs down a bit so you can suck some of the brewed coffee/tea back up into the main cylinder for another small pass...
Per PG Tips website, the white and lite blue box are the same tea, just different amounts of bags or volume of loose tea. Other strengths or flavors of tea have different colored boxes; PG Gold is a black box; PG Strong is a deep red box, etc.
Shona, there are 2 boxes and 240 count per box. I've purchased this particular item for the past several years. I have even counted the tea bags on occasion--240 per box is the count.
The decaf box has the red coloring on the lid. I have the blue box and it is caffienated. It looks like the difference with the white box is that the blue is "rainforest certified"? PG Tips is tops.
The blue box.
Shipping can depend on what country you have ordered from and size of the order as your order is shipped from the UK.
3/20/15
My last 2 orders tasted terrible, too. That's 960 bags of bad tea. I abandoned the brand after 20 years and switched to Yorkshire Gold. The stuff PG Tips is currently selling inside the US is not the same as the UK blend, and it tastes about as bad as any US grocery store brand.
Unfortunately no, there are active enzymes in the shakes and you want to drink them with in 10 minutes ideally.
Yes, whey is the protein source for this product. It is from grass fed cows raised in New Zealand who are not treated with antibiotics or given GMO grains.
No
I don't think so as I don't follow the Isagenix program. I think if you were to buy the package offered from a rep, I think this is only 1/2 month supply. I bought this canister plus some individual packets as I was traveling on business and the packets are better for that purpose.
Hi Kim. The answer is 14 meals, but please keep in mind that when you buy from the middle man, you'll pay more, risk getting expired or even contaminated products, and get no support. Please consider buying right from the company and getting free coaching and support if you're interested. Thanks so much! http://sandibatten.isagenix.com/en-US#
I use water. If I want more calories I use milk. Add more water to make it less thick. I sometimes add 1/2 banana and water.
Not sure, Google it and I'm sure you'll find the answer. They are VERY delish...you won't be disappointed.
That would depend on who you are buying it from. Everyone will have different expiration dates.
The container says: 24g carb per 2 scoop serving Just FYI: 24g protein / 8g fiber / 11g sugars / 6g fat
I myself am very sensitive to caffeine, I can't even take some cough syrups. I have had no problems with the product. I actually love the chocolate. I'm hoping that amazon will carry the Strawberry flavor soon. If you go on the Isagenix web site you can download the complete ingredients. It's very helpful. Hope this helps.
The ingredient list is: sugar, egg white solids, modified corn starch, sodium lauryl sulfate and then blue, red and yellow coloring. Hope this helps!
Hi, The ingredients are sugar egg whites cornstrach fd and c blue,red,yellow
I ordered these Dec 2012 and received 12 cars. 6 were red w/ the #1 on them and the other 6 were blue w/ the #7 on them. Hope this helps!
No
10 Piece Gift Box.
I don't know.
it came in time and well packaged no complaints from me :)
Yes the lid opens up. The center top of the lid is a flat plastic piece that fits in to the rest of it. Rotate it slightly and it will pop off. The first time it may be tight. Mine came open after I dropped it on the floor =(:-O) but it was fine afterwards. Take careful note of where everything is - there is a spring that you need to be in place. Once the top is open, you can run water or a brush over it, because yes, it does get that old coffee vibe on it.
The mouth is about 4 inches wide. A well-designed lid screws onto the top of the carafe; the lid has a push button mechanism that opens the carafe for pouring. The coffee stays hot because until you push the button, the pot is completely sealed. I've timed the whole procedure from measuring eight cups of water into the tea kettle, boiling and pouring the water through the drip mechanism, screwing on the top: 15 minutes. The taste of the coffee makes it worth the time it takes.
Yes, to both questions. You do need to put the lid on to pour. The carafe doesn't pour neatly without lid.
Just got mine in mail today, sadly it is NOT glassed lined.
Not me. Mine pours just fine. Make sure there is gasket on the removeable top above the threads.
Yes it is.........only because it is stainless steele.......NOT the glass lined image that is displayed. ;(
BPA....????
Yes, you can! I tried it and it worked just fine.
Coffee stays quite hot for a couple hours. This is not an all-day thermos. It keeps my morning coffee hot until it is gone. I don't notice any decline in flavor over that time span.
The carafe is double-walled and keeps the coffee hot for quite a while. If you have a ceramic top electric stove you might try it on very low to see how it does. But, I cannot recommend that based on my knowledge of the product.
Yes they do. You can use a succulent plant spray every month with watering. 17-8-22 is what I use. Good Luck, If you get into this I have a lot of babies to share.
no, the ones they use on the set of comedy bang bang I can not ID 100% but they are close to T. juncea, T. tricolor, T. xerographica, I think one is a T. caput-medusea.
The time involved in shipping from Florida to Alaska increases the risk of the plants dying.
I can't imagine you can't plant them right next to each other but I wouldn't let their leaves or stems touch and remember not to put them in dirt or soil...
I have mine in "fairy" globes and they are doing quite well. The gloves have openings so that I can spray them every few weeks with treated water that has food in it (also available on Amazon) and no issues. I think I had a kit with moss wtc that said they could be used in a closed terrarium. Hope this helps.
They need to be soaked for about 15 minutes in water about every 10 days .. so you could put them in a terrarium and just take them out to soak and then replace them.They shouldn't be planted in soil.
Easily. They are relatively small to be honest. You may want to glue some shells or something in with it to take up space.
No
5 different air plants are included- each unique. Honestly if they are still alive and thriving after 2 years, I would be estatic! I believe they grow very slowly
I wouldn't. Proper intake is one bottle of sqwincher mix then 3 bottles of water. Then sqwincher, then water etc. To much sqwincher without enough water can make you sick. You can add for taste or double up as long as you are kicking back straight water after.
Yes, but it is Splenda, not Aspertame. That is why I ordered it. It tastes good, too!
yes there are colorants
I only carry four different flavors, technically yes you could get a different flavor each month, although I only carry four flavors
Sodium 55 mg/Potassium 45 mg per serving (8 oz.) - Packet in 20 oz. water is 2.5 servings so each packet has 137.5 mg Sodium/112.5 Potassium - Why can't they just call this in a bottle one serving?
I bought the sugar free. As for gluten.I don't see anything indicating same. I would ask the Squnicher Corp. located in Columbus,Ms. as a back up..
Right from the packaging, Citric acid,natural and artificial flavors, potassium citrate, salt, ascor? (crinkled in package)acid(vitamin C), sodium citrate, gum arabic, potassium phosphate, sodium phosphate, sucralose, calcium phosphate, maltodextrin, and fd &c blue #1
Yes, if you want to be sure that you are only ingesting edible ink. Who knows what things lurk in regular ink.
Just about all inkjet ink cartridges, including the Canon manufactured (non-edible) ones have a sponge to prevent leakage. All of the edible ones I have tried (many) except one have been from mediocre to bad and they have a sponge. The one I chose after many trials does not have a sponge and performs very well. I do not have the name at hand, but if you read my reviews you will find it. Good luck in your endeavor.
I have a Canon iP 3600. It works great with the edible inks. Thanks for the inquiry! Kimberly
I don't what specific models that you can use it on but I know I have the MG5320 and the printer head cant be used by regular ink. so I have this one for my cake stuff and I have another printer for my regular printing.
I use it for the cannon pixma mg5320 and don't have problems. If the ink (non edible) for the mg5520 is the same as my mg5320 then I would imagine that the edible ink would work just as well. Hth
I'm not exactly sure. If you visit kopykake's website you can check your printer's compatibility. I hope that's helpful.
I think they are disposable, I haven't checked mine but they work awesomely! I copied the Lions Club logo and put them on cookies - blew my club members away!
They are compatible, however, I recently returned a set because the are producing a different color from what is labeled on each cartridge, also the print quality is very poor.
I don't think so. It is compatible with mg5320 and mg6220. You need cli-251. These are cli-226
Not that I am aware of
I can give you everything except the serving size; I cut off the top of the bag and threw it away already. Calories per serving: 150, Saturated Fat 1.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Polyunsaturated Fat 4.5g, Monounsaturated Fat 5g, Cholesterol 0mg, Sodium 35mg, Fiber 2g, Sugars 8g, Protein 4g. Ingredients: Omega 3 fortified Cranberries, Roasted Salted Almonds, Walnuts, Roasted Pepitas, Roasted Salted Pecans and Dry Roasted Salted Pistachios.
Yes, they cranberries do have sugar. They are listed on the ingredients list as: cranberries (cranberries, sugar, cranberry seed oil).
I really don't know if any of the product is from China. I consumed the trail mix so quickly because it was delicious. I never examined the bag.
My jar says 8.11. Hope this helps.
Greece
Argentinean green olives, Moroccan capers ,Dijon mustard
This is short grain white rice, which is the most commonly used rice to make "sticky rice" for sushi. I am a novice sushi maker myself and this the only rice I use for my home made sushi. You'll want to read up on how to prepare sushi rice but I can give you my general steps. First, I wash the rice in a strainer until the water runs as clear as possible. Otherwise, the rice powder from processing and packaging will make your rice overly sticky. Next, I soak the rice in my rice maker for 30 minutes, then I use the white rice setting and cook until done, then I leave the rice in the machine on the warm setting for 30 minutes. Afterwards, I season the rice with my rice-vinegar sushi seasoning mix and fan to cool. These basic steps will give great tasting sticky rice.
no. I'd rather call it short
Yes, it is a similar. I'm not from the Philippines's but my husband is and he loves this rice!!! It is short grain rice, I think you will enjoy it give it a try, you won't be sorry:)
I would definitely recommend rinsing rice before you cook it, for the reason you stated. I always rinse the rice first.
It is white, sticky rice. Very yummy. My wife says it is as close to "real" Japanese rice as can be bought in USA.
just keep it away from water and humidity!
nothing on the bag about gmo
Hi, It does contain casein, which is derived from milk. I am not sure how much casein is in there. You could ask the manufacturer. I have not cooked with it. I use it to make powdered coffee creamer and it works fine for that. It is a fine powder that dissolves relatively easily. I will continue to order it. I hope my answer helps you.
Ingredients: coconut milk, maltodextrin, & sodium casinate. The directions say to dissolve in hot water so coffee should work, too. I made dairy free hot cocoa mix with it & it's delicious.
There are 3 different mix ratios on the packaging. For a beverage: 2/3 Cup of powder to 1 1/4 cups of hot water. The ratios for cooking, and desserts use less water. Hope this helps! (Powdered sugar: 1 Lb = 4 3/4 cups)
Sri Lanka
Nutrition Facts Label says, Serving size: 2TBSP (15g)/Calorie= 110, 10g Fat; 40 mg Sodium, 3g Carbohydrate; 0g Fiber; 2g Protein.
A serving size is 2 Tbsp. which has 110 calories, 10 g of fat, 3 g of carb, 2 g of protein.
coconut milk,maltodextrin,odium casinate
No, I keep in the shelf. But I keep air tight container to keep dry.
This product contains maltodextrin which is often made with a natural starch; potato is most commonly used, but corn, wheat, and barley can also be used. Most maltodextrin is considered gluten free, even when it is made from wheat or barley. This is because the refining process is so severe that nearly all glutinous elements are stripped away. Even still, people who have wheat sensitivities or who suffer from conditions like Celiac disease that are aggravated by gluten might want to avoid this thickener unless they are absolutely certain it contains no problematic substances.
The several times I've purchased the coffee it has always had a 14 to 18 months left of shelf life.
Yes, dear you can mix them by adding them into your cart and checking out.
Greetings, Organo Gold sells a variety case which includes 6-Boxes OG Black; 6-Boxes OG Mocha; 6-Boxes OG Latte; 6-Boxes Hot Chocolate; 6-Boxes Green Tea for $576.00 (shipping & handling included). However, you may customize your order to meet your needs, but it does not come standard in a case. Let me know if I can be of any further assistance. Thanks! taragalbreth(myorganogold)
Personal opinion but the Gin Gin's are not as good as the Reed's Originals.
145. I buy 2 bags at a time...they are fabulous!
As the previous comment states, there is no way to tell the ginger percentage. The ginger taste is very strong, which is why I like them.
25 calories per piece
Ingredients include: sugar, maltose, ginger, tapioca starch. This list is right off the bag. Hope this helps. I can emphatically state that these are better than Pepto Bismol for upset stomach with vomitting.
Yes. The Reed Ginger Candy Chews will warm your mouth, but in a pleasant manner. They are very dense & not a soft chew, but we enjoy them. We first had Reed's Gingers as a complimentary candy given at a restaurant upon paying out, and following that, I went on-line & ordered.
Yes, it is dry powder. You can reculture your kefir up to 7 times. The instructions that come with the culture are really good.
Yes. It is so easy you wont believe!! I used this exact kit, and my results were delicious. I personally used whole organic milk. I made 7 quarts out of one packet. There are 6 packets. Have fun!!
Yes it is, however if anyone who is going to be using it has a problem with alcohol, I would steer clear. It didn't say anything about it when ordering but it is in the package.
Yes. I've made apple soda and strawberry soda. Instructions come with how to make sodas, coconut milk kefir, and kefir cheese.
no they do not, they are freeze dried, shelf stable.
I use coconut cream all the time and just love it. I used to combine this starter WITH some Kefir grains in the coconut cream initially, which was possibly even better, but over time, my Kefir grains never grew with the coconut cream, so I lost them. Now I use ONLY this Culture Starter and I am happy with the results. There's not much thickening that occurs, but the end result taste is very good.
No, i was delivered in good shape than I expected.
I use it with coconut water. Works great!
There is no nutritional information on the bottle I have. If you go to http://www.sunfood.com/catalog/product/gallery/id/1057/image/2616/ this will give you the nutritional info.
Yes.
What are FOA's??
Lots of people use the terms synonymously and the bottomline is that both are just finely ground almonds. The difference is whether you want almond meal with or without the skins. Without the skins is more expensive, but if you're baking cakes or just want a lighter taste, then it's best to go with the almond meal without skins. If you're OK with a more heartier taste, then save some money and get almond meal with the skins on. I've been using Trader Joe's almond meal for about a year and still can't believe it's only $4.00 for a full pound. I've searched extensively and no one's price comes close. It tastes like fresh almonds. Honeyville Farms has great almond flour without the skins and the grind is consistent (as it Trader Joes'). The problem I find with Bob's Red Mill almond meal without the skins is that the grind is inconsistent and you can really tell. Hope this helps!
No, these are not blanched. Bobs Red Mill has good blanched almond meal. So does Kroger/Smith's Stores under the Simple Truth brand. And yes, it does make a difference in different recipes. Some do better with one or the other.
Yes
Yes! Try cashew meal from TJ. They are raw too
I use almond cup for cup when baking. I have found it to be a lifesaver since I'm a low Varner for life. Search Glenda the Giid Foodie on Amazon you will find it.
Currently the price on amazon in $12.65, but I think the answer to your question is that when you purchase a product at TJ's, you spend your own money on gas to go to and from their store. Shipping costs have gone up everywhere for everything due to rising costs in transportation/fuel. My nearest Trader Joe's is almost an hour's drive away in another state. If I were to add in my gas and time spent to drive there and back just to get this one product, amazon's price does not seem so bad. I have a "Prime" account, so I'm not charged for additional shipping, but 'Deals by TNT" (the current vendor) and amazon both have to cover their transportation costs.
Hell yah it is!
Hello John, yes they are 17oz each.
This is a question for the makers of Sriracha Chili Sauce. The ingredients on the bottle are the same as listed on Amazon. All I know is, it is delicious and I put it on almost everything...well. I haven't tried it on ice cream as yet. In fact, I suggested that Lay's make Sriracha Chili Chips!
If bread was a 1, and jalapenos were a 4, then this sauce would be a 5
No
It's comparable to tobasco in heat and the flavor is definitely garlicky xompated to other hot sauces out there. It has that Asian flavor but it's good on just about anything
Yes, the container is plastic.
The total weight is 23oz....each packet is .23oz
( 100 ct ) in the item description
each pack is just one flavor- the packets a pretty tiny- so I will just open a pack of each flavor and mix them myself if I want more than one flavor
The flavors I received were strawberry, blueberry, and orange. The orange is a little tart- but none of them seem really "sour" to me.
There are around 10 pieces in the smaller bags.
Before. The berries with the packaging weigh 4.75 oz.
Mother Earth Products claims they deal only with USA companies.
There is no weight listed on the jar.
I cannot remember. I was very disappointed in this product. More than 1/2 of the berries were crushed and in a powder form rather than whole. I threw the product away after I could not get any refund from the producer.
Sulfides are not listed on the label. These berries are freeze-dried and further preservation measures are unnecessary.
Yes, they should be fine. Keep the lid tightly closed and out of excess heat and moisture, thanks
I didn't weigh them, but they are very light since they are freeze dried.
Freeze dried raspberries are JUST raspberries- nothing added. Usually dried fruit has sugar/salt or other things added to them. Freeze dried are more of a crunchy texture, whereas dried fruit is usually still soft.
The seals are poor. I suggest to transfer these into a sealed container. I also found the berries to be powdery. I don't recommend. You're better off buying from a food survival place. Hope this helps.
about 1.75 oz. Hope this helps!
Sorry I don't know the exact evuivalecny but what I can tell you is that there's a lot in the container. It's more than if it were fresh because they are really packed in there.
My guess is that these are as nutritious as fresh ones since they are freeze dried. No added sugar.
I think iti s on label but not sure.(Maybe 1 quart of reg. fruit).GREAT PRODUCT IF YOU LIKE DRIED FRUIT CRUNCH!cr
Like most coffees this one does not contain any calories unless you add extras.
It has a soft bottom like a pod, but the top is foil like a k-cup. Not sure how a pod brewer works, but if the pod had to be porous on all sides, I don't think this would work.
It fits in my Keurig that takes K Cups but its just a mesh pouch on the bottom of the pod so it will leave coffee inside the pot that will need to be cleaned out
It is just alful. beware
Kerigg coffee machine? Yes I have one and use it every day. But did not like this kind of coffee at all.
The soursop is a fruit that looks like a thorny apple. It grows in equatorial climates with high humidity. The juice tastes like a mixture of pineapple, strawberry, and coconut. It's very refreshing.
Hi Nancy, I can only assume that the actual fruit is best, but I'm not at all sure about that. Unfortunately I have not been able to find the fruit available for purchase...just this juice. And I can only say in my opinion that it tastes good. (I can't vouch for any health benefits.)
I don't know what sucralose is. Sour Sop has no additives. Only pure healthy restorative properties. I love it
you can keep it either way if it's unopened, I refrigerate mine because I prefer it cold.
I started my mother on Soursop tea at the diagnosis of her cancer. She actually went into remission for 1.5 years but has succumbed to the cancer 3 years after. I believe it worked and she had no side effects from it.
June 2015
It shows no sugar
June 2015..
probably Thialand or phillipines. This is not allowed in the good old US of A
nowhere in the USA. Only in the tropicas. Mexico, brazil, thai etc
These are not organic but, natural. This company offers both natural and organic products. The organically grown hemp hearts are in a different colored bag, green. On their website they explain they offer both to give people a choice. But, all the products are Non-GMO Project Verified. If you need more information the website is manitobaharvest.com...hope this helps.
3 grams per 3 tablespoons.
No...sorry.....you won't get high. But on the up side, they do taste really great. Best sprinkled in a salad. By the way, I wouldn't try to smoke them either.
I have ordered this product several times and it is a 16 oz. bag. I don't know where the shipping weight of 7.2 oz. comes from. You can buy hemp at Walmart, but it is highter. Amazon has the best price.
Hemp Hearts are naturally gluten free. From Manitoba's website http://manitobaharvest.com/faq.html#a9828 : Hemp seed naturally does not contain gluten. However, only one barley or wheat kernel amongst 50,000 hemp seed can potentially result in a positive test for gluten. As the world's largest hemp food manufacturer to grow, make and sell our own line of hemp foods, this one seed could inadvertently be introduced at any point. A single wheat or barley kernel could be introduced during harvest, seed cleaning, or even during delivery to our facility. This potential concerns us greatly. Manitoba Harvest strives to deliver the highest quality hemp foods. With our valued customers in mind, we have worked diligently to provide the most accurate product specifications. We are aggressively looking for processes and methodologies that would provide us with the certainty that our products are indeed gluten free. Until we are able to provide consistent and accurate controls, we are erring on the side of caution.
Yes I definitely freeze mine and they stay fresh for a very very long time.Ive tried a lot of hemp seeds and I find that the quality of these is really good!
Yes!! And they bring a nutty smell and flavor, I put them in smoothies, yogurt, jello, cereal, snack mixes plus I eat them by themselves
There are 15 suggested servings of 3 tablespoons each in the package, so that ends up being a bit less than 3 cups in the package.
I'm not sure about the "best" way. Some recommend refrigerating, but I figured that wasn't needed until after the bag was opened, so that's what I do. They only last a month or so. Freezing is probably good for longer periods. I just store the new bags in the pantry.
I don't bake with them - I use them in green shakes and added to yogurt and salads, but I understand that you can use them in the same recipes that call for chopped walnuts or pine nuts. I read that you shouldn't bake them at a temperature in excess of 350 F as that can harm the beneficial oils in the hemp seed.
Yes. It works for any vegetable. I have used it to make sauerkraut many times. Follow instructions carefully to activate culture.
says on their website that it includes milk.
You can probably get 6-7 quarts out of one packet.
they are listed under the Nutrition facts
According to the label, it's coconut oil and red palm oil . Hope this helps......
Yes ma'am, 100%.
The red Palm oil is naturally red, which is the second ingredient. When mixed with the coconut oil, you get a yellow tint. No food coloring at all.
100% organic coconut oil and 100% organic palm kernel oil.
You got three boxes. One box contain 25 small package and one is for instant make cup black coffee. Thanks,
Yes
good question; where is the answer
It wouldn't scramble or fry like an egg (at least I don't think it would). I mostly use it as an ingredient. I do make a lot of French toast with it and scrambled tofu, but I mix it with something. It is a great product and gives me that eggy taste that I have missed being vegan. Having the recipe book has helped me a lot.
It smells like boiled eggs, you must blend it to use it. I will only bake with it, if you want scrambled eggs there are alternative products on the market.
Potato starch, agar, tapioca starch, ground cashews, any rice flour, how much to use depends on how thick it needs to be. Is it for scrambled egg or pancake? Each would be different. Sorry I couldn't help more, I cook by instinct. My favorite VEGG use is Carbonara with tahini to replace bacon flavor....heaven.
It's listed correctly on amazon. But I recopied it for you: Fortified nutritional yeast (dry yeast, niacin, pyridoxine hydrochloride, riboflavin, thiamin hydrochloride, folic acid, B12), sodium alginate, black sea salt, beta carotene
Here's a gluten-free version: http://thevegg.com/portfolio-view/gluten-free-french-toast/ The foil package says "Blend 4tsp Vegg powder and 1.5c soymilk for 15 sec. Sprinkle cinnamon on mixture and whisk for 10 seconds. Sourdough bread, 1" slices, dipp for 10 seconds each side, fry." And then some long instructions about how best to fry your toast. Enjoy!
Hello, According to the Product Details it's only 1.5 oz of product. Cheers!
Cooking is about experiment and trying things to make you enjoy it. So please go ahead and try the omelet. Though it is dried yeast flakes with an egg like flavor.
If you go against the directions, who want you to use a proper held-held blender, I find it thickens fine by itself. I once used just a small whisk and hot water and it was quite thick. I don't think it needs any added ingredients, but you can always experiment.
You should refrigerate it after you mix it with water. It will keep in the fridge for about two weeks. Or you can freeze unused portions in an ice cube tray and keep for months. The unmixed powder does not need to be refrigerated.
We don't have a bag on hand so I can't check, but I know what you mean about strange vanilla flavor especially in sugar free items. I didn't find it to have a particularly strong vanilla flavor at all. I just thought it was a hint of vanilla what I taste more is the flax/grain flavor.
I'm note sure what "natural vanilla flavor" is exactly but I have purchased this many times and simply love it! Of the various flavors available, this is the best by far.
While many people think that buckwheat is a cereal grain, it is actually a fruit seed that is related to rhubarb and sorrel making it a suitable substitute for grains for people who are sensitive to wheat or other grains that contain protein glutens. Im not sure why they say it contains actual wheat when it does not. However I do believe it is produced in a facility that processes wheat. Glu*ten /`glootn/ a substance present in cereal grains, especially wheat, that is responsible for the elastic texture of dough. A mixture of two proteins, it causes illness in people with celiac disease
Buckwheat is definitely prevalent but there is a nice vanilla-y cranberry overtone, IMHO. Try one pkg; if u rn't hooked u'll know! I ordered 1 pkg, and am now on autoship bcz we use it every day on our cereal and oatmeal. Best wishes.
Yes, if you look closely at the package it has the GF symbol and buckwheat doesn't contain any gluten or wheat (as incorrectly indicated above the ingredient list).
You get 6 boxes of tea for $18.
There are 6 boxes of 20 in that price. It is very good tea. I give it as gifts and a number of my friends now drink.
Please be advised 6 boxes come in a case for $18.00
like coconut oil, you can store it without refrigeration away from sunlight and heat.
yes
My gallon jug says BEST by 10/2013 with a Batch # of HD 10/10, the Omni company states that 10/10 is when it was made, so it is old when you get it which I believe accounts for it tasting & smelling rancid.
In my opinion this is cooking grade...as it states right on the label.
Mine lasts many months as there is so much salt in it.
It's an 8 oz. Jar
It is 8oz
I no longer have the product, but I typed in a generic search for Trader Joe's Vanilla Meringues nutrition and several sites had details. Fatsecret.com even had an image of the label itself. Basically, it was 4 cookies to a serving, 110 calories, 0 grams fat, 27 grams carbs, and 1 gram protein. Also 20 mg sodium and everything else was zero.
105 calories in 5 meringues according to the link below: http://www.fatsecret.com/calories-nutrition/trader-joes/vanilla-meringues
Equivalent to one egg white and 1/2 tsp sugar! They are fabulous and kept crisp for months!
I believe drinking Moringa Tea increases my well-being. I chose this tea due to all the research I did on the Moringa plant. It supposed to be a super plant with all the nutrients we need to stay in good health. I bought a plant for $ 20.00 and planted it in my backyard. I am 80 years old and in excellent health! I highly recommend to drink the Moringa tea instead of a "mojito!" I
ummmm..for me, not so much. to share what I do...because I try & have some dark choc each day...(health benefits..) I put this tea in almost boiling water then take a small piece of dark choc & stir it in tea, melting it...works for me...
I really don't know but it taste good and it works.
No
They are not wrapped the bags are all in one pouch with a zip seal. I haven't had any issues they taste good to me.
yes no caffeine
All of mine looked like the picture.
Hmm, not sure what this number "32 grams" refers to, but the packaging for this Moringa Tea product says each tea bag is 2.3 g. Of course, that's dry, not steeped. Sorry if this isn't informative.
Yes it is in tea bags.
I just read on WebMD that it is not. Moringa can cause miscarriage. http://www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplements/ingredientmono-1242-DRUMSTICK%20TREE.aspx?activeIngredientId=1242&activeIngredientName=DRUMSTICK%20TREE "Special Precautions & Warnings: Pregnancy and breast-feeding: It's UNSAFE to use moringa if you are pregnant. Chemicals in the root, bark, and flowers can make the uterus contract, and this might cause a miscarriage."
of course i do...
Yes. I found it entertaining to actually find all 5 cards.
hi there..it depends on the seller that you choose.. I certainly ship to Italy.. so..YES!
Ours was melted into a big glob of rotten chocolate. It was horrible and my kids were so sad! We found some smaller ones in little purple packs from a different seller and they loved those.
What is your question? You asked "Have a few chocolate contains?" I'm not sure what you are asking. It's one large chocolate frog. Like in the movie only larger. Hope this helps.
This set is for 1 chocolate frog and 1 box of Bertie Botts candy (7 oz.). It is a large amount of Bertie Botts candy beans.
Yes
We got one so Salazar Slytheron
Each of those containers pictured has one frog in it. The beans are a nice sized bag, maybe 75 - 100 pcs?
Of course I do international shipping
Shelf life is 1 year. A bit longer if they are refrigerated. Great for storing in the bunker in case of a zombie apocalypse along with Spam and Twinkies. lol
I store them in the cupboard. I find when I use them, the best method is to rinse them, then put them in a dry fry pan and saut them until the liquid is about gone. By drying them out they are ready for whatever sauce you wish to put on them. They also are not slimey that way.
I am going to say yes. They are low in carbs, gluten and grain-free, come from a root vegetable, and are made by a process of fermentation. Supposedly that is where the smell comes from, which disappears after rinsing as directed. They are not "yucky" and are a great substitute for noodles, particularly in Asian style dishes. I see no reason why they would not be Paleo-friendly.
Never tried it, but see no reason why not. Same consistency of regular noodles, but no calories or carbs to speak of.. I use them & brands like it everyday.
Its made with some Japanese sweet potato stuff, that is all I know.
It's about two but I have found that the serving sizes were too small to fill me up so I use the entire package, since it has virtually no calories, that way I get full with less sauce. I have a friend that has made Pad Thai with them and it was wonderful
You need A LOT of water to rinse these before cooking/heating up. Might be able to rinse and reseal them in plain water..but would be heavy in backpack compared to freeze-dried.
My guess would be the water solution it comes packaged in.
I would not eat them, not because of loss of liquid, but because of the possibility of bacterial invasion. I would ask Amazon (if this is where you bought them) to replace them. It is only reasonable that they put them in your hands after you purchase them in a safe condition.
I have the garlic & herb, and the ingredients are water, konjac flower, garlic and herb mix, and calcium hydroxide.
I used it as more of a fill in for when I had no access to 'real food' it's a bit thin to be a meal replacement as it's not as thick as a shake. It may fill you up depending on the situation but I have to say I wouldn't recommend it for that purpose. It's more to give you the nutrients you may be missing from not eating properly all the time. I hope this helps.
I believe that these are the only flavors. This protein drink is better than many well-known commercial protein drinks that you can buy at the supermarket/drugstores. Its flavor, while better, is still just so-so.
11g which they say is 22%
No caffeine If you r looking for something to give u a boost of energy this is not the product
The label does not list potassium or phosphorus, so there is little to none. I hope this helps.
I didn't think so. It's very rich and creamy though so I liked it best ice cold and mixed with cold coffee (like a protein latte!)
All svelte ingredients are nonGMO. Svelte is a USDA organic product and the U.S. National Organic Program Regulations expressly forbid the use of GMOs in the production of organic food.
The 15.9 size has 260 calories. However, considering these drinks have such low sugar content (yet are deliciously sweet) and have a high fiber content, as well has having some great bonus vitamins, the higher calorie count is not as substantial as eating something with as many calories with lots of sugar. This is a great balance.
Hi Timothy, This is your Svelte team responding. Our cappuccino flavor of Svelte organic protein shake has about 65 mg of caffeine from the certified organic coffee that we use. That's about 1/3 the amount of coffee in a cup of a higher-quality coffee either made at home or purchased in a coffee shop. The only caffeine in Svelte comes from the organic coffee. No other caffeine is added. Pls contact us at any time.
I always buy Vietnamese coffee to use with it.
Pour carefully so as not to overflow... Somewhat slowly.
if you can, adjust your grinder so that it's not so fine. Do not tamp it down, it's only used to level the coffee surface and to let water seep down onto the coffee. I find that if it's taking too long, you can remove the filter/tamper and get a spoon and stir it to free up what's stuck in the bottom filter. You'll find that having the coffee ground more coarse than fine will do the trick.
Yes
Don't put all the water in at once. Start by putting a small amount of water in (just enough to cover the grinds) and let it sit for about 30 seconds. That will make the grinds expand as they absorb it, so the rest of the water will move through more slowly. You can find instructions on YouTube ("how to make Vietnamese coffee" or "how to use a phin") if that's not clear. By the way, automatic coffee machines, at least certain brands, do basically the same thing (they call it "pre-infusion"), though they don't wait as long.
Gravity is better and easier. The weight of insert allows slower even drip of water through coffee grounds. This is a nice little unit if you don't mind waiting...like a coffee press. But grounds must not be too fine.
2 7/8'' I measured the lower portion of the filter @ 2 7/8" -- that's the part that sits inside my mug below the "saucer" portion. The OD of the entire assembly is barely under 4''.
No mine are all loose as well, and when grounds float up and on top of the insert that is also normal. The only ones I have that are snug are the screw on ones, but I like these because they have the double filter. My screw on ones do not.
I use them interchangeably in a recipe.
That question needs to be answered by the manufacturer.
I now buy Anthony's almond flour on Amazon and its certified GF
Any that are grown in the US are pasteurized. If my memory serves me right they are. I will do further research. If they ate grown in Europe they are not pasteurized but the cost is astrinomical
i would love to know the answer too! help please!
the package should say organic is it is.
About 30 servings or a one-month supply.
Its actually a 100gram bag which is about 3.5 ounces.
I think this tea is mento to eat for full benefit. I put mine in morning smoothie in blender and love energy without having large tea leaves to eat as blender breaks them up so I cannot really detect them.
Dry and crumble in blender when making smoothie.
Short answer: yes. Longer answer: i am trying it literally as I am typing this since that idea never came to me. the tea is very light in color so in the future i might mix it with other tea(s). But it does taste good. No off-notes of any kind
I have a kale and fruit smothie every a.m. and I put a Tablespoon of the Green tea leaves in it:). Don't like to be or since they are better raw.
I don't wash organic tea before use, but I do give inorganic a wash.
Yes you could, but if you just drink the brewed tea, you will not be getting the full benefits and antioxidants. So I would leave the loose tea leaves in your brew and just swallow them as you drink the tea made from them. I hope this helps to answer your question. Take care.
My understanding it that it's even higher than in a cup of brewed tea. I don't feel any effects from the caffeine, but it doesn't bother me much usually.
what I DO know as someone using this product is that is seems like sencha, yes, however, note that these leaves can be eaten crunchy style, unlike sencha leaves that would have to be simmered since they would turn into leather in your mouth, so whatever they do to make these edible, is good, and it still is 100% green tea leaves that can also be mixed up into a smoothie where you don't even taste the leaves if you just want the power of the health blast. So, just replying as a fellow customer, I'm not a part of the company, but just love this stuff.
I have not tried it as a tea however I pour a bit of boiling water to dissolve it before I add soy milk and make a latte. It tastes delicious!
I use about 1/2 to 1 full teaspoon about 5 times per week. At this rate one package of this powder lasts me about 2 months.
Hello, Janice. We don't use tea leaves from Japan. Unfortunately, a percentage of the Japanese crop is still affected by the radiation fallout. Our product comes from the coastal Fujian province in China where only the finest tea leaves are used and ground into a fine powder that is both affordable and delicious. We have over 100 recipes available at our web site EatGreenTea.com. Pauline Mendoza Customer Love Specialist EatGreenTea.com
Our product comes from the coastal Fujian province in China where only the finest tea leaves are used and ground into a fine powder that both affordable and delicious. Pauline Mendoza Customer Love Specialist EatGreenTea.com
more than 30
On the back label it says 1/2 to 1 teaspoon contains the same amount of caffeine as found in 1 cup of brewed tea and it also has 100x more "antioxidants than brewed green tea.. So about 25-50 grams of caffeine
The farm is located in the mountainous & coastal Fujian province in China. This combination of geological features is ideal for growing tea plants. Pauline Mendoza Customer Love Specialist EatGreenTea.com
From what I understand, matcha IS green tea powder. Check out the website: nutritionfacts.org. Look up matcha there. This site has a wealth of nutritional info on it. By the way I saw matcha at Trader Joes. I plan to get it when this current batch runs out. (To use matcha I add it to my smoothies that I make every day)
i have no idea how old they were but i found them to be stale
I really can't quote actual as I don't know directly, but it does have dark cherries, plain unsalted almonds and they are covered in dark chocolate. They are very good and two with a small glass of milk make a perfect dessert. They are just the right amount of sweet amd not too much.
They were discontinued around Nov 2014. I bought a batch from the last known supply in the Southeast Florida area. The sell date is September 17, 2014. They taste perfectly fresh and are absolutely delicious and a perfect "health food" snack. How can you go wrong with Dark Chocolate, Almonds and Tart Cherries.
3-5 business days
My original purchase did not list on the container, however my latest order does have the probiotics
It's their term for what we all know as a 'juice box'. A box about 1 x 4 x 3 inches with a little straw attached. It holds 8 fl oz.
My June 2013 order of Boost Plus Strawberry 8oz Brikpaks 27/Case Sold by RxUSA Inc. via Amazon.com has a May 24, 2014 expiration date. I hope this info is helpful.
Essentially, yes. There is this warning on the label: "* Not for individuals with galactosemia". (Galactosemia is a rare genetic disease.) I am lactose-intolerant and use Boost three times a day because i have no teeth. Unlike Ensure, which is milk-based, Boost is soy-based and digests nicely. If you know you don't have galactosemia, I'd give it a try. By the way, they recommend serving it cold, but I find it tastes just fine at room temperature. I keep a supply next to my bed for when I want a snack.
Calories 360 Protein 14g
It has 14g of sugar and 22g protein. 530 calories if you need to maintain weight or gain. I use it for nutrition for feeding tube.
Packaging from different origins and updated changes for marketing.
540
It's a single serving box like a juice box.
They are, however they need very tiny gumballs to be refilled with.
Just on the wrapper. If I remember correctly there is no writing on it at all after u open it up
This novelty item imported from China and both the machine and gumballs are made there. We do offer gumballs made in North America. If you wish to contact us at 800 853 3941 we can further assist you.
Yes
I believe they look better with the wrap off. You don't need the wrap. The gum is not going to fall out.
They are very small but all the kids loved them.
You turn the dial and the gumball comes out into a little tray. The top comes off to be able to refill it.
Maybe they were 6inchs. They were small in my opinion and I would not have purchased them if I saw them first, because you can get better quality going to a dollar store or toyrus.
It did come with little coins that were plastic but we did not use them
Like 4 inch long
the box says 110 mg / serving with a serving defined as 1/2 cup (30g).
It is packaging without frustration.
You'll get 6 boxes. Each box has 2 pouches. Helps maintain freshness. Hope this helps.
10 months. I received mine in December 2013. The date on all 4 boxes is October 2014.
Four separate boxes. All shipped in one shipment
yep, fresh as you can get.
Yes, regular size box
It's a giant case of (I think) 18 bags.
It does NOT say gluten free. Contains Milk and Soy. Ingredients: Rice, sugar, Canola oil, corn starch, potato starch, modified tapioca starch, sea salt, skim milk, gelatin, soy lecithin, yeast extract. 12 portion packs. Each pack has 2 Rice crackers 50 calories. Sodium 55 mg. 0 cholesterol. Allergy information: Contains milk and soy. Made in Facility that also processes wheat, egg, fish and crustacean. Hope this helps!
a carton is comprised of 18, 5 OZ packages...
I would say an 8. It is spicy but not very very spicy. Its nacho. So if you had nachos at a game or anything I'd compare it to that.
No. Its for one can.
About 50 people depending how u r using it. Good stuff!
I would say this is a medium, and the best nacho cheese I have found so far!!!!
I have kept it open, but covered, in the fridge for a month, without any adverse effects.
The large country crock butter lids fit perfectly on this can for easy storing!
I an not sure about the sponge part, however the refills will give u about 5 top ups. Except the black if u have 2 black cartridges 1 large and 1 small then obviously the black won't last as long. Hope this helps
We've only refilled them once (and have printed quite a few items), and te bottles are still about 2/3 full.
Yes, 4 of 8 oz can b
Dec 2014
A new printer usually comes with a 'spongeless cartridge'. Check the cartridge it self if you can see only the ink through it, it means it does not have a sponge, if you see some kind of white background with the ink it means it has a sponge. I hope this can help you.
I have only used the wafer paper. Extremely flexible for doing prints and cutouts. I love it.
Yes, it does comes with the caps and needles to inject colors. Exp date about OCT 2016.
2oz.fluid in ea. bottle
I don't know, but the Edible Supply tech staff will probably be able to give you the correct answer. Your IX4000 is dedicated to printing edible images; right? When I began, it was stressed that the printer used for edible imaging was ONLY for that and not interchangeable with regular printer ink. In other words, I have 2 printers. One for regular stuff and one for printing edible images. I hope this helps and doesn't "ramble on" too much. I understand you have to have new color cartridges, and they may have to have a special "chip" attached. The 2 oz. bottles of color are used to refill the replacement printer ink cartridges (the ones that came with the printer). Edible Supply should be able to help. If not, you can go on line to Kopy Kake and find out if they have the edible ink cartridges for your Canon printer.
Yes. I sell cakes for a living, majority use canon or epson, but as long as you find a refillable cartridge, you can use the ink in any printer.
I use a tablespoon a day in my smoothie is has immensely changed my blood test with better results!
It doesn't mention it on the package,
No it is not organic but it is Kosher Certified by Kosher Certification Services. Origin:Germany
I am not sure, It is ground to a very fine powder like talc. The taste is quite good, almost sweet, mixes readily in water, milk, juice, etc
I sincerely doubt it. As I remember it was from foreign country and I threw it out. Botanical is not organic nor is it GMO and I shouldn't have bought it in the first place.
USA
Not sure about the peanut thing, but I believe there was a food label. Got them for a Lego birthday party and I think they were cute, but hard to chew.
I don't know. Sorry I can't be of help.
A lot, but kids' mom was not a fan, so I ended up throwing them out. Lesson learned.
Vegetable oil, Dextrin, Potato Powder, Lactose, Non Fat Milk Powder, Salt, Potato Starch, Corn Sirup, Whey Powder, Vegetable Powder, Yeast Extract Powder, Hydrolized Soy Protein, Powdered Vinegar, Cheese Powder, Spices, Carmel Color, Carotenoid Color, Baking Powder, Casein, Sodium acidulant. Compared to what crap is in our own country's food. This is practically health food. Japan has higher standards than our own FDA.
It is oddly tasty. It does taste like a mini-McDonalds. Definitely a fun novelty item!
Well, all of the ingredients and labels (including the cup, fry package, etc.) are all included but you do have to mix and microwave them. I would use YouTube tutorials to help with the instructions though as they're not in English.
No, not hard. if you are not sure how to do the directions on the package, you can always look it up on youtube,
Delivery time should take about 7-10 days for U.S.
YES, JUST LIKE EATING THE REAL THING IN SIZE
I am not sure. I looked it up and I didn't find anything, but then again it is a Japanese product so perhaps it held at different standards.
If you select a seller with "Amazon.com Prime" mark, the items will be sent out from the Amazon US warehouse, and delivered to you within just 1-2 days.
Estimate take 2-3 week to arrive thank
Estimate take 2-3 week from Hong Kong to US thank
yep, i still have mine (^_^)
You can make a lot of candy, I got to make 15 or more :)
I don't know for sure, but most likely yes.
Yes it's really fun my son loves making them.
I made two candy jelly/powder (animal design)thingys and one hamburger one. :) Sorry, i think u meant how many we ate per package lol about 8-10 they didn't last long lol i even scraped the laat bit of poweder
yes. they all have dates that can be read in English or in any language haha. xD but yes i did buy a candy kit that wasn't this one that i didn't use for a while and it went bad. so yes there are dates of expiration on the packaging.
It's just powder in an air tight package so I don't think it even expires
I don't know if every package gets the same molds but the ones that I got was a flower a dog a butterfly and a bunny
Yeah, but don't leave them in the sun for 2 long, cuz they will melt
considering this is a gummy candy, i would say no, but i may be wrong. i'm not quite familiar with the word kosher so of course i looked around and found some food laws and informationg about kosher. "Land mammals - Only those with cloven hooves and chew their cud. Cattle, sheep, goats, deer and bison are kosher food sources. Pigs and rabbits are examples of prohibited species... A cereal may have raisins which are coated with a non-kosher, animal-based glycerin, non-kosher flavors, animal shrtening, or gelatin." (source: http://www.kof-k.org/kosher) Of course this is not cereal, but gelatin is the question here. this package comes with a white powder inside which may contain gelatin (i do not know since i can't read japanese). after all, this is a gummy candy. it is your call. my guess would be that this contains gelatin, so it is not kosher from what i have read about the word. i hope i helped even though i knew little about the topic at first. :)
The kit is fun to make bit tastes like wet stale bread.
I don't think so since they're all comes in powder packets.
Ingredients Palm oil, sugar, lactose, whole milk powder, cocoa butter, wheat flour, salt, strawberry juice.
Yes they are but you can tell from the pictures what they are Alexis
This one is the better of the ones I've tried. It is very sweet that's for sure lol. But the frosting is what makes the "doughnuts" tasty. Fun to make with the kids or just alone lol.
I haven't tried that, but I don't think that would help.
It depends on where you live!
I think it was about 3 with this particular kit. They we probably around a little larger than a quarter, but it's been a while since had this.
it depend f somebody is allergic to it i dont know the ingredients because ita all in japanese
I'm not sure, but I do know it does not contain gelatin.
I can assure you that watching your figure and buying a 40 pound bag of marshmallows are two entirely exclusive lifestyles.
You could hot tub in them, or better yet a kiddie pool. Forty pounds is a lot, but to swim, you'd need more like 120.
No
Dear Mike, The marshmallows come in a big cardboard box with the amazon sticker, so it should be safe in the office. One warning, though, I got this as a funny gift for my kids, and they reported becoming the most popular people they know! Also, 40 pounds is a LOT of marshmallows!
Well, Ken, I want to preface my answer by saying that I am NOT a leprechaun, and am thus ill-equipped to advise you on what constitutes a safe level of cushioning necessary for dehydrated marshmallow-based free fall. I purchased the 40 pounds of dehydrated marshmallows as part of an elaborate Christmas joke for my adult children. I was surprised to find out how many people admitted that, like me, the only time we ever knowingly ingested the cereal portion of our favorite cereal was when it was impossible to seperate it from the dehydrated marshmallows. I will warn you, however, that even after extracting enough of the marshmallows to make an impressive show of burying said children (It kicked ass, truth be told), I was left with what seemed like a never-ending supply of dehydrated marshmallows that were eventually thrown away. But, I would think that you should ask yourself some questions before you attempt to jump off a building. For instance, how long have you been a leprechaun? Should you consult a more experienced leprechaun before making a potentially dangerous jump? Also, are you sure that whoever is following you is really after you? I believe it's possible that they may simply "always be after" your dehydrated marshmallows. Hope this helps!
I bought the forty pound bag twice and via taste tests by my two sons plus myself found them almost the same taste. We should have had a blind taste test by literally buying a box of Lucky Charms and testing them side by side but the forty pound bag of charms were great. Buy only from that manufacturer. Good Luck!
Gives them a very good crunchy texture.
I'm not going to bother to research this , but instead make an assumption and do some math. Let's assume that each marshmallow weighs 1/4 of an ounce and is 5 mm x 5 m x 5mm. That would take 2,560 of these suckers to make 40 pounds. More math using my fake data gives us 32,000 cubic centimeters for the volume they take up, assuming that they're packed perfectly efficiently. So, 31.75 cm on each side, assuming a perfectly cubic box. If you're an average American and don't know what that means, it's a little over a foot.
Each individual packet will make one serving of tea. On average .10-.15oz per serving depending on how light or dense the tea mixture is. So if I had to give you an estimate, I would say that the entire kit is around 2.oz. total of loose tea.
the ingredients list has only one of the teas listed as organic. as this is a sampler package, i am sure that they couldn't list the whole package as organic. check out thier site and see if they have an organic section.
Not sure, but it should fit into a regular sized stocking easily
According to the packages in this specific group, only the African Solstice is decaffeinated.
Three each of the following blends: Bombay Chai, Moroccan Mint, African Solstice, Sencha, Estate Darjeeling
I'm not sure, it has been a while since I ordered it. I will tell you it is good tea, I honestly think that box steered me away from coffee every morning. I don't think you will be disappointed if you give this tea a chance.
Organic cranberries, organic cane sugar and organic sunflower oil.
Yes there is sugar in this product. Per 1/3 cup you have 27 grams sugar and 130 calories. Their website for the products: http://www.decascranberry.com/retail-sweetened-dried-cranberries
They have organic cain juice and organic sunflower oil in them.
Ingredients are pitted apricots and sulfur dioxide.
The seller provided no nutrition details on the plain bulk package. If you already made the purchase, go into your Amazon account & click on Your Orders. The item was sold by Green Bulk. Click on the company & it will take you to their storefront. Contact their Customer Service Center. Good luck.
They don't list ingredients but I don't think sugar is added. They are sweet without added sugar.
Sorry No.
If you open the bag, they will keep for about a month.
no seeds
No nothing but apricots. The first two packages were great, the last one was only good because of dryness.
I'm sorry, I never looked at the back. I just loved eating them and I figured I was ok because it was not junk food.
Yes there is .
Hi Mark, Google says: "Grade B is produced later in the season and has a darker, grittier color, thicker viscosity, more robust maple flavor and more minerals. Grade B has a heavy maple flavor that lingers on your taste buds." Since the grading has nothing to do with quality I always prefer B because it is more maple-y and has more nutrients.
It should be refrigerated after opening. Any pure maple syrup can mold if stored at room temperature. Just take it out of the refrigerator a while before you intend to use it.
It is grade B
Did you refrigerate it after opening? This is a possible cause. Without seeing the syrup, it could also be caused by simple evaporation if the lid was not secure, similar to the whitish encrustation around the neck of the container from dripping.
Grade B is printed on a sticker on the lid.
No. There is no formaldehyde used in any maple syrup produced in Vermont.
Sad to say, I'm not sure. I usually think of these things, but I had not looked. I cannot see anywhere on the container where it says boa free. It is a #2 plastic. I may have to look at something different now.
I would think it would be delicious in anything you used it in. The flavor is amazing.
It is grade B which is actually the better richer flavor. I would buy this again in a heartbeat !!
Empty 1 sachet into your favorite cup, fill with hot water, stir and enjoy.
14g
Coffee
I'm really not sure what is in it.. all I know.. is.. it's good
Thank you for your inquiry - 15 Sachets are in a box - Net WT 14.9 OZ
On the front of the bottle it says, "organic, gluten free, vegan, kosher". It just doesn't have an O-U or O-K stamped on it. I would get in contact with them directly if it is a concern. ilovedatelady dot com.
Yes it is.
I'm assuming you meant to say "sugar", instead of "auger". No, this product is made completely from dates - nothing else. No sugar is added. It's rather neutral in flavor and has the same consistency as honey. It states on the jar that no refrigeration is needed once the jar is opened.
I'm assuming it is a cooked product. It is a thick syrup, similar to honey or molasses. It's completely smooth with no fibrous bits in it, which is why I believe it's a product that has been cooked or boiled down. The only ingredients in the product listed are dates. It also does not need to be refrigerated. It has a very nice flavor, reminiscent of a very mild molasses. It's really delicious. On her website, she states that there is nothing in her Date Syrup other than dates....no water, nothing else. So because there is no water, just dates, one can assume the product is cooked to be able to produce a syrup. If you need further clarification on this, you can email her at info@ilovedatelady.com.
I don't think date palms are genetically modified..yet. Perhaps you can ask the Date Lady. This is a very good product. It compares very favorably to Lions Brand from India. Delicious!!!
All of the information I have says it is 12 oz. The 10.4 oz noted in the description appears to be incorrect. I will work on correcting this with Amazon. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. R & R Direct
I haven't put it in tea but it dissolves in hot water just like regular honey.
You can contact the manufacturer and ask these questions: info@ilovedatelady.com.
I would not.... If you do not have the option of getting espresso powder I would grind up the espresso coffee really really really fine.... I love cooking with ground espresso it's a staple in my home
It depends on the recipe. I've used up to 2 TBSP making ice cream (very strong flavor); however, I've used as little as 2 tsp when making brownies or cookies or cakes. The powder is quite strong so it depends on how much espresso flavor you prefer/enjoy. The "rule" is 1-2 tsp per cup of flour for baking recipes. Hope this helps!
Yes
0.75 OZ. 21.26 G Awesome product
Espresso powder made by JAVA & Co. is pure ground espresso - not an instant espresso. It is a cooking and baking ingredient, i.e., chocolate desserts, espresso rub on meats for grilling.
I'm not sure, it doesn't say that it is. Sorry.
Here is the list of ingredients from the Tassimo website: concentrated milk, sugar, water, roast and ground coffee, cream artificially and naturally flavored, salt and sodium phosphates.
I dont think that matters what model it is. I your machine may need de scaling and cleaning. if you just want to try take a wet wipe and wipe off the bar code reader sometimes the creamer gets sticky and clouds it up.
I love this flavor but I watch and buy it right from tassimo its cheaper. They run specials every know and again and you can pick them up for less. I think it was about $8-$9.
sorry I threw away the main package but it has a caramel flavoring and I added the sweet latte milk creamer
It is really good and it has 30 sachets in a box
It's not completely caffeine free but the Ganoderna greatly minimizes the caffeine. A traditional cup of coffee has around 150 mg of caffeine and a cup of OG coffee has 15-20 mg.
I'm not selling the product. I am a buyer of the product myself.
Never tried. But most powdered coffees work best if you will dissolve in a couple of inches of hot water and Then add your cold water and ice
3.5 g
No
Yes and one single packet makes the perfect cup of coffee.
It is caffeine free as far as I know.
30 packets or sachets according to the box!!
Cafe Noir has a stronger coffee flavor. Not quite Arabic, but somewhat...
Yes. Although this is the white (dye free) vs the pink one.
Ingredients on the packaging read: Sodium tallowate, sodium cocoate, fragrance and optical brightener.
It doesn't really make any suds. I mostly use it for pretreating tough stains. they also come in flakes, all natural (coconut oil and tallow) and really cheap you can get it around 97 a bar.
I wet the item and rub the soap in then I rub the fabric together as if to scrub it. I usually see improvement almost immediately. Then repeat to finish cleaning the item.
pink smells very "floral" . The white is virtually odorless.
I buy moss from this supplier regularly. I've never had any problem with any of the species, including the two I've been shipped under the name "sheet-moss." I terrariums for sale, but the few I've kept or given to friends as gifts are all still going strong & many are well over 24 months old at this point.
Mine was about 12"x 12". Very thick & lush
Loosen up the soil. push the moss into it, don't bury it, and keep moist.
As a planter just for the moss? Line with pea gravel, then a layer of dried sphagnum moss and then soil. Mosses are non-vascular meaning they have no water transport system beyond osmosis (this is why the never grow tall) so they need to be moist and out of direct sunlight. I spray mine with a spray bottle for moisture.
no it's not sphagnum. there are many varieties but not sure which one this is.
I would think so. It is very soft and flexible. You might need a small thin layer of dirt under the moss to feed it. I use it for Bonsai and have it growing on several pots and rocks. Doug
Yes, you could. I put it as cover in my terrarium. Worked great!
The moss I received from the mail was a very small patch & looks nothing like the picture. It looks brown and almost dead. I could have gone out to the woods and dug some for myself. A waste of time and money.
OK Here goes: Serving size 15g, Cal 70, Cal Fat 37g, Fat 4g (6%), Cholest 8.7g (3%), total carb 6.2g (2%), Fiber .44g (2%), Protein 2.4g (5%). Sodium is somewhat high (I'm on a restricted diet); however, I don't eat this as a bowl of soup. I just put a few tablespoons of cheese sauce (see my recipe) over my veggies. Good stuff!
I don't know this is the first time we bought it and it is almost gone. My son uses it on all his pasta and says its very good. It is better than the cheese you get in the mac & cheese box.
Yes you can. I made cheddar cheese biscuits with it. Little bit of a warning it will be too orange.
There was no info on storage so I left mine tightly sealed in a cabinet. I know the ones in pre made boxes are shelved so that's what I did... I can't imagine putting it in the fridge would be a bad idea though, so whatever you are comfortable with..
Lambie, I'm not sure. I transfer mine from the large container to a smaller shaker as needed.(I'm pretty sure you do this) I've only had my container for about six weeks. I guess if this happens to my product I will put it in a food processor to attempt to restore it to it's powdered state. Hope this helps.
we just sprinkled it on like salt and it is ok............... but okay is the best I can say
I don't measure, I am a mix, add a little, taste, add a little more cook. My motto is you can always add more you cannot take out.
Yes it's a little stronger than the box cheese in taste so just start with a little until you like the taste
"The expiration date" in this case is a best by date 6/6/15 almost a year the item will be usable a little longer. A couple of months, humidity will take its toll.
No it must be sprinkled on
Should not affect taste ... not sure about consistency since you did not indicate proportions. In typical apple pie you mix 1-2 Tablesp jel with 1/2 your sugar before combining everything. For berry pie smash about 1/4 of the fruit, add the other 3/4, sprinkle with 1/2 the sugar and set aside for 30 min to create liquid. Combine 3-5Tablesp jel with the rest of the sugar. At the end combine everything and pour into baked and cooled crust...Chill until ready to serve. Top with whipped cream if desired. These are guidelines...If you like a stiffer filling use the higher amount of jel...if you want it barely thickened then use less. Hope this helps.
According to the label: "Clearjel is a modified cornstarch"..."thickens without cooking, works well with acidic ingredients, and is able to tolerate high temperatures." For instance, to make blackberry pie filling, you mix Clearjel with dry ingredients, then into your clean blackberries, fill canning jars and hot water bath process. Pies made with Clearjel can be frozen and reheated.
I do not know. Use the old method of trial and error on a small portion
Yes
I am not sure, but I have had it for about a year and see no noticeable changes in color, texture, or how well it works. The jar keeps it so much better than the bag I purchased previously.
It says you can use it on drinks and foods without having to cook them, so I suppose you could. I wouldn't add it until the yogurt has already passed the cooling period in the fridge; also, the longer you let your yogurt sit at 100 degrees the thicker it will get. I leave my yogurt for 6-8 hours, plus I add 1+ cup of powdered milk to it to make it thicker.
I do not know. Clear-jel, as far as I know is intended for fruit pies to keep the juice from being runny and is great for that purpose. Do not know what you are using the thin boiling starch for.
Here's a link regarding your question. http://www.everythingpies.com/clear-jel-clearjel-thicken-filling.html They say to use a little less than twice the amount of corn starch.
As this product is not labeled organic, it almost certainly contains GMO corn.
The only ingredient is modified corn starch.
Water, Caramel Color, Alcohol, Natural and Artificial Flavor, Sulfiting Agents, and FD&C red#40 lake. (That all it says on the bottle. I like it a lot. Shake well because the cinnamon and other spices settle out at the bottom.)
I use about 1/2 tsp. root beer extract. Also use about 1/4 tsp. of vanilla extract. Then some liquid stevia. Then fill the glass with ice cold, unsweetened sparkling water.
Yes - we add ours to a simple sugar syrup that we make: one part sugar with one part water - bring to boil.
The bottle says 5 gallons but that will depend on your taste. I've been making it by the single liter (using club soda and nutrasweet). After my experimentation, it looks like I'll get about 17-18 liters out of it, but the first batches were very stiff.
I use 1/4 tsp to 1/2 liter carbonated water with 1/4 tsp vanilla extract and stevia to taste. Yum.
I purchased the extract for my daughter, who wanted to make root beer cookies. Sorry I don't know the answer. Good luck
I'm on the road, but will give it a whirl when I get home - Harry
It is plastic
Yes, both flavors of the Vitamin Burst contain sugar. 20g carbs of which 17g are sugar.
The riper the berry the sweeter the juice!
80 calories .. 0 fat .. 20 carbs .. 17 sugars
taste is similar. but, it takes quite a bit more product to make the same amount of cooked cereal. not sure about the nutritional benefits, i will only buy the longer cooking type next time.
Oregon.
That information is printed on the side of the plastic packaging.
You want to find rolled oats for cookies. These would not work well.
This one is not gluten free, but they do make a gluten free version.
You put twice the amount of water (so 1/2 cup of oats = 1 cup of water) and microwave until your desired consistency. By 5 minutes the oats are usually dried out of all water and quite soft, so I keep mine in for a shorter time. The only other thing is that after about a minute you will need to open the microwave at times to stir the bowl of oats as it will begin to rise. In all, I find this method quicker than cooking on the stove and with less cleanup (no pot needed).
I don't know what the shelf life is, but I just received a 4pack in October with an expiration date of 12/15. Don't know what type of packaging.
Yes, this is a case of four 22oz bags.
There are 4 grams of protein per serving. Hope this helps.
There is no indication of toasting or pre-cooking on the package. I would suggest you go directly to www.bobsredmill.com
For a 6 oz bag the sodium per serving is 190 mg. Serving size is 1oz and the servings per container are 6.
I don't know the sodium content, but they are very flavorful so I suspect they are not low sodium. They're extremely yummy.
Well if you go by the ingredients in the other 2 chips there is zero sugar. http://www.amazon.com/BEANFIELDS-Pico-Gallo-Chips-6-Ounce/dp/B006FFA50Y/ref=pd_bxgy_gro_text_y http://www.amazon.com/BEANFIELDS-Salt-Bean-Chips-6-Ounce/dp/B006FFA55Y/ref=pd_bxgy_gro_text_y
It's plastic.
It is liquid, yes. the bottom of mine started to crystallize after it had been open for a couple months, but it came to me liquid and stayed that way for the most part.
Yes, it's in liquid form. You don't have to heat it up.
Yes you could. It's really not solid or hard. The taste is outstanding.
It doesn't say on the bottle, but it probably does on their website.http://www.honeytreehoney.com/index.html
Is it certified organic honey?
They sell honeys that do not have the claimed activity certified independently (which allows in principle to sell blended or just flavored regular honeys for the price of active manuka honeys). Honeys with independently certified activity (Uniq Manuka Factor - UMF) are listed, for instance, at http://www.umf.org.nz/licensees .
No. It is raw.
Yes. Check out info on WebMD here http://www.m.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/manuka-honey-medicinal-uses. It will answer your questions more thoroughly.
The honey is on a glass jar
yes to my knowledge .
I believe this is the active agent that kills the stomach bacteria which causes or agggravates ulcers. Not sure about the ratio number.
Hi, may I suggest you check their website for more information. Thesynergycompany.com. Good luck!
UMF and MGO Ratings Explained If you have been trying to assess the strength of Manuka Honey products, you may have noticed two different labels on the honey containers. One being UMF, the other MGO. UMF is an internationally registered trademark that can be used only by licensed users who meet set criteria which include auditing and monitoring to ensure the product is natural, unadulterated, Manuka honey that has the unique non-peroxide antibacterial activity and is true-to-label claim. Many different Manuka Honey producers use this system. MGO ratings refer to the level of Methyglyoxal in the honey. Methyglyoxal is a marker of Manuka honey but it does not cause the non-peroxide activity. MGO is a trademark of Manuka Health New Zealand Ltd, and you will only see MGO labels on their own products. All types of honey have a very mild antiseptic property because they contain hydrogen peroxide. It is only Manuka Honey that has the additional and more powerful antibacterial property. UMF UMF is more established and widely used and it stands for 'Unique Manuka Factor'. After Dr. Peter Molan, a Senior Lecturer at the Waikato University in New Zealand, discovered the additional antibacterial property in Manuka Honey, the UMF rating system was developed to measure the activity level of Manuka Honeys. Rather than measuring the methylglyoxal content like the MGO methodology, the UMF rating actually tests the antibacterial performance of a honey and compares it to phenol, a disinfectant. The Active Manuka Honey Association(AMHA) that does the testing states: "The presence of the special non-peroxide activity can be detected only by an array of scientific testing directly relating to the phenol standard. The rating has a one-to-one relationship to the phenol standard. " This means that a UMF rating of 20+ is equivalent in strength to a 20% solution of phenol. Manuka Honey is independently tested in an accredited laboratory for its antibacterial UMF. All Manuka Honey that has a UMF rating of more than 10 is highly active honey and therefore known as Active Manuka Honey. The ideal UMF rating varies depending on your purpose, but laboratory studies have shown that manuka honey with a non-peroxide activity level of UMF12 to UMF15 is effective against a wide range of very resistant bacteria. MGO The discovery of the active ingredient "Methylglyoxal" in Manuka Honey was made by Professor Thomas Henle from the Institute of Food Chemistry at the Technical University of Dresden in Germany. Manuka Health state that the higher the MGO rating in Manuka honey the higher the level of anti-bacterial activity in the honey. Methylglyoxal is a compound found in the pollen of the Manuka tree's flowers. This tree, a New Zealand native has a short flowering period which makes the placement of hives and the timing of the harvest crucial. If done correctly, the Methylglyoxal present in the maunka honey will be much higher. Summary of UMF vs MGO Manuka Honey UMF and MGO ratings are both used to indicate the antibacterial strength of Manuka Honey. UMF is the industry standard. MGO is only used by Manuka Health New Zealand Ltd. UMF and MGO measure the strength of Manuka honey in different ways, however there is a relationship between the level of Methylglyoxal and the Non Perocide Activity (as measured by the UMF). If you would like to compare the strength of a honey from MGO to UMF or vice versa, use this calculator. You just need to enter the Methylglyoxal rating or the NPA rating (ie the UMF rating expressed as a percentage solution, for example umf 15 = 15% % solution (%w/v) of phenol/water). You can get more information and buy both UMF and MGO Manuka Honeys here.
Its glass
We sell our coffee directly to Amazon. Through economies of scale they are able to offer our coffee at competitive prices. Final pricing decisions are made by Amazon based on their numerous business considerations. We have not made any changes recent changes that would reflect on the price of our coffee.
We currently have 3 variety packs that do not have decaf coffee (Bold, Medium, Flavored). We have also stopped producing the Assorted Variety pack with decaf coffee, although this change has not completely filtered through Amazon's current inventory.
It clearly states , listed in the bullet points as #4, NOT COMPATIBLE WITH KEURIG 2.0 BREWERS!
Hi Karen, Thank you for your question. You can use the drop down menu to choose which coffee you are interested in ordering. Maple Sleigh is on the list. The image and product descriptions change to account for which individual item you have chosen.
Thank you for your question. On the production side we have stopped including decaf coffee in the Assorted Variety Pack. Amazon still has some inventory from before the time the switch was made. Our Medium, Bold and Flavored Variety Packs do not contain any decaf coffee. For any more questions, you can contact us at info@brooklynbeans.com
I only received 3 decaf and they were the decaf version of the breakfast blend!
This is not just made for Keirg. So if Mr Coffee have the standard size of kcups, then yes
No
None of the flavored coffee has sugar in it.
There are several decaf in the sampler pack. It's great coffee I think.
According to Brooklyn Bean Roastery's website, all their flavored coffees are light-roast. see: http://www.brooklynbeans.com/bbr_roasts/flavored/
If you select Maple, then you get Maple. If you select Variety Pack, you get Variety Pack.
As far as dairy products I am not sure, but it is sweet!
Very Mild!!
100% Arabica Coffee Beans and Maple Flavoring but they do not have info on site or package for nutrition, which I am assuming you are trying to determine if there are calories in the flavoring. Green Mountain Coffees do provide that info and are also available on Amazon. We buy these regularly also, although the flavors are more limited than Brooklyn Beans.
My opinion and what I have tasted they are artificial flavored.
Hi Cherry C, I belive there where atleast 30+ pcs. I order only one bag for party of 25. They are very large pcs and very pretty. I hope this helps.
How would I know? I don't mean to sound like a jerk, but I'm not Jewish, and I don't intentionally purchase kosher foods. These aren't really for chewing, they're more for decorative purposes.
I believe about 35-40
Im unsure. I bought them for a baby shower but never got the chance to chew any. Im sorry
I Can't Exactly Say But There Is A Lot Maybe 25-35
Mine is July, 2014. It is delicious!!
Is really 35.3 oz 2.2lbs 1kg So delicious
1000.744
u would have to read the exp date on the actual product.
http://www.nutellausa.com/ingredients.htm
7/15
Base plate of what? Is the jar plastic? Yes it is.
Plastic
Canada
about 1/2 pound from my recollection. My PCA LOVED it!
I am not sure. Usually Trader Joe products do not have them. You might contact the company. Sorry I can't be more definite.
We, at "Deals by TNT" ship everything for free. Other sellers charge for shiping.
We ship for free !! Deals by TNT
Not exactly sure.......but this is the information on the back of the package for the Mangos. Serving size 1/4 cup Serving per container about 5 120 calories per serving 0 calories from fat Total fat 0% saturated fat 0g trans fat 0g Cholestrerol 0mg 0% Sodium 40mg 2% Total Carbohydrate 30g 10% Dietary Fiber 1 g 4% Sugars 23g Protein less than 1g Vitamin A 4% Calcium 4% Vitamin C 0% Iron 0% Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Total Fat less than 65g Sat Fat less than 20g Cholesterol less than 300mg Sodium less than 2400mg Total Carbohydrate 300g Dietary Fiber 25g Calories per gram Fat 9 Carbohydrate 4 Protein 4 Ingredients: Mango, Sugar, Glycerin, Mango Juice, Sulfur Dioxide HOPEFULLY THIS WILL HELP YOU FIND THE INFORMATION YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!!!!!!!
It's dextrose. http://www.livestrong.com/article/274155-what-is-dextrose-in-food/ Here's a link that describes what dextrose is.
They are the normal size pixie sticks 6-8 in long....it's a stinking big amount of pixie sticks
380
A lot! This is the best price I have found anywhere on pixy stix. I do have free shipping, so that helps on the cost. It is a huge bag. I never counted but the two pound bag lasts forever. I take them to work and share them with my team.
Not a ziploc bag. Does not state origin - Just 2012 Frontier, Norway, OA. Certified organic by QAI, non-irradiated, has the USDA Organic seal.
The stuff I received was seeds
It's not from China. I believe its made in Poland or somewhere in Europe.
1.4 oz per serving (11.4 servings in a pound) at 100 calories. There are 32g carbohydrates and 0g sugar. DO NOT exceed this amount as it will have a laxative effect. Ingredients: Maltitol Syrup, Modified Food Starch, Sorbitol, Sucralose, Coconut Oil, Carnauba Wax, Natural Flavor, Caramel Color, Licorice Root Extract.
I called the fruit and nut company. For 7 pieces it's 100 calories.
I bought it as a gift for my mom whose diabetic, i would assume she knows all the rules with diabetes and she ate these? not a perfect answer, but i know this didn't affect her blood sugar...
Sorry don't stillhave the package. Pretty standard for GOOD SUGAR FREE. One of the better products.
As listed on the package it has 32g of carbohydrates. Fiber is 0 and Sugar is 0 and there is no listing for sugar alcohol. These are not diabetic friendly candy as it contains Sucralose. Warning if you have dentures or partials you can forget buying these as they are like gummy bears on steroids. They stick to your teeth and you can't remove them without using a toothbrush and lots of warm water. I only ate about 8 of them. :o(
ya know i don't have a bag on hand, they don't last long with me..ha....i waas looking for low sodium and no real sugar..but i got two different brands. both were similar, as i recall i liked the first one a little better. usually the portion is 10 of them, i think it's just to kill the urge for candy, no real nutritional value. wish i could buy them in the store as i keep forgetting to order them. the only thing they carry are black crows, but thet are loaded with sugar and sodium. just enjoy...when you get the second bag, then check it out. ha....sorry, i have had to give up so much, that seemed to be one thing i could still eat. enjoy oh yeah, the calories were like 35 or something really low...so don't worry about that part.
Not sure... Gave as gift to my dad. But it was very good according to him.
No idea on the calories. But it is 1 pound
Lycasin which is hydrogenated glucose syrup
Exactly. I don't think we can be assured of authenticity. Is it even legal to repackage a product and represent it as the original? If I were the Haribo company (or any other vendor this happens to), I would not be happy.
There is a bunch !!!!!
Can't say the exact amount but you get a good bargain for the quantity. It also only provides three flavors: banana, cherry and Green Apple.
I didn't count, but the 165 piece bucket says it weighs 3.08 lbs so if I did the math correctly there should be about 275 pieces. Hope that helps.
Tastier
Unfortunately, I only read the comment about having 102 pieces in this package, so I only ordered 1. My 1 lb order actually only had 62 pieces!
They do no contain whole/partial nuts if that is what you are asking, but they are made in a processing plant that deals with nuts. They taste very good.
It is milk chocolate - average quality. They look like Kennedy silver dollars. Hope this helps. I don't have a package label to list ingredients otherwise.
Sorry, I don't have the bag they came in any more. They are not quality chocolate. The coins themselves are fashioned to look like US half dollar though.
Touchy Touchy. 71 pieces? I would say that there are at least that much. each coin weighs about 6grams (6 plus or minus .3-.4). 1 pound is about 453.592 grams. so that's about 75 (75.599) coins plus or minus 5. It does say that the bags are 1.2 lbs so that's 544.311 grams that's 90 (90.7185) coins. and given that each coin varies from 5.6-6.4 grams. so 71? My two cents you have worse odds with a lottery ticket or horse racing.
yes!! japanese cool items store.
9 Sticks per pack.
&#12362;&#12399;&#12424;&#12358;&#12289;Robyn! To answer your question, there's not much in this version of the popular Lotte Black Black. I do speak and read Japanese so about 1.5mg per piece. Since these is so little, it's absorbed and burnt fairly quickly... unless you are the type to get hyperactive. I recommend this gum, but if you need the extra caffeine rush try Black Black Speedy or Hard. Each of these is like 11.9mg per piece
Xylitol, non-dairy creamer (coconut oil, corn syrup solids, sodium caseinate (a milk derivative), dipotassium phosphate, contains 2% or less of each of the following: mono and diglycerides, silicon dioxide), natural and artificial flavors, stevia glycosides (sg95), salt
25
Sharon, I purchased one for 10 ounces ( 283 grams). I hope its the same one. Good luck.
Total carbs...7 grams per tablespoon.
1Tbsp serving is 1g fat, 7g carb, 0g fiber, 0g protein
So, did you want to ask a real question or just judge those who've ordered it, or bash the product??? I'd be happy to answer a legitimate question regarding this or any other product I have ordered!
Yes, it is non-gmo certified.
About 20 min stove top, or you can use your rice cooker
TruRoots produces the finest quality quinoa in partnership with organic family farmers on the high plains of the Andes in Bolivia. This tiny seed is one nature's most healthful and rejuvenating foods - delightfully sweet, fluffy and moist. Not a true grain, quinoa is closely related to spinach, chard and beets. Sprouting increases vitamin content and activates natural enzymes. TruRoots Organic Sprouted Quinoa is the perfect blend of traditional ancient wisdom and modern convenience.
Yes they are but it's always best to rinse under cold water to remove any husks of the rice/rice dust.
One serving is 1/4 cup dry, that will double in size when cooked. I used 1 cup on my first cooking which says 4 servings, thats a lot of Rice and Quinoa when cooked. It is very good left over but will limit my next cooking to the 1/4 cup because I add lots of things to mine.
I can't find any information regarding where any of the grains are grown on my package.
I haven't, I cook it on the stove top.
No eggs no soy dairy wheat peanuts tree nuts fish shellfish potatoes casein ,sulfites and sesame.pretty awesome for people with allergies my son is allergic to just about everything and he loves Enjoy life products
if i remember correctly, the ingredient lists do not have coconut as an ingredient.
No, they are in a tray.
Ingredients: Brown Pure Cane sauger, juice concentrate(grape, apple, or pear), white rice flour, date paste, expeller pressed vegetable oil(safflower oil and/or sunflower oil), light buckwheat flour, millet flour, natural rice dextrin, baking soda, salt, xanthan gum, cinnamon, vanilla, rosemary extract. No corn products... Love these cookies myself, my grandtr loves them. They are moist and sweet.
These products are allergen free. Gluten Free, Wheat Free, Dairy Free, Peanut Free, Tree Nut Free, Egg Free, Soy Free, Fish Free, Shellfish Free.
In the case we received, 2 brownie, 2 chocolate chip, 1 snicker doodle. And 1 ginger
Sorry,I don't know.
I don't remember but I know the expiration date was over a year. Each box has two pouches, my 12 month old takes about 24 ounces of milk a day, so, two pouches would cover a 4-6 week supply.
I don't know cause I sent it to China, I will tell you after I ask
I bought it on April 2013, I cannot remember the exact expiration date, maybe one years later. I am sorry for not help you because it is too long....
I'm sorry, I was a friend to help me buy, about the date, I don't know, are you sure you need so long?
the expiry date is 1st sep &#65292;2014.
Yes, it's instant cereal drink.
The writing on the carton is in a foreign language, but the best I can determine is 110 calories and 17 carbs per packet. My rheumatologist recommended Benecol chews to help reduce cholesterol, and when I saw this cereal, I thought it could only help. It's very good; however, it was mailed from the country of origin and the postage was pricey. I assumed it would be shipped by UPS like my chews. Hope this helps.
It's special instant cereal for high cholesterol person. It helps to reduce bad cholesterol 15% with in 2 weeks. If you drink regularly.
yes.
I do not know. They came in an amazon box and there is no writing on the packs.
80 cal 17 carbs 20 sugars
Yes
These k-cups are sold out everywhere in the USA, they had to be imported from another country, that is why they are so expensive, trust me I know, you can not find them anywhere right now and they are delicious!
IT's more of a juice, love them!
This is Santa Trading(GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. Although it differs the condition of flight schedule,customs and so on, it usually take 3-4 weeks to receive the product by standard shipping. The EMS shipping takes around 7 days. We are very happy with hearing your voice and looking forward to serving you again in the future.Have a good day.
Hi, this is Santa Trading(GBI). It depemds on where do you live. It usually will take 3-4 weeks to receive the product by standard shipping from Japan. Also, it differs according to condition in flight schedule or customs. Thank you for your question and we are looking forward to serving you again in the future. Hava a good day!
Yup, but delivery time should take about 20-35 days for your location.
For the first few days I had mine, I had it hanging. I made a hanger from some nylon cord. It looked great like that and ultimately I plan to have it hanging in my front window. Right now I have it in a clear glass bowl with pebbles in the bottom. It looks rather nice like that also. I have seen people take decorative plates and use the xerographica as a centerpiece. Some people get a nice wooden wreath, set the plant in it, and display it on the wall. There's lots of great ways to show off this awesome plant! A quick search on the Internet shows that some people are attaching it to larger bits of driftwood, putting it inside clear glass containers, using regular planters (without the soil, of course), attaching it to a wall or fence, or just sitting it on a shelf. Hope this helps! I really enjoy my xerographica and would recommend it!
It's a silvery green; the one I rec'd was about 6 inches across. Beautiful plant! Follow watering instructions and don't mist it very often - can lead to rot from water sitting by the center of the plant. Deb
As I understand it, this type of bromeliad can handle bright light like on a windowsill but not direct sunlight. I keep mine in a living room that has medium light since I keep the shades drawn on 1 side. Like I said in my review I'm crossing my fingers ot see whether I can keep this alive - it's my first airplant, along with a Medussa I bought at the same time...
I don't know if it will survive in cold climates. I keep mine in my indoor covered patio which is pretty warm in the summer but could get cold during winter...maybe in the 40's. But my plant has not gone thru winter yet. I got mine end of February and so far it is doing very well. I soak it in water for about half an hour once a week.
I've had mine for about a year, it is now the size of a Cantelope. They are fairly slow growing, when I got it, it was about 3/4 of what it is now.
No The white on the plant is the from the trichomes, little white hair like structures. The plant is always light greenish white. It will be more green after watering.
I don't know but it is a great plant.Mine is about the size of a 8 " dinner plate
Yes....but not direct. Early morning maybe but not hot evening direct.
I put it on a saucer like wooden dish & slightly loosened up its leaves. I follow the spritzing instructions for watering & feed in the kitchen sink. Turn it upside down for awhile & then put it back on its dish. It is thriving & garners me many compliments.
i wish she would have waited sending mine in the dead of the snow storm no warmth for three and a gift also i said i would pay extra well no answer i think this should be replaced.
There are no artificial ingredients at all, just buttermilk solids and whey.
Serving size= 3Tbsp. Total carbs= 11g
Based on the label, a 3 tbsp serving has 90 calories and 15mg of cholesterol and 1.5g of fat. The label also says that 3 cups powder plus 3.75 quarts of water makes 1 gallon liquid buttermilk.
You need 3 Tbsp of powder if your recipe calls for 1 Cup buttermilk. Mix the powder in with all the dry ingredients, then add a scant cup water (about 15 Tbsp) when your recipe calls for the buttermilk to be added. (This is based on the package's unhelpful insructions of how to make a whole gallon of buttermilk!) Hope that helps.
It is made from Buttermilk ... less water...must be pasteurised ... no mention of Grass Fed Dairy Cows ... only from Wisconsin.
I use this primarily to make homemade ranch dressing, using 2% milk as the liquid. It works great! Have never tried this with skim milk, but would assume you would have a similar outcome.
It seems to be about 1 year from the manufacture date. My tub expires in 8/15.
115 mg sodium per 3 tbs serving
I highly doubt it
Per back of jar 1.5 g(2%) per 3 teaspoons.
The ones I received were about the size (circumference) of a golf ball, you may want to ask the seller though for sure.
I suggest you go to this link for more specifics about air plants.http://www.airplantcity.com/care.htm
I do not know , sinca i bought for now , looks the same
They are really small. The biggest is 5 3/4 inches in diameter. Height is almost an inch. The other two are just 1/2 inch tall.
yes, no problem. What you need is some humidity, or every week, soak them in water.
Yes they look like the picture, they are small keep in mind. And they are real plants
The plants are the same & as pictured.
Yes, I will ship there if they will not.
No
.The product was shipped to me without any ice packs and is clearly marked that it must be kept under refrigeration thus the bottles exploded . They obviosly need to get their act toghether. Ihope this kis of some help.
On the cooked steak it is best. Probably would work as a marinade too but not as spectacular. You will lose the freshness of the flavors methinks
I'm not sure this is normal, but my shipment's expiration date was 2 months after I received the sauce.
Shipping to Saudi Arabia is $16.75
Hi we do ship to Germany.
Dear Kim; Thank you for your question, but we only ship within the continental USA.
Yes. Just looked on the bottle.
Yes I think it would be a great gift! The steak sauce has a bit of horseradish in it, so if he likes a steak sauce with a little kick, this would be perfect!
Peter Luger Sauce does not contain any preservatives thus this product requires to be handled as a perishable product. We at Gourmet-Food ship the bottle in an insulated box with frozen gel packs. I would not accept the bottle from any vendor unless it is shipped with cooling elements. The text the labels says should be refrigerated before and after opening.
raw... made for beautiful sprouting.
we use the sprouts for human consumption
They are edible, but they are raw. I got them for sprouting. I never even considered feeding them to birds.
Our order came as described - 100% Black Oil.
No difference that I know of. I have been using them for sprouting for months with good results.
I don't know, but I don't believe so as it's not labeled "non GMO verified." However, it is a good product so you have to decide for yourself if you want to use it. Check with the cup4cup people directly, they have a website and you can email them questions. Or, ask on their Facebook page.
I don't know how nutricious it is. I'm allergic to almonds and wheat so neither are an option for me. I've tried so many gluten free flours and Cup 4 Cup is the best! Not only does it taste like regular wheat flour, its consistency and measuring is the same which means I can use this on so many of my old cherished recipes before diagnosed with celiac.
Unsealed it seems to stay fresh for manynmonths. I bought a bunch in December and it is still good. Opened it seems to stay fresh for months also.
It's been a while but I remember getting only one box. It says 5 pouches & there are 2 slim bars in each pouch. Making it ten bars. Kinda expensive for one slim bar at 1.40 each! But they were delicious. Hope this helps....
I believe there is 5 boxes for a total of 50 bars. It is confusing I see. And I ordered this product a few years ago. Check in with other flavors, I could see the quanity better there! Hope this helps.
The shelf life is 3 years. The can I purchased had a production date of Nov 11, 2012 and an expiration date of November 10, 2015.
No, I haven't made cheese with it. However, if cheese can be made with powdered milk, then cheese made with Anchor Full Cream milk powder will be substantially better than cheese made with products available in American stores. Anchor milk is just richer and oddly fresher tasting than locally available brands. Ask the Chinese; they buy Anchor brand milk, not the sometimes poisonous stuff produced in their country.
it depends on what i am making , usually about 2tbls per cup, for tea, baking , 3tbls. , drinking straight, 3tbls per cup. like i stated, depends on whats being made. hope that helps!
Yes, here it is.Whole Milk,, Emulsifier ( Soya Lecithin ) Vitamin A, D. Hope this will help you.
On tin it says, "Anchor milk is rich and creamy and of the finest quality asNew Zealand cows feed from natural green pastures."
there is some sugar, about 36 grams, but i enjoy the benefits and convenience of the product, it has served me well.
Expiry date on product just purchased is Feb. 10, 2017.
I've noticed no change. Still very good coffee in my estimation. I believe most coffee dealers are honest with their product regarding quality. I do believe they try to fudge a bit sometimes with the quantity.
Yes, the can is metal
Hi!-I buy Kirkland coffee from Amazon on a regular basis. I'm sure the 36 oz. is just a typo. The can has 48 oz. of some of the best coffee I've ever drank. Amazon is spot on with their delivery. It only takes a couple of days. Linda
This is just regular coffee, so the answer is no. I don't know of any coffee that will disolve, other than instant which is usually extracted from brewed coffee and dried.
looking right at the can and reading. It does not say Arabica. It says 100% columbian supremo beans. No word of robusto. Its, supremo bean, dark roast, fine grind. I think its really good.
Not sure. It costs $8.99 at Costco warehouse. It seems like a really high mark up.
Hi Snyder LLC: Ask AmazonCom LLC through their 'Contact Us' page. Link functions correctly if you navigate to the 'Q&A' page for this specific question. Then, click here:
Theresa: You might have placed your order from a 3rd-party Marketplace Seller, not AmazonCom LLC. Sellers set their own prices. Some pricing is based on the PT Barnum Principle vs Caveat Emptor. Cheers!
No, but it sure is good!
Hi Snyder Gislason Frasier LLC: Ask AmazonCom LLC. See my answer to your next question.
I think at least 4 through 10 is a good estimate but I'm not 100% sure, they can be finicky to bloom though sometimes
3-4inches long and was in good condition. Bought twice from this vendors and plants have done well
I couldn't get it to grow, just died
Sorry, I don't know if it would or not. I am only familiar with the climate around Pittsburgh, PA. I would suggest contacting someone at a botanical garden in your area or in the Botany Department of your local university for an answer.
I am in the same position as you. Mine are about 1.5 years old and no flowers yet though the plants are green and growing. As long as they are doing that, I am hopeful it will be soon. Perhaps by next Spring.
Mine died within a month and I'm in PA.
Sept 2016
The price of 5 boxes (set) is $72.31 and divide by 5, it equals 14.46 a box plus shipping.
There was suppose to be 30 packs per box; however, I was charged but never received my coffee. It shows they were shipped out 12/18 by fedex. They are still trying to find out where my coffee is.
it is 99.90. I think you may be looking at different prices from different sellers. Thanks
black coffee
I like the oregano gold coffee because it does not make me feel jittery. I make about 3 cups from 1pack. I feel it helps with my breathing and constant rashes. I also think it helps my blood pressure.
Its great coffee
New York, ny
Yes, you will receive 5 boxes each containing 30 packets. Total of 150 packets. :)
I do ship to Europe. The package is about 4 pounds.
I haven't baked with coconut oil; I've fried eggs, and they are delicious. I've also fried veggies battered in egg and almond flour. I highly recommend! I've read that refined coconut oil tolerates heat differently than unrefined coconut oil.
It was glass when I got mine! Glass is better.
It should solidify at room temperature, especially indoors in the air conditioning. I wouldn't refrigerate as it's not necessary.
2. I hope this helps.
It's oil. But if u haven't tried coconut oil before, know that it is about the consistency of shortening at room temp. Any warmer than that and it turns to oil.
no, sorry I said yesterday, yes, before looking at the bottle. It is Organic Virgin Coconut Oil.
12 & 1/3" x 13" x 3"
Yes, it holds 20 pods and they don't get stuck. This is a handy little item that I'm glad I purchased!
I just looked at mine. The only suggestions I have are: Is the track that guides the tray in bent? Are the little balls that ride in the tracks sliding within the tracks properly? Other than that, I don't know what it could be.
I tried it and it really doesn't work well. Some of the cups stayed in, but most fell out. Maybe at a slight angle, but that would be weird. It is only a few inches high when flat.
i really don't know, they were a gift for a friend, i never got to see them long enough to know how long they were, Maybe six or seven inches, but that's just a guess, it could be less, sorry
Thank you for your interest in Shakespeare's Assorted Pretzel Rod Tub. Each tub is packed with 20 individual pretzel rods.
No caramel. Just chocolate.
yes
I think there were 4or5 pieces each 5 tastes. I do not remember. I see the "20ct" mark at the box. Hope it can be helpful. Sweet purchase.
No, we drink it just like coffee. It is yummy for an early morning drink.
Yes it does thank god!
Cafe Caramel Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 k-cup (15g) Amount Per Serving Calories from Fat 20 Calories 60 % Daily Values* Total Fat 2.5g 4% Saturated Fat 2.5g 12% Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 190mg 8% Total Carbohydrate 9g 3% Dietary Fiber 0g 0% Sugars 7g Protein 1g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 2% Iron 0% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Information for this food was submitted to the FatSecret food database by member sweetsteph on 03 Sep 12. Is this information inaccurate or incomplete? Click here to edit. 3% of RDI* (60 calories) 3% of RDI Calorie Breakdown: Carbohydrate (58%) Fat (36%) Protein (6%) * Based on a RDI of 2000 calories What is my Recommended Daily Intake (RDI)? Photos + Submit Photo Cafe Caramel Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 k-cup (15g) Amount Per Serving Calories from Fat 20 Calories 60 % Daily Values* Total Fat 2.5g 4% Saturated Fat 2.5g 12% Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 190mg 8% Total Carbohydrate 9g 3% Dietary Fiber 0g 0% Sugars 7g Protein 1g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 2% Iron 0% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Information for this food was submitted to the FatSecret food database by member sweetsteph on 03 Sep 12. Is this information inaccurate or incomplete? Click here to edit. 3% of RDI* (60 calories) 3% of RDI Calorie Breakdown: Carbohydrate (58%) Fat (36%) Protein (6%) * Based on a RDI of 2000 calories What is my Recommended Daily Intake (RDI)? Photos + Submit Photo 7Grams Sugar,60 Calories, 9 Carbs. They are delicious!
Taste good
I like this better. Order a sample to see what your taste buds tell you. :-)
Contains milk, sugar, creamer,caramel color, non-fat milk, instant coffee,sucralose, mod food starch, natural and artificial flavor.
This site has over 70 recipes for just coconut flour: http://thecoconutmama.com/2014/01/coconut-flour-recipes/
Nutiva has a non-GMO policy in place, but there is always the possibility of cross pollination. They make every effort to avoid GMOs. Here is a quote from their website: "Currently GMO crop pollens are blown across fields and often cross-pollinate non-GMO crops. To date the agricultural biotech industry has not taken responsible measures to deal with this situation. Due to our concern, Nutiva established a non-GMO audit trail to reduce the chances that Nutiva products may contain genetically modified organisms."
No, not exactly one for one. Coconut flour requires more liquid and I let my mixture sit awhile longer to let it absorb that liquid or else the product - muffins, pancakes, breads is too dry. You can find recipes on the internet for the coconut flour variety of whatever you wish to bake.
It would probably give you a really weird texture. It absorbs liquid. I use it in small amounts for baking
Use arrowroot. this does not change the flavor. I'd be afraid the coconut flour will make the stew sweeter, unless this is what you want. The answer to the question is yes.
My understanding is that the powder is made from the milk, while the flour is made from the meat.
yes you indeed could! it's very finely granulated coconut
Ihave used the coconut flour mixed with garbanzo flour and seasoning to fry chicken & pork chops and also steak!
Yes, don't use a lot though, coconut flour is highly absorbant.
At the time I purchased this, it was the only size that was listed for sale, but if you get on the company's web page there may be other options.
I repackaged it into a zip lock shortly after purchase and do not recall. I apologize that I cannot be of assistance.
Nutiva has only non-GMO certified products. Check their website, there is a great deal of information about their GMO policy.
I would call Amazon directly about that as would be dependent upon what they have to ship.
I think coconut itself is classified as a nut. If you are allergic I would not risk it unless you contact the company
It comes in one single 25 lb bag. I had some large tupperware containers i've used for years and just separated the flour into those. HTH!
I'm not completely sure, but the company that sells them is located in Chicago, IL. Here is their website: http://www.lypcproducts.com/
Unfortunately no.
Yes, there is a lock and key on top that works great
It is a standard machine but i got mine through j.c. penny's.
I can only speak to what i have put in it which is a american quarter.
yes it will and they sell stands. I have 2 I no longer use scottmcpherson0 at gmail dot com if interested.
Yes it does.. It comes with attachments that accepts plastic toy capsules and other types of candy.
No it will not. It only takes quarters.
Yes it can. It comes with other attachments.
Yes and it was easy to take the coin mechanism apart to allow free spin so the family doesn't have to find quarters
I think the flavor is much much more faint than coconut oil. I also use bulletproof coffee and there is a huge difference in flavor when using this compared to regular coconut oil. With that said, while this does provide energy like coconut oil I did not feel it had the same appetite control properties as coconut oil. And because of that I'm sticking with my coconut oil.
There was no leaking for me when it arrived.
Nowhere on the bottle does it say ORGANIC.....so I would say no.
I went to another site to have a look at the label. It appears to be made of coconut only and not a combination of palm and coconut as some others are. I am trying it.
The bottle is brown plastic.
No, it is shelf stable.
Cesar, standardized to 95% !! MCT.
I believe they have an outdated picture on Amazon. If you go to the Swanson Vitamins website, which is the company that makes it, their picture of the bottle shows 95% standardized.
The label doesn't say exactly the percentage breakdown on Lauric Acid on its own, it's lumped in the with Caprylic and Capric. The label lists "Medium Chain Triglycerides (caprylic acid, capric acid, lauric acid)" as 4.75g per 1 tsp/5 mL serving.
It seems like there are different prices from different sellers. Taking that in consideration, that could be the reason.
unknown.....not on label
Hey Rob I have this at home and it doesnt have a bitter taste. Ive made toothpaste with it and it is fine to me :) good luck
Hello Moseley, I found the following information on line at: http://www.ehow.com/how_2268348_substitute-stevia-sugar-baking.html Here is a Stevia conversion chart: 1 Tsp Stevia (powered)=1 Cup Sugar 1 Tsp Stevia (liquid)=1 Cup Sugar 1/2 Tsp Stevia=1 Tbsp Sugar 6 Drops liquid Stevia=1 Tbsp Sugar A pinch of Stevia=1 Tsp sugar 2 drops liquid stevia=1 Tsp sugar The bulk or consistency that sugar normally would add can be replaced with applesauce, fruit puree, canned pumpkin, fruit juice, yogurt, or any ingredient that will taste right with your recipe and add moisture. For everyone cup of sugar that is replaced by stevia 1/4 to 1/2 a cup of the bulk should be added Hope this helps :-) Eva Louise
Organic 101: Can GMOs Be Used in Organic Products? Posted by Miles McEvoy, National Organic Program Deputy Administrator, on May 17, 2013 at 1:20 PM This is the thirteenth installment of the Organic 101 series that explores different aspects of the USDA organic regulations. The use of genetic engineering, or genetically modified organisms (GMOs), is prohibited in organic products. This means an organic farmer can't plant GMO seeds, an organic cow can't eat GMO alfalfa or corn, and an organic soup producer can't use any GMO ingredients. To meet the USDA organic regulations, farmers and processors must show they aren't using GMOs and that they are protecting their products from contact with prohibited substances, such as GMOs, from farm to table. Organic operations implement preventive practices based on site-specific risk factors, such as neighboring conventional farms or shared farm equipment or processing facilities. For example, some farmers plant their seeds early or late to avoid organic and GMO crops flowering at the same time (which can cause cross-pollination). Others harvest crops prior to flowering or sign cooperative agreements with neighboring farms to avoid planting GMO crops next to organic ones. Farmers also designate the edges of their land as a buffer zone where the land is managed organically, but the crops aren't sold as organic. Any shared farm or processing equipment must be thoroughly cleaned to prevent unintended exposure to GMOs or prohibited substances. All of these measures are documented in the organic farmer's organic system plan. This written plan describes the substances and practices to be used, including physical barriers to prevent contact of organic crops with prohibited substances or the products of "excluded methods" such as GMOs. On-site inspections and records verify that farmers are following their organic system plan. Additionally, certifying agents conduct residue testing to determine if these preventive practices are adequate to avoid contact with substances such as prohibited pesticides, antibiotics, and GMOs. Any certified organic operation found to use prohibited substances or GMOs may face enforcement actions, including loss of certification and financial penalties. However, unlike many pesticides, there aren't specific tolerance levels in the USDA organic regulations for GMOs. As such, National Organic Program policy states that trace amounts of GMOs don't automatically mean the farm is in violation of the USDA organic regulations. In these cases, the certifying agent will investigate how the inadvertent presence occurred and recommend how it can be better prevented in the future. For example, they may require a larger buffer zone or more thorough cleaning of a shared grain mill. USDA supports all methods of agriculture production, including organic, conventional, and biotechnology. To help these different methods coexist better, USDA has convened an Advisory Committee on Biotechnology and 21st Century Agriculture ("AC21"). Organic stakeholders are well-represented on AC21. Recent recommendations from the Advisory Committee are currently being implemented by USDA agencies. Consumers purchase organic products expecting that they maintain their organic integrity from farm to market, and USDA is committed to meeting these expectations. No matter where it was grown, if a product has the USDA Organic label on it, it wasn't produced with GMOs. - See more at: http://blogs.usda.gov/2013/05/17/organic-101-can-gmos-be-used-in-organic-products/#sthash.2NIDYEcl.dpuf
it is guaranteed fresh untill march 2014 but is packed for freshness for longer storage if unopened, must keep in cool dark area to store well. once open product must be used within a reasonable amount of time. I do hope this helps.
this is pure a little bitter to the taste.
I don't think it is processed, but I don't feel the bitter taste when I use it.
There is quite a lot, I didn't actually measure out by the teaspoon, but there is at least a cup and a half of powder, maybe more. You can find converters on the net for grams to oz or lbs., but not to teaspoons, sorry.
The label reads that it is non-irradiated, certified organic stevia powder. There is no mention of dextrose anywhere on the package.
They contain only spray dried whole eggs and nothing more. That's according to the label, and their website. So if sodium silico aluminate is not in whole eggs, then it's not in this jar.
Yes, it can be replaced for reg. eggs in baking. I don't notice any difference in taste in bake goods. Some people even reconstitute them and make scrambled eggs, I have not done this. I really like this product.
The company told me it was a "best by" date of one year from purchase. But it is usually good for a few years if properly sealed. I wouldn't recommend this as a food storage item because both jars I received were not sealed. I would recommend another supplier.
I just got back from Yosemite. I found it easier to control the consistency of the egg by actually cooking it instead of rehydrating MRE-style. It's easy to make a thick egg liquid, but cooking firmed it up. That being said, my MSR Whisperlite isn't good at simmering, so I just ended up mixing the egg powder in with the morning oatmeal and it tasted just fine without the egg sticking all over the pot.
I use 1:1 not matter what and it works great.
I had probs too!...BUY the other brand, the recipe proportions are PERFECT, you'd never know that my scrambled eggs were not real...try OVA EASY!
The seal was an aluminum foil backed tamper evident seal under the screw on lid. Hope this helps, the product is fresh and quite tasty and I often use it in recipes that call for whole eggs too!
The supplier says it has a one year shelf life, officially, but is usually fine for a much longer period of time if kept in a cool, dry place. Make sure your seal is in tact upon arrival and if it isn't, let them know, they will replace it. There is no expiration date on the container that I have, though. They are very good at communicating in a timely manner, so if you contact them, you can expect a prompt reply and quick resolution to any concerns.
This powdered egg mix works well in things like Caesar Salad. We have not measured the volume of the container, but it appears that there are about 3 cups of powdered egg mixture per container. Since there are 16 TBSP's per cup and it takes 2 TBSP's to yield on egg equivalent, a container will yield about 24 eggs equivalent. Ciao!
In the product information further down the page it states, "One pound Whole Powdered Eggs will make forty-eight eggs."
The package lists "Refinery syrup", (which is actually high fructose corn syrup) as the first ingrdient. All powderd, granulated, honey crystal products on the market are basically dried corn syrup with only 5 to 7 % honey.
ingredients: Powdered Honey (sugar, Honey)
The container doesn't list the calories or any nutritional information. Normal 12oz liquid honey averages 60 calories per serving. Sorry...I wish I could be more help.
French Roast: Boldest of the three, with a bit more acidity than I care for. It's a fairly standard French Roast, so neither as intense nor as bitter as Italian Roast or espresso. Needs 6 ounces or less of water brewed through it to hold its intensity of flavor, though. Java Love is your typical Colombian style coffee and Breakfast Blend is mainly an even weaker version of that mixed with another roast. Neither is strong enough to be called coffee, in my opinion, when using even 6 ounces of water brewed through a standard K-Cup brewer.
K-cups. I am assuming to avoid a plastic taste they use that paper like filter. The coffee is very good. One of my favorites.
I would guess so, but I DO know that the family that packages this product publishes their contact info on the box so you can ask questions. I have met the Rogers family and they are really great folks. And this coffe is delicious. We are coffee snobs, and think this coffee tastes better than coffee selling for twice or three times the price.
Sorry, I am not familiar with the Vue-cup. My guess would be if it converts a K-cup to what you need then it should work fine.
Not unless your machine can use the "K" style cups.
it is 4.5 inches by tapemeasure....
No, it is not.
no
"Pork, sugar, water, Korean inspired seasoning (sugar, toasted sesame seeds, tamari gluten free soy sauce [fermented soy beans and salt], natural flavor), brown sugar, gluten free soy sauce (water, soybeans, salt, may contain rice), contains 2% or less: salt, chili powder (red pepper, salt), sesame oil. In 1 oz there are 90 calories, 360 mg sodium, 10 grams sugars, 8 grams protein.
I just bought this exact same thing (Korean BBQ Pork jerky 14.5 oz) at my local Costco, and paid $11.99. I bought two bags. The first was so very tender, like the sample I had at the store. The second bag is tougher, (probably thicker) more like beef jerky, but still so delicious!
It doesn't have a GF in a circle label. But only says gluten free on the front. Ingredients don't include gluten. They use Tamari gluten free soy sauce.
If you check the site of the maker: www.goldenislandjerky.com, their answer is "no." "Is your Jerky all natural? GIJ: We make a variety of products including our natural line that is made with 100% natural ingredients with no added preservatives. That means no nitrates, nitrites, fillers or added MSG in our jerky." Please interpret their answer as you wish. I just eat this stuff with gusto and a beverage!
I think it means because its actual strips of meat, as opposed to jerky that's been pressed into a sheet. Either way, it's ridiculously delicious, and I highly, HIGHLY recommend it. Just be careful; it's easy to go thru an entire package in one day
The top of the package says "Product of USA", and on the back it says it's made by Formosa Meat Co. which is based in Rancho Cucamonga, California.
The package says "Product of USA". The company is in California. I do NOT see the word "imported" (which would mean it comes from outside the USA) any place on the package.
It is moist -- not as hard and chewy as dry beef jerky, but it is chewy
It says so in the description.
Plastic container, black colored.
Label indicates it is a product of the Philippines. Label indicates it is organic and certified Kosher.
It's a 2: HDPE
No it does not and it's powerful stuff!
Excellant product highly recommend ! virgin coconut oil
That's exactly what I got when I ordered these
16x12x6 or larger, with packing bubbles or paper
REGULAR
I've noticed a bit of a difference in the materials and thickness but nothing that affects the performance of the brewing process.
A "blend" has at least 10% of that named kind of bean. The other 90% is any kind of arabica bean. Arabica refers to a general classification of beans (the other is the peaberry) which makes up most any coffee you will drink. Think of arabica as milk - its all a matter of where it comes from and how its processed.
Has a less acidic yet full bodied taste. We prefer the taste of the Kona Blend. It has a more robust flavor without the acidic after effects.
Yes, in Wisconsin. For more info try here~&gt; http://www.cazatrail.com/contact.html
As far as I know they work in all Keurig. K cups are made for Keurig machine except for one model in which states that you must Oder from them
I cut one open to find out. Yes, it has a paper filter and was filled with ground coffee, not instant.
For the same reason you don't want to pick it up...
Yes tho not as dark roast as some. I like it very much
Yes they do nicely.
No, sorry, it does not...
Yes, I find this brand stronger than Green Mountain. Hope this helps! :)
I'm sorry I look at the box and did not see it. It is a light coffee and I could drink it all day, so it has to be very light. Sorry I couldn't get you the exact number.
I can not see any nutritional information on the boxes sorry
Reg. Caza Trail didn't work well in my Keurig, not sure about Pumpkin
There was no soy listed but I don't know if it is prepared in a facility that handles soy. It tastes like a milk shake.
No must be spoiled. Sloghtly thicker than milk
12 bottles in a case.
Saunders website states it is 48 pieces
The one I got last month has a narrative strip and at the end it states Best by January, 2015. So, that is where you should look when yours arrives. It's the best!
Yes the caramel is definitely chewy and not soft and gooey! Really good quality caramel IMO.
A serving size is 2 pieces weighing in at 1.4 ounces and there are 36 ounces in a jar. They are a good size and very filling. They are the BEST caramels I've ever eaten!
My order was the same, but it did not diminish the flavor and quality.
No
Well, its been over a year since I ate these delicious little morsels; but, my guess lots of chocolate, sugar, and a little sea salt.
I'd say yes. They're not that soft. They're pretty sturdy as far as chocolates go...
70
I haven't counted, but it seem like 40 or 50.
The dried peppers I have did not have seeds.
Yes, the seeds seem to be intact. Just make sure they are dried (they should already be upon arrival). I have planted some already. Waiting for them to germinate.
I'm not sure but these are amazing!
Nope. Mine were double bagged and dehydrated. Just like the description says.
Yes, they are well preserved. Not all dried out and nasty and hotter than hell!!!
You can try but I would not reccomend it.
Hello, they are whole peppers with the seeds inside. I am not sure of the quality of them for planting. worth a shot for the price if you cant find just the seeds anywhere else.
The "mother" is the cloudy bits at the bottom
Glass bottle.
I don't know but I do know it works as well as Bragg's.
I am selling full fill by Amazon. Please ask amazon on this.
This is a raw product, that is both unpasturized & unfiltered. Because of the lack of processing the amount of mother has not been measured. Likewise, one would have to have both brands in his or her possession in order to compare.
The bottle says "manufactured for" VitaCost. I don't see a country listed on bottle so will assume it is US.
You can get single packets of the soup at Walmart for less than $3.00. I don't know how many packs in a case but at this price for a single packet, I would look elsewhere.
Just one. It is a bit pricey. I found the same soup on Cugino's website for $3.99.
I'm not absolutely certain but I think it was either 5 or 6.
They DID NOT FIT my K155 Office Pro, so it probably won't fit yours.
yes, sometimes i get some coffee grinds in the cup. Use paper filters solves the problem.
I do. It also works with tea and cocoa.
Yes. It works perfect with my Mr. Coffee model BVMC-KG5. The filter works perfect and never leaks. The fit is snug. You will find this out when you close the lid. You will have to push it down firmly with your thumb and will top of the coffee brewer will snap/click in place.
Yes, it will work on the BVMC-KG2. If you go to the Ekobrew website,(Brew and Save same company) your brewer is listed as being compatible.
I have the elite k45 and I use these pretty regularly. They fit the machine like a glove. You don't have to to use filters but I would recommend using filters. I've found the results to be much tastier and without ground residue in my coffee when I use the ekobrew filters. After the initial investment in both, you will save a lot of money on kcups. Also, they're even easier to clean when a filter is in play.
I am using it with my 45 Elite. It works like a charm. And it is holding up-I drink a lot of coffee.
we bought paper filters for ekobrew which fit these refillables on our keurig and cuisinart single serve; there are also other paper filters and it will say on the description whether or not they fit the single serve brewers where these refillables are used. Hope this helps.
loose tea will work eiter from bag or box!
Not really, to place the cup into the brew cup the tabs has to go up and down as pulling back the puncture point and when closing you will get a message you do not have the proper brew cup, if you are patient and lower you will finally get a message to dispense hot water. I have found this can happen also with the cups which the brewer claims is not the proper one. It appears Keurig and Green Mountain has had some lawsuits against them for these reasons.
Ingredients are...wild blueberries, sugar, sunflower oil.
Nope they taste almost exactly like regular blueberries. They're great for baking.
They are not completely dry and taste better than alternatives. I do not work for the grower nor distributor, so I cannot directly answer your question. What I do know is they are considered "wild" blueberries, which - after a 20 sec Google - gives this definition: http://www.wildblueberries.com/news/faqs.php
Yes, it is a gluten free product.
I'm the worst person to ask, because I never cook for a crowd. However, the people to ask are the makers of Albers themselves. See if the brand doesn't have a website. I'll bet they do and you can contact them. Enjoy!
No, I boil water and then add the grits, and then bring that to a boil stirring for about 3 minutes. Then I turn fire down and cook with top on for about 15 minutes.
yes
Not on mine, the top is sealed to container, so I'll have to buy a new one when empty.
It is not as salty as table salt or sea salt. I'm not sure the color matters. I'll think it's where it's from and that it has so many added nutrients.
I believe all salt contains some iodine, but iodine is not "added" to this salt like in regular table salt.
I don't recall ever seeing an expiration date on any of the salt I've ever bought. My guess would be if you are storing it inside somewhere and it is not in the extreme heat, it would be "a LONG time" before it would get bad....I'm not sure it ever would. I have never had one in my house last more than a year.
I looked at the bottle to see what it said and they don't list it at all and I also looked at the regular salt container and seen it listed. I know that they say regular salt is processed and that I read that because they process it that regular salt is not what it used to be any more. The reason why I brought this salt it is suppose to be processed in a different way but better where it is all natural and that it is suppose to balance out your body. All I know is that a very small sprinkle will go along way for favor as you can't use it like regular salt so you have to be careful on how much you put on as the favor is nice and it is strong but in a good way. The rest is for knowing about iodine you will have to do more research into that as it is not listed on the bottle itself.
Hello K F. Thank you for your question. This is for a box of 500 grams of Calissons. There are approximately 38 calissons inside each box. At French My World, we ship via FedEx Express and all orders are delivered within 2-5 business days. These calissons are shipped directly from France, therefore, ensuring you the freshest date of production. Choose French My World at your next checkout and we will deliver the best service and customize to your wishes. Have a very wonderful day!
It is not documented but I think there must be gluten in it. So please avoid. Hope it will help.
38
Hello again K F. This specific variety of calissons come in the paper (more like a cardboard box) rather than the tin. I can check to see if the tin variation is available, I'd have to check for the price and amount available. Back to the paper box, the picture shown is the product to be received as a square box. The diamond-shaped presentation is unfortunately not available and we are unable to modify that picture from this listing. Feel free to let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks again : )
No expiration date listed
1.4 oz
I have no clue but, you can contact the Tea Company, TEALUX.COM/STORE at 1-888-9TEALUX and direct the question to them!
3.5 oz per bag
Package says 3.5 oz net weight and 3.7 oz gross weight, and that's for 1 bag. 100% organic green tea.
This is not the finest tea ceremony grade. It is more for making matcha lattes. I don't know officially what the grade is. It is very high quality, though, a nice bright green and makes delicious lattes. I use about one teaspoon, whisk it with the chasen whisk in a small amount of soy milk, add sugar, ice and a pinch of salt. Then fill the rest of the glass with soy milk.
I'm pretty sure it's from Japan. their delivery office is located in Japan, and their US office is located in CA where I think it is packaged for US distribution. The quality is really good especially for the price you pay. I purchased another tea that was claimed to be pure japanese matcha green tea, but it turned out to be just regular green tea powder, the color wasn't bright green and was not as smooth and was also much bitter than matcha, and it definitely came from another Asian country, I forget where exactly. I still drink it and use it for baking recipes, don't want to waste it :)
I believe it was 2012 . But it does not matter. What matters is it's got tons of Steel filings. I will shortly do a video and post it on you tube. Also, you can do the same , Pour a small quantity of tea on a blank sheet. Then move a magnet over and see how the tea moves with it. Now rub the magnet on the fine powder tea and notice tea clumps stick. just take a bowl of water and dip in it and notice tea mixes with water and very small filings of steel sticks to the edge of the magnet.
Mine says best if used before January 2015
My order contained two packages
Japan
This is the "regular" grade.
I did and ordered. You can research it too.
They send you a thank you card that says "from a dedicated family of farmers in Kyoto" but does not tell us the name of farm in Japan. Good question?
I am not so sure about the difference in grades, but I can tell you to be careful to buy 100% matcha. Several brands of matcha actually have brown rice fillers. This brand (Ryu Mei) is one of my favorites but a tad expensive (I drink matcha every day). Mighty Leaf Tea makes a more reasonable priced matcha.
I believe this is 3 ounces in the bag.
Hi Stephanie, This product is way superior to DoMatcha. You get way more for your buck and it is a lot fresher. I highly recommend you buy this over DoMatcha.
no, just a dark yummy french roast
Yes..it's the same
French roast only
No this is 96 count of one coffee
28, 29, to 53 depending on which one. Question is not relevant or specific
Yes...very professionally and quickly.
Yes, I haven't done it before but glanced... 45 min in the oven...
120 mg total. One of LYFE Kirchen principles is providing complete meals as low in sodium as possible.
It is made in China, shows it on the bottom of the box. I'm returning it as I was led to believe it was made in the USA from the other answer. I'll try and post a picture.
nope. what I do is to press the tea leaves against the pot walls with spoon to remove the moisture and dispose the remaining pulp. the pot wall is thin so it does not give me enough confidence to do it casually. So I do it with caution. Please check my recent review for more info on this
Yes. There are no moving parts and the cup is made of glass so milk should be fine
as long as the powderd tea desolves I think it should be fine
No.
I do not think you can and I definitely would not try to do so. It handles hot water quite well, but it is not built for setting it on the stove top.
I can't say i've tried it, but its entirely glass otherwise, so i can't imagine why not.
Definitely, that is why I got it for.
yes, all stainless steel and glass
Perfect, that's what I'm using it for!
I don't get the leaves out at all. I just keep adding water to it throughout the day - the way Chinese drink tea!
I believe so. It is glass
No not recommended
I did not pay attention to it when I got it. Cannot find any information on the body of the pot either. Sorry:(
Only if you have the adaptor. I have seen them available on the San Francisco Bay Coffee (Rogers Family) website. http://www.rogersfamilyco.com/ It is called the "Freedom Clip".
Good Afternoon, My name is Mayra Flores, an employee at Rogers Family Coffee Company, the manufacturer for these San Francisco Bay products. In response to your question, we only have our San Francisco Bay Espresso Roast in a box as large as a 36ct. If you have any more questions and/or concerns regarding our products please contact me at mflores@rogersfamilyco.com and reference your original amazon question, so that I can better assist you. Thank You and have a great day
Yes, It can be used just like any other K-cup.
I have not experienced this either and it works just fine for me.
I don't think so. I believe that machine uses a different style pod.
I have not used ththe expressor roast. Try to use small serving size
This would be for the 8/10 oz size.
May not. The ad for the Keurig 2.0 350 says to use k-cups with a white, gray, or lavender outer ring; it also says "some" older k-cups may not work in the 2.0 brewer. I didn't even know there were two different k-cup styles. If the older k-cups do not work in your 350, the SF Bay coffee cup may not work either. I've had my Keurig for approx. one year...I don't know the model but it accepts SF Bay cup....I hope SF Bay doesn't change their cup style!!!! The only thing I can say is to check out the two types of K-cups....good luck
If the regular K-cups fit, then these will also
Yes, you can purchase those through Amazon and directly through the Nespresso website. Those pods (called "capsules") are compatible with the nespresso machines & are only sold under the Nespresso brand. K-cups (San Francisco Bay Coffee & others) are larger & don't fit into that machine.
Since there is no traditional plastic cup that you would ordinarily see in Kcups, I would imagine that they are bpa free, but it doesn't say on the packaging.
As I just had this coffee twenty minutes ago, I would say it is more like a mild/moderate coffee with a light hazelnut flavor.
yes / they put an adapter in the package
Sorry, I thought this was for a different question.
I have not experienced that problem. I've had this brand about 5X now and all bags were fine.
The one I buy is espresso, this picture says Hazelnut Creme... So maybe it's the flavoring! Each one is different.
just ground coffee as far as i know. its great
A bit sweeter than I expected, but overall pretty good. Smooth, and tasted great hot and over ice. I'm planning on reordering just trying to drink down my other flavors first
Not sure
Yes, coffee comes with a special adapter for your model. It comes in the box with the coffee.
Yes. Try them!
No, this is a medium roast. It has excellent flavor but no bitter notes.
It is. My husband, however likes very bold coffee and he does not find this bold enough for him. I, too, like bold coffee and this is perfect for me. This coffee has a rich distinct flavor all it's own; delightful!
Yes they will.
Yes I have had them both. Drink this brand daily!
Unfortunately, these do not have the Keurig print on the top label, so they will not work in the Keurig 2.0 model.
No. It didn't come in our order, but we don't need it.
Yes, what you describe is what I like too, and in my opinion this decaf is just like that. Of course, taste varies from person to person, so I can only give you my personal opinion.
Bob! this is what OCC says: "We have discovered a natural process that uses only water, yet results in an excellent tasting coffee - something that is difficult to achieve with water process coffees. With this method, the green beans are soaked in a hot water bath, releasing the caffeine, and most of the natural flavors and oils. The water, containing at this point the main essences of the beans themselves (caffeine, flavors, and oils) is then transferred to another tank, where the caffeine is removed from the rest of the components via carbon filters. Then, the water, still containing the flavors and oils of the bean, is added back to the tank containing the beans, where the beans re-absorb their original oils and flavors, without the caffeine." See their website for more info. Also, their Customer Support staff is excellent and very responsive. Mike
I hadn't thought of this (I should have). Let's ask the company. Their website is www.HoosierHillFarm.com
I can't tell if it is or not from the label. You might try to write to the company at www.hoosierhillfarm.com to inquiry. Good Luck.
Hoosier Hill's is based in Fort Wayne, Indiana (in the north-eastern corner of Indiana). As far as I know, the only nuts/seeds processed by Hoosier Hills are pumpkin seeds and chia seeds. Probably best if you contact Hoosier Hills directly at their e-mail address: csr@hoosierhillfarm.com
It is not the same as brewers yeast. It is used by people that have gone vegan and is a nutritional yeast. The label says, This nutritional yeast is a rich source of B-complex vitamins and can easily be added to a number of meals and drinks. Sprinkle on popcorn, salads, soups and casseroles for a boost of nutrients. Try adding a tablespoon to your morning cereal, smoothies or juice for an extra healthy start to the day. Each serving contains 8 grams of protein and a number of vitamins and minerals. Nutritional Facts: (16g), Cal. 70, Cal. from Fat 10, Fat 1g (2%DV), Cholest. 0g, Fiber 4g (16%DV), Protein 8g, Sodium 11mg (0% DV), Sugar 0g,*Percent Daily Values (DV) are based on 2,000 calorie diet. Ingredients: Inactive Dried Yeast, Niacin (B3), Pyridoxine Hydrochloride (B6), Riboflavin (B2), Thiamin Hydrochloride (B1), Folic Acid and Vitamin B12. I hope this helps you. Mrs. H
Since the label does say there is substantial Vit B-12 in this product it folows it MUST be fortified with B12. Nutritional yeast is often used by vegans & vegetarians who sometimes need B12 supplementation their diets with vitamin B12. The yeast colonies cannot produce B12, which is only naturally produced by bacteria. Some brands of nutritional yeast, including this one are fortified with vitamin B12. When fortified, the vitamin B12 is produced separately (commonly cyanocobalamin) and then added to the yeast.
I just use it to sprinkle over dishes or add to recipes. It usually is not called for in the recipe so I couldn't even say what a "serving" is. It lasts me a long time though.
widemouth plastic jar
It had a "best if used by" date that was over a year out. You will probably have to contact the company to get any additional info beyond that.
I will check and answer again tonight. I can say I have never had any go bad. It is wonderful sprinkled on popcorn!
Not that I can tell
Prices fluctuate. If you shop on Amazon long enough, you'll find that prices for certain item categories (like physical books) are more stable than others (like personal electronics). It almost certainly wasn't a straight shoot from $17 to $28. The price probably rose and dropped, rose and dropped, before eventually reaching $28.00. And it's possible that the $17 price listing was from another vendor than the $28 price listing. $17 sounds awful low for this product. I'm guessing the $17 price was from a third party--not shipped and sold directly by Amazon. Marketplace sellers will sometimes lower the item price to draw customers in, only to raise the shipping and handling to more than compensate for the subtotal deduction. Keep an eye on the price--check it every day. In my experience, if the price reached $17 once, it probably will again. But it might take a few more months to get there.
Yes
Mine came with an expiration date for over a year.
I keep the big tub in the refrigerator for freshness but I usually leave a small container with about a weeks worth it out on the counter
Hi! This Is sold in a hard plastic container. Hope this helps :-)
The Chia Company doesn't advertise their seeds as being organic, however, they do say their seeds are are ripened under the sun and are chemical free.
I looked it up 1kg is equivalent to 2.2046226218487756 pounds so that would be 35.2 ounces
I only used this brand once. I didn't notice anything, but really wasn't paying close attention. I normally order the Navitas brand and have no compliants with that product. Here's hoping you're wrong, but...
Yes I used it for my healthy fat pumpkin mouse! Mix with coconut milk and add pumpkin spices then coconut flakes and maybe raw nuts
I believe it was six or eight.
No. this container does not have a certification. I don't know if their other products are Kosher.
I own the microwave noodle bowl and also the 20 oz mug. Both are very sturdy. You could throw them in a lunchbox or backpack without worries. I have been impressed with Sistema products and am acquiring quite a collection.
Noodle bowl has open handle. Can't see why it wouldn't stack.
1. Yes 2. I always add a teaspoon or 2 of water or stock before I reheat. (be sure to open the little vent on the lid before you put it in the microwave) A little steam helps to keep the food tasting fresh. Food tends to get drier as it cools, so a bit of liquid helps. 3. Depends on how full the cup is. That cup holds just short of a quart of food or liquid. I would put it in the microwave for 1 minute - on high, then check it and stir. Then another minute. Keep reheating a minute at a time, checking it and stirring until it is heated to the temperature you want. Take it slow. Each type of food reheats differently.
lunch
I ordered about a month ago and mine expire in September of this year.
Hello Jasdip: Our stock of Hellmanns Light Raspberry Vinaigrette expires: NOV 27, 2014 We appreciate your business. Best, Irene Customer Service minimus.biz
80 calories and 1 serving per packet
Im not positive but pretty sure hominy grits are the white part of the corn kernel, you can buy either one at bear branch stores and both are excellent, just make sure you store them in an air tight ceramic container, you can get them cheap online.
I suggest you contact the company directly and ask them. Most have a customer service/answer service. I bought it and am very pleased with the product. It is much better than the *stuff* offered at the local grocery stores. (small town)
White.
I called the company after I received the box of seeds and they are the ones who supply to Bobs Red Mill. They come from Mexico, but the box also came with a certificate showing the lab analysis and the breakdown of the product contents. They state they have no pesticides,etc. and when I talked with the company the gentleman stated they were indeed organic. I've been using this box for quite some time and all is well. But price for price it's about the same as you would pay from Wegman's whole foods section. The best part is the grocery store doesn't provide a lab analysis, but the Chosen Foods company does. They are wholesalers and supply to many companies. Hope this helps with info you need to make a realistic decision.
Chia seeds last a very long time! I store mine in air tight containers in a cool, dark pantry.
yes
The box is 12" in length and width, and 9" high.
I did not wash or rinse my seeds, and have had no ill-effects. If it makes your feel better to do so, then wash to your hearts content.
chia seeds are from a plant grown in Mexico and southern region. It is the highest form of omega 3 in a plant based food. It has numerous health benefits including anti oxidents. It is gluten free and extremly hydroscopice. It can be used in shakes or sprikled on salads or any foods foods. We use it in alot of our baked goods here at "The Blue Moon Bagel Cafe"
This product is often sold regionally. They are hard to find. To cover shipping costs and to even be able to make a profit, they are the price they are.
Hello Mike, Sorry I cannot answer your question. I only bought one box of Single servings, which I have yet to sample.
citric acid, natural flavors, aspartame, maltodextran, tartartic acid, mag oxide, acesulfame potassium
A 20 oz water bottle.
What? Or Where? What is a suggestion of when it will retain it's same taste. I haven't had it go bad. Date stamp is on the bottom of the box.
well you are in for a real treat! i have been making nori rolls for many a moon now;and i absolutely love this nori! it is so flavorfull, the sheets are thick enough to hold up perfectly to 'rolls', the company is ethical and tests for heavy metals, which is imperative. the package has its own zip-lock, so if you use this they will stay fresh, and i am sure you will go through 50 sheets faster than you think! my dog loves this nori!! i have no interest in this company or product; just thrilled to find the best raw ( important as well) organic, delicious nori! happy sushi making!
The Nori is not wet, damp, or chewy. It has been thoroughly dried and will break apart if bent just like a toasted sheet would. It is advisable to store the packaged sealed to keep the freshness. - each pack of 50 sheets comes in a zipper sealable package. Please let us know if you have any more questions.
Hello, Our Nori is grown, dried and packaged in facilities certified organic by EcoCert and USDA. These require that the Nori has not been affected by Radiation. Just because a product is packaged in China does not mean it is bad, Organic certifications require the same high standards in China as they do anywhere else in the world. The USDA and EcoCert do not lower their standards in China. Additionally, we test every batch sent to the USA at an independent lab in the USA to double check that there is no Radiation contamination. We have the test results to prove this if you are interested.
On the website the claim it's the OU: http://rawnori.com/index.php?route=information/information&information_id=4 update: Okay, I did locate them in the OU database, (http://oukosher.org/product-search/), they're under the name Izumi.
Isnt kosher just a jewish tax?
It is a moisture absorbent in a sealed packet. I guess the warning you are talking about says "do not eat". Pretty typical packaging. I have never heard of DE used for this purpose.
I'm going to write a synopsis of what it says on the package: harvested from internationally certified organic waters in the seas surrounding Japan. Made from several species of phyra seaweed which are harvested, washed and spread thin to dry naturally.
yes
The Nori is certified Kosher by Orthodox Union and has their symbol printed directly on the Package.
The Nori is certified Organic by EcoCert, they have very high standards. We also test every batch of Nori at an independent lab in the USA for contaminants, and radiation to double check.
There is nothing added at all. From the box currently in my pantry: "Ingredients: coconut cream 100%. NO preservatives or additives. Product of Thailand." In case it matters to you, my understanding (when researching a couple years ago) is that Aroy-D is one of the VERY few coconut products that comes from a company not actively involved in the sex-trade/trafficking industry, as well (which is HUGELY active in that area). And, unless something has recently changed, the paper cartons they are packaged in are BPA-free also.
Yes. It works best if you put it into another bowl first and then put that bowl in the fridge over night. Works great.
The day after I opened it I went to use it and had to spoon it or of the container it got so thick. After a couple days it didn't smell bad, but it was such a hassle due to it solidifying I threw it out.
I would say its anywhere from 30-40% cream, whereas I have found the milk to be in the 10-15% range.
i have frozen it in ice tray to have single portion sizes for sauces and such. also it will keep in the fridge for about a week. but in the fridge it becomes solid, so you have to heat when you want to use. i will put it in a glass bell jar with top and heat to use when in fridge.
I wish i could help you there. That was one of the reasons I didn't like the product. Hope you find the answer.
Unfortunately they only make the cream in 33 oz size.
For a 1/2 cup serving it has 19g of fat
Total Fat 19 g Saturated Fat 17 g Trans Fat 0
Hi Constance, Thanks for asking. Our Espresso Grind is ground by a commercial grade grinder so it should work fine for your stovetop Espresso maker. We also offer very fine grind and whole beans. We do however recommend whole beans for freshness. Thanks, Coffee Fool Natalie
Hi Fiona, Thanks for asking. The Fool's Ethiopian Harrar is a light roasted bean and the acidity is low. All the Coffee Fool Beans is high grade 100% Arabica beans and they always give a great cup. If you are use to drink a darker roasted bean you will more than likely need one of our darker roast - like the Fool's House Italian. Dark and smooth but never bitter. We roast all our coffees much lighter than the big companies out there. Thanks, Coffee Fool Natalie
Hi Patience, Thank you for your question. Coffee Fool's Ethiopian Harrar is a single sourced dry processed bean. It's a light roasted bean like all our 100% pure coffees. Please let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with. Thanks, Coffee Fool Natalie
Hi Jerry, We have expiration dates on the bags of Coffee Fool coffee if you buy directly from Amazon. If you buy through Amazon and we ship it out the coffee is roasted and shipped out within a few days. (Same if you buy direct from us of course) We have customers that prefer to freeze their coffee if it will be a while until they will use it. But is also keeps well in the unopened bag for a few weeks. So I do recommend you buy direct or through Amazon with us fulfilling your order. Thanks, The Coffee Fool
Approximately 5 gallons.
Storage and Shelf Life Unopened peanut oil lasts a year or longer, but opened peanut oil safely lasts four to six months before turning rancid. All oil eventually oxidizes and turns rancid as it ages, and rancid cooking oils have a negative effect on taste and health. Extend the shelf life of peanut oil by storing it in a cool, dark place, preferably the refrigerator. Seal the container of peanut oil as tightly as possible to minimize exposure to air during storage.
Actually, mine was gone after 6 mos. because I gave so much away to other turkey frying people. I mean the little I had left latest that long. And, it held its color well. I stored it in a cool dry place so I think the longevity was prolonged by the environment I kept it in. I used it any time I would fry something i.e. onion rings, chicken, fish, fritters etc. The flavor is wonderful.
Yes, but check your fryer quarts and bird size. A lot of oil. I use mine for wok and cast iron cooking. I hope this answer helps.
4.55 gallons
Not sure but what I DO Know is that the only rice that is natural is Wild Rice (long grain). Any other rice white, brown, black ect. ect. is a hybrid & contains starch. In the cooking process the starch tends to get sticky that's why white rice especially tends to stick to the sides and bottom of the pot. Out of all hybrid rice black rice is the least starchy but I would just buy the wild rice because the molecular structure is complete because its native to the earth (meaning it was found by man not made by man) Wild Rice is starchless (well at least the Non GMO kind)
No. From what I have come to understand is that this is the natural color. This is an ancient grain that has been known to be this color. In fact, ancient Asian chefs considered this rice to be suitable only for royalty!
This claim is false. I have bought this product and can contend that it is most certainly black rice. It has a thicker shell and a nuttier taste; if one has reported the running of "dye" it's simply the result of any normal black rice. Before cooking, you're supposed to rinse black rice because the outer shell needs to be softened and cleaned. The rinse water is usually a purple brown color, but this is natural and is the same with any black rice product from any company.
Cosco sells them for $6.99 for a 4lb. bag
no clue! I never leave rice in the bag, I store it in an airtight container. I will tell you it is delicious!!!
Yes! This rice is not complicated. If you can cook white or brown rice you will not be let down by this rice.
It sounds like you did. :( See if you can get a refund or replacement!
No
I didn't notice. It was black in the bag and black after I cooked it.
China
On amazon these sellers have alot of fees they have to cover first. There is an amazon fee and and also shipping. By charging 15 these sellers are only making a profit of a dollar... after labor. Handling. Inventory. And overhead costs. These sellers in my opinion are here to provide items for those who do not have access to these items in their area.. Hopefully that helps... Sellers aren't making that much mulla
I have read the front and back labels and there is no reference to the jar being bpa free or not.
Mine says Product of Mexico on the jar...
Thanks for the question, Nay. The answer is no - there is no sugar added. The ingredients listed on the label are organic honey and nothing else. Thanks!
The jar I have does not say if it is.
It doesn't list or mention pollen. Although a few websites say that this brand should contain the "anticipated" levels of pollen that most would like to find in raw or true honey. The flavor of it suggests that there's pollen present but because the packaging doesn't support that I couldn't tell you for certain.
Yes, another form of modified cornstarch.
It is possible to use it, but remember it only thickens when it is cooked, it is not instant. It acts like and is interchangeable with regular corn starch. Products that I am familiar with like "thick-it" which are specifically developed for preparing liquids for dysphagia patients, thicken when simply stirred into a liquid. Karen, RN
None listed that I can tell. Try going to www.cornabys.com to double check. Or call them...(801)754-4968.
Yes, but use less, a little goes a long way.
My husband works for Cornaby's and he said it is certified non-GMO corn called waxy maize. It is one of those rare corn products that is non-gmo. It is the same variety of corn used in Ultra Gel http://www.amazon.com/Cornabys-Ultra-Gel-Gluten-Free-Thickener/dp/B00910LUQS.
I have both the ultra and the plain thick gel, my ultra has the NON GMO on the package. I'll check their web page, I'm sure both are non gmo. This stuff does work great!
It's similar to clear jel, but not the same. Clear jel, like many other thickeners, requires heat to make it thick. Ultra gel will thicken without heat.
The term modified as applied to food starch does not necessarily mean genetic modification. It can be modified genetically or physically. The type of corn, waxy maize, is a non-GMO corn which is then mechanically processed to create an instant product. It's kind of a cool process where a starch slurry is made and then it's put in a machine which adds air and helps it dry fluffy. Think of it like texturing a wall or flocking a Christmas tree. :) So the genetics are never messed with, but it is modified to create an instant much like dried milk or other instant products.
On the back of the package, they used it thicken stuff for pudding, a ranch dress, a a fruit glaze. So it works with cold stuff. However, does acidity affect thickening? I don't know. If you can use cornstarch or tapioca to thicken homemade yogurt, this would probably work. Otherwise, probably not. You could always purchase, however, and if it didn't work, use it for other things. It's a great thickener for other things (like gravy and sauces).
The nutritional facts on the back of the package state 0g sugars and 1g total carbohydrates in a serving size of 1.5g or 1 teaspoon. I really like the product.
My wife says it is much better than corn starch and gives a clear appearance.
I haven't tried, but would say no since this is a corn starch substitute not a gelatin substitute. Try Agaragar as a gelatin substitute.
No It does not.
For gravy replace corn starch or flour measurements with double the amount of ultra gel
Absolutely. This is the best product i have found for thickening about everything. Their website has instructions for both Freezer Jelly and refrigerator jelly. Combine crushed fruit, sugar and lemon juice in medium bowl. Gradually add Ultra Gel, stirring constantly. Let stand five minutes to thicken and stir until smooth. Package, label, date and freeze for up to one year.
I haven't tried, but it is a corn starch substitute not a gelatin substitute.
We don't create the prices here at Vaneli's. The price is set according to our vendor pricing.
The box states "for use with most Keurig style coffeemakers" these filters are about the diameter of a mini muffin cup, and about 2" tall.
Hey P. Radcliffe, Ekobrew filters arrived today7/28. They work Great. Using the included Bunn measure spoon reads 2 cups per 10oz water. I put 2 Flat level full grinds into filter & closed filter lid fine. So, I know it will hold 2 spoonful, I usually make my coffee slight less than 2 spoonful & 8oz water. The beauty part is I shook the full used grinds & filter from the holder in 1 shake. Do not have to rinse holder after each cup. Just rinse holder when I am thru drinking coffee each day. TIP: used grounds + filter dropped out of holder in one try. I think it will drop out faster while still hot instead of letting the grounds dry in the holder. Enjoyed chatting with you.
They can be difficult to find. Amazon seems to be out of them frequently. Wal-Mart seems to have the best prices, IF, they have them in stock. These have been so difficult to find that I have reverted to my single cup foil strainer cup. http://www.amazon.com/Solofill-Refillable-Keurig-K-Cup-Brewers/dp/B005K0L2U2 It lets a few more of the finer grounds through into the cup than the Melitta filter, but it is always ready to use.
No, it will hold approximately 1 1/2 tablespoons or 1 full coffee scoop. These are made for the Melitta Java Jig, which I recommend for use with single serve coffee makers like Keurig. I do recommend the Java Jig/and the filters over the reusable filters that are on the market.
I don't know. But, I have been using the Java jig for almost 2 years and love it. Much better than any other alternatives I've tried.
If it uses k-cups you should be fine otherwise I don't know.
I don't really know, but if you check with the Melita website you might be able to ask their help on that.
I use my fingernail. My wife, however, pulls the green cup off first then empties the cup and pushes the cap off from the inside.
Yes, it will hold two tablespoons of ground coffee.
The design comes as 2 plastic parts plus a lid. The inner part is black and the outer part is green. You turn the black part upside down and place a paper filter on it. Then you slip the green cup over that. Then you flip it over, fill it with grounds, then put the lid on it. After usage, you take the lid off. From that point onwards, it's a little messy. We generally turn it upside down and slip the green part off of the black part then push the filter and grounds out. That part is messy because some of the grounds will still be stuck to the black plastic part. We usually tape it until most comes out, then rinse everything off. Then we wash it all for the next day.
No, not without tricking the 2.0. Follow the link to do so http://m.instructables.com/id/Keurig-20-Hack/
these are the same size as the K-cups, in the video clip it looks like she is rather forceful when she puts the lid down on the cusinart, I would try it a few different times, it should work
Noooope - Keurig type machines only
Very fine grind to get the best flavor
Sorry ... I don't know ... I have a B-40. I'm guessing if yours uses the regular K-cups this would work. It's the same size.
I don't know if this is the problem, but I use only one tablespoon and have no problems with it.
I honestly cannot answer this question as I have a Mr. Coffee...someone who has the K 40 may answer for you.
Really kind of all of the above, but it's extremely salty (more so than Marmite, Vegemite, or Promite), so I'd go sparingly on toast or sandwiches. It is essentially based on Bovril, a blend beef boullion and yeast extract, from the UK, which can't be sold here in the US due to BSE concerns. This version, however, is thinner than Bovril. I think they may have just snagged a food grade beef stock and thrown it into a small jar, labeled it and charged $10 for it. Also, the nutritional label is clearly unrelated to the actual ingredients, because the only thing beyond "zero" is one gram of carbs and one gram of protein per serving. No vitamin content (and real Bovril does contain fairly significant amounts of B vitamins), and it says zero sodium, which is WAY off. This stuff is almost all sodium. Mind you, I don't mind this Bovrite, it's rather tasty, but it isn't what they are marketing it as, which is the same formula as Bovril. It's nice mixed with boiling water as a hot drink, and I just put the kettle on right now since you got me thinking about it. I've also put it in soups and chili to give it a boost, since these extracts are glutamates, similar to MSG, and boost flavor. But, I won't buy this again. It's time for me to take a trip back to London anyway soon..
Hydrolyzed Vegetable, Protein, Beef Stock, Water, Yeast Extract, Modified Corn Starch, Caramel color, Sugar, Salt, Onion powder, Natural spices, Lactic acid,Acetic acid, Thickener, Vitamins (riboflavin, niacin, thiamine, folic acid), Anti-foaming agent, Natural flavouring s and flavor enhancer. Contains : Soy and Egg. NO ADDED MSG
Occasionally the beef version can be found(it's officially banned in the US because of Mad Cow disease fears on beef products from the UK), they are directly imported and available at the Tea & Symphony Grocery section of the British restaurant in the West Village AND at SHI Eurasia, 166 Allen St. in the lower East Side. The vegetarian version can sometimes be found in these two places....although most purists find Vege Bovril taste nothing like the original beef version.
It is similar because it is salty and savory in flavor. We eat it on crackers or make a sandwich with butter/margarine spread on first then a thin layer of Bovrite on top of the butter to help it spread better.
depends where u live
Hi, we are Santa Trading(GBI). Thank you for you inquiry. It depends on where you live, it usually takes 3-6 weeks by standard shipping. Also expedited shipping (around 7 days) is available. We are looking forward to serving you in the future. Have a nice day!
1-2 days
It doesn't have any nuts or peanut ingredients. But I can not guarantee that they prepare it in a free nuts factory. Its all written in Chinese.
Just the soda. The grape page also shows two packets but it is also just the grape. So you only get one packet to make one serving. I wish they would only post a photo of the one type of package. Tip: I buy them from jbox . com now. It takes the same amount of time to get here from Japan. But you can get a pack of 3 soda or 3 grape for $6 there. You have to pay for shipping but if you are going to purchase more than one it's huge deal compared to here. Hope that helped.
I called the company. They claim no to everything. Supposedly, they will be changing their lable in the future to reflect this.
NO! But they have a gelatin (in ORANGE can) that DOES! :)
Yes it is gelatin. It is the bones, hides, ears etc. of the animal, which when brought to that state makes gelatin in its purest form. It really helps the joints. I drink it twice a day. No flavor I put it in pineapple juice which is an enzyme that helps break down the proteins..
I can't imagine this product having MSG in it. I read the label two times and there is no MSG listed. It is an all pure product. I wouldn't take it if it had that in it.
I found this Q&A to be helpful: http://curezone.com/forums/am.asp?i=2087617
Yes, it is entirely made from animals and is gluten free.
25 calories per tbsp. Two tbsp (one in the morning, one in the evening) are the recommended dosage according to the instructions on the can.
Turn the plastic top until the half circle opening lines up with the half circle solid piece then punch out. I use a butter knife to punch it out.
Dragon girl, I remember reading about the difference in the numbers 1, 2and 3 back when I started using collagen. I just googled it. Sorry I'm not much help.:-) But I do like the Great Lakes that I'm taking.
This is what it said on about.com: " Kosher food is food prepared in accordance with Jewish Dietary Laws. In their most "biblical" form, Jewish Dietary Laws state: *Pork, rabbit, eagle, owl, catfish, sturgeon, and any shellfish, insect or reptile are non-kosher. *Other species of meat and fowl must be slaughtered in a prescribed manner to be kosher. *Meat and dairy products may not be made or consumed together." I don't know if this helps at all..I didn't buy this product based on the Kosher factor...but because of the reviews and after trying it for myself.
Yes
48
Our apologizes but right now we are out of stock of the green as the factory is also out of stock.
Leslie, the candy part is a good 3 inches.
Ingredients: Sugar, Corn Syrup, Water, Citric Acid, Artificial Flavors, FD&C Blue No. 1, Titanium Dioxide.
Yes
Yes.
unfortunately, the box did not contain ingredients when I had purchased them....personally, I did not eat them...the box they arrived in was dirty and of course made in china....I would use them more of decorations purposes that edible services....but then again, i am very picky on what I put in my body...
Yes
Yes. And so yummy!
The suckers were not 6" total length. They were more like 4 1/2-5" with the candy part being 3" long. I still think they were good and would purchase them again if doing a candy bar party.
Beats me. I would think the description would say if they were. Write to the maker.
Three 1 pound bags. Great deal.
I did a lot of research on coconut palm sugar and it is created by dehydrating the juice/sap in the coconut palm flower so it has really no processing and the farms it comes from are organic.
Yes but it's not as sweet. So you might need a little more. We like it because it's less processed and low glycemic too.
Yes, all Nutiva products are organic and non GMO
Yes it is gluten free. The only ingredient is coconut.
15
Coconut sugar is a natural sugar with a glycemic index of 35, Stevia is a natural sweetener with a glycemic index of 0.
By law, products labeled Organic have no GMOs. Organic always means NON-GMO...
It contains all of its natural vitamins and minerals, and is courser than regular sugar. Some people use a coffee grinder to powder it if they don't like the larger crystals. Regular cane sugar doesn't have vitamins and minerals like coconut sugar does. It is also brown and I think it has somewhat of a molasses flavor.
Hi, it says it is unrefined. Does not say about heating.
Ingredients: Brown Rice Flour, Tapioca Starch, White Rice Flour, Potato Starch, Songhum Flour, Arrowroot Starch, Sweet Rice Flour, Guar Gum. I believe it would help to add 1/4 tsp xanthan gum per 1 cup of Artisan Flour for certain recipes.
I used the 1 teaspoon that was called for in my recipes, I made vanilla cupcakes, bread (the bread machine) and it went well. I use it like I would any all purpose flour. No hassles
I've been buying two bags at a time and using them over a four to six month period without any problem, so I would gauge the shelf life is at least a year, probably the same as regular all purpose flour.
The package states "Our products are produced on equipment that also makes products contains tree nuts...."
WE haven't made biscuits with this flour yet. we use it as a wheat flour replacer. We have made several cakes and the turn out really good. a little dense, but the taste is good.
On the package it does not state it is organic but it does have the Non-GMO certified logo on the bag.
For information that specific, it would be best to ask them directly on their website or call them.
This is my GF flour of choice. I also get it from Amazon, best price around. I even use it making my dog treats.
I have no Idea, my supplier informs me that his price from the manufacturer/distributor has gone up for some reason.
Yes
No. I was so disappointed because I heard the coffee is incredible.
According to Rohan, it's totally organic without pesticides. I suggest you to watch his 10 minute video on Youtube about this coffee. :)
Marley Coffee published statements and package labels state it is: 100% Jamaica Blue Mountain and 100% organic. If you're serious about "organic", you probably already know there is some leeway in the meaning of organic ... but it's a good bet that Marley's Jamaica Blue Mountain is as "organic" as any other making the same claim. The specifications for using the "Jamaica Blue Mountain" label are actually more strict than "organic". An interesting oddity about JBM Jamaica Blue Mtn - produced in Jamaica, but roasted and packaged in CANADA.
Not sure if the other Marley Coffee's have this filter but blue mountain coffee is very expensive. Usually from Jamaica, one of the best coffee's I've ever had is blue mountain. I am cheap and won't buy the blue mountain here in the states because just a box of 10 goes for 20$ and a bag of it is forty something. Very good coffee but for $82 dollars i'd have to cherish it and drink it like I do a fine wine.
Yeah, must have gold glitter included in the ingredients!
I would email the seller to start with, see what they can do for you!
Just go buy one of the put your own coffee in them containers that will fit in your keurig. Amazon sells them and also bed bath and beyond
I have been informed that most of the brands will come up with compatible 2.0 cups, around January
It is extra bold and delicious. I would highly recommend this coffee.
The K cups only work on the Keurig machines. But you can buy the whole beans and ground them and that works with the press
Yes
Yes
yes. cold pressed is exactly that. pressed in a vise type machine so the oil runs out of the pulp
As the listing States: "Cold pressed; Extra virgin;" Easily dissecting the words would give you the answer actually. Cannot get Extra virgin or cold-pressed from copra or dried anything....including dried coconuts. From: http://vegetarian.about.com/od/rawfoodsrecipes/a/cold-pressed-oil.htm "Cold-pressed oils are oils made by first grinding nuts, seeds, fruits or vegetables (depending on the oil being made) into a paste. Then an oil stone or other tool is used to press the paste which forces the oil to separate out. Many labels use the term cold-pressed, but they aren't all considered raw and suitable for a truly 100% raw food diet. To be raw, the oil cannot be heated above 115F. Some manufacturers will heat up the paste in order to extract more oil. This alters not only the nutritional value of the food, but also the color and flavor. The only way to know for sure if an oil is truly raw is to contact the manufacturer directly. You can also do some on-line research to find companies with strict raw regulations and effective investigative practices. Essential Living Foods is one trusted source and a Greek company called Eliki Olive Oil produces an authentic raw oil." Extra virgin: From: Google Search adjective adjective: extra virgin 1. denoting a particularly fine grade of olive oil made from the first pressing of the olives and containing a maximum of one percent oleic acid.
5.05 pounds is the shipping weight with the shipping carton. The jar has 54 fl oz.
Iodine occurs naturally in pink salt, not added to, like they do to white salts.
The bottle is plastic but the grinder is not metal or it would rust. I'm not sure what it's made of though. Hope that helps.
The bottle says himalayan salt. I really like it and you can refill the grinder, so you can buy the salt in bulk next time and refill. It looks like Pure Himalayan but I am a customer. So don't really know.
I believe it will. IMO, it is a heavy duty grinder compared to most of the ones sold as salt grinders.
Yes
Yes
This one does twist off, the grinder (black part) is threaded and comes off. Fill it up and put the top back on. The bottle is plastic, but it all works. I get my refill Himalayan salt from the same place.
It does come with 1lb of salt. The grinder appears to be just metal and plastic, but i cant be 100% sure without tearing it apart.
What I received was a bag of salt only. I'm very, very pleased with the taste of this salt. I used an old peppercorn mill as my salt grinder.
Black Sesame seeds
contains milk and is produced on a line that has egg products
Does not contain nuts. Also does not say that it was produced in a plant where they manufacture nuts but other products.
The first ingredient is wheat which usually contains gluten. Based on the wheat content, I would say that it does contain gluten.
Yes it does contain gluten
Ingrediants of Ancient Grains crackers: They are made with Millet, Amaranth, Quinoa and Teff. A full list of ingreidants: wheat flour, vegetable oil (coconute and palm oils, golden millet, sugar, hulled buckwheat, amaranth, quinoa, black sesame sees, leavening, tefe flakes, whey permeate, salt, sea salt, yeast rosemary extract, niacin, ferric pyrophosphate, thiamine, monoitrate, riboflavin, folic acid. These crackers contain wheat and milk
Yes it is :)
Yes. Average size cherries with stem.
It isn't marked on the label where the cherries are processed. The label says: We would like to hear from you with any comments or suggestions. In the Continental US or Canada, you can call us toll-free at 1-888-301-0332, Monday through Friday 8 am to 5 pm CST. Or you can send us an email at samsclub.com. Distributed by: SAM's West Inc., Bentonville, AR 72716. I hope this helps.
yes.. I bought them specifically for the stems.
no these cherries do not have seeds
Cherries, water, corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, citric acid, natural and artificial flavor, potassium sorbate, sodium benzoate added as preservatives, FD&C red 40, sulfur dioxide(preservative)
I would say about 200... and they are really good!
white rice flour, brown rice flour, milk powder, tapioca flour, potato starch, cornstarch, and Xanthan Gum
I make sandwich bread with this flour every week for my husband's lunches and it works better than any other flour I have tried. I also make pizza crusts, another yeast based product.
Pretty much, yes it is. I occasionally add a bit of xanthum gum, but not always.
Hello, Alli. The bag says that a "serving size" is 1/4 cup (2 oz.). There are 42.5 ounces in the bag. A little over 5 cups, if I calculate correctly. This flour is expensive, and so I use it carefully. I make pie crust, biscuits, and sugar cookies with it. It is milled so fine that it feels like regular flour between your fingers. I can actually roll out a pie crust on a floured dough board, flip it over my rolling pin and put in the a pie pan without breaking it to shreds, as I have often done with other GF flours.
Yes, you should be able to do that, but make sure you include some xanthan gum. You can go on line and find the ratio of xanthan gum per cup for items from cookies to bread and in-between. It does make a significant difference. Don't panic at the name, Bob's Red Mill has it and you can find it on this site.
I bought this flour for a gluten-free friend. Incredible. Best over all other gluten free flours I tried. I am a non-GMO believer and as a gardner know even with vegetable starts genetic modification is a problem (NOT referring to hybridization). My best reply is to keep contacting www.cup4cup.com for reply. This being said my understanding in US is that corn is genetically modified. Most soy ect. vegetable oils are gmo. Thus the labeling dispute. Making it yourself you still have to know the "source" of your ingredients" and googling sites that list products still doesn't help you if your search item isn't listed. I buy Italian farrow since it's closest to original genetic makeup on wheat. The process of researching this only seems to create more questions since the source is out of our control and dependant on the supplier. If it doesn't state non gmo then it most likely has gmo ingredients. My guess. Wish this could help. Then there is the problem that gmo or not it's still fattening :-)
The packaging does not stipulate that it is non-gmo. You might check their website.
There is nothing on the package with that name. It is Cupforcup, LLC. Developed by chefs for consumers.
Yes, I make them all the time for my husband.
I think so! I made Churros out of it and it puffed up nicely!
Yes, they are hullled and can not sprout.
I repack a 50 pound bag into about 7 1-gallon glass jars, tightly screw on a lid, then freeze each one for 48 hours each. The freezing kills any insect eggs that might have got in the oats. I then take the jars out and store in my pantry until use. I go about 8 months on one 50 pound bag. And the last jar is as fresh as the first.
Yes they are.
Claim to be
I doubt it...it that were they would it be advertised as so, plus that organic oat groats sell for much more per pound. They are however very good quality and a good price.
We have never done oat groat sprouts, but googled it and apparently it is possible.
70 cals per cup 2 grams sat. fat
Approximately six gallons.
Go to Honeyville.com & order from them. This seller is way! overcharging! for this product by $10-$12.00. They also will show the ingredients
Hello, Thank you for contacting us. Our Instant Milk Alternative in the #10 can has a shelf life of 10 -15 years in its original sealed can. check this link for more infomation http://shop.honeyville.com/products/freeze-dried-food-storage/dried-dairy/instant-milk-alternative.html Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service
nothing on label indicates GMO product present.
The can itself does not say how long its good for once it's open. Opened, the can has a shelf life of 6 to 12 months depending on how well you store it. It does not require refrigeration in powder form.
yes,I have grown wheat from whole grain,bermuda grass comes in both hulled and unhulled forms
Our ad is a the child ad. The photo of the tan bag is the Parent ad. That ad is not ours. The Rye we sell is a non GMO strain of rye grain. It is untreated seed. You may use it for planting,sprouting, or milling. I hope this answers your question and I am glad to be of service too you. Thanks for the inquiry. Tim
the label says so,i was very happy with mine, I used a lot of it and believe it or not I got at least 80% germination for the garden too!
I have ordered both this product and rye berries from a different company and they do not look the same. The rye berries look smaller.
I emailed the company and this is their reply: "Most of our products are non-GMO and documentation is available upon request. The only products that have possible GMO cross-contamination is the bulk corn products such as whole corn, corn cones, and corn grits in 50LB bags, and the soy products such as soy flour and TVP. The freeze dried sweet corn, however, is in fact non-GMO certified." Hope this helps.
What Jason said was accurate.
http://shop.honeyville.com/products/soy-tvp-products/unflavored-tvp-granules.html
I saw no mention that it was organic.
Button.
That's hard to say but I'm guessing around 10. There are 54 servings (3tb ea). They are fairly economical, especially since they don't go bad.
Everyone has their own taste but I happen to like eating dried mushrooms. As far as salads...ummm?? you have to remember that these are crisp. They are best, re-hydrated in water and then put in casseroles, pizza, chicken-a-la-king, spaghetti, creme sauces, etc. hope this helps you decide. I like them a lot. They sure are nice to grab a handful and throw them in. Plus they last for years and years. I've dried my own for years and tried these. I like these better than my own because they are freezed dried not just dehydrated (I dry all kinds of mushrooms). Dried or freezed dried is a GREAT way to have plenty on hand at all times. :)
I was lucky and found old glass gallon pickle jars at my mom and dad's house. The fifty pound bag of steel cut oats will require eight of the one gallon jars to hold them all. You definitely don't want any insects getting to your oats. I would suggest not storing them in a hot room, either. I am on my last jar and will be ordering more soon. My last order was in October of 2013. I consumed all of them by myself, for breakfast. They still are just as good as when I received them.
These are steel cut oats. The difference between steel cut oats and oat groats is this: oat groats are the whole intact grains that have the inedible outermost hull removed; when these are then cut into 2 or 3 pieces by steel blades, they are called steel-cut oats. I hope this helps.
I wondered the same and just received a response directly from Honeyville that these oats are non-GMO.
I store mine in 5 gallon buckets with sealed lids in a cool dry place, it keeps great for 1 year as its used up by then.
Hi! According to the Honeyville Farms Website (the company that makes the oats) the majority of their products are non-GMO, but some of their bulk corn and soy products "potentially have small traces of GMO," but nothing was mentioned about the steel cut oats. Hope this helps!
I think the vitamix750 odds wonderful and would do a great job. The Nutrimill would also work very well. We do sell several mills and blenders.
Hello, Thank you for contacting us. Our 50lb bags of steel cut oats come in a paper bag like you see on the picture. They are packaged inside a large box, sealed and shipped out. We ship anywhere in the continental US with UPS. Feel free to give us a call at (888) 810-3212 if you have any further questions. Noe Rincon Honeyville Customer Service
I don't, but I'm pretty sure it told on the site.
I have been putting them into ziplock sandwich bags and then putting the sandwich bags back into the paper bag. I then put the whole thing in a deep freezer. You will get about 35 sandwich bags full out of your 50 lb bag. I only use 1/2 cup a day, so I get maybe 6 months out of a 50 lb bag. Been doing it for years without any problems. Sorry, I'm not sure about the jars. Any moisture in the form of humidity will cause problems.
Yes. The oats are from Canada, are non-GMO but they are packaged in Utah. I contacted the manufacturer to confirm this information after getting my bag which said UTAH.
Yes. I have bought Pomona's in many varying amounts; it is always packed with the calcium.
It's citrus pectin, activated by calcium. Very easy to use!
The information that came with it says" indefinitely, cool, dry, air-tight.
The average recipe calls for about 2 teaspoons. The 1.1 oz box makes 3-4 average batches of jam, so the half pound pound bag makes 25+ batches.
The company is very good with returns, go to your order page and let Amazon know asap and set up your return label and credit.
No they are like red hots. Hard candy pretty small.
Too me they are a lot like the "atomic fireballs" I had years ago, great flavor. Not too hot!
52 pieces (15 g) has 5 mg sodium, 14 g total carb, &lt; 12 g sugar, 60 calories
On the package, it says that the cinnamon imperials were processed in a plant that also processes products containing peanuts, eggs, soy, and wheat. Nothing gluten related is on the ingredient list, but someone with Celiac disease, it wouldn't be worth the risk.
Mine were fine, although I received them a few months ago. I've been eating them and they are great; the container keeps them fresh.
Just an air tight container
Yes they are.
I don't know, but they are great!
My order didn't have this label that said "best by ....2012". Best by--- don't mean it would expire or spoil after this date. Produce change quality with time. It is just the best by this date.
NUTRITIONAL FACTS for HONEYVILLE DOUGH CONDITIONER Serving size...3 tsp Serving per container...150 Per serving...40 cal Total Fat...5gr,Sat. Fat...1g, Trans Fat...0g, Cholesesterol...0 mg, Sodium...150 mg, Total Carb...5g, Dietary Fiber...0g, Sugar...0g, Protein...1g INGREDIENTS: Wheat enriched Flour, ascorbic acid, Calcium Sulfate, L-cysterne hydrochloride, dextrose. mono and didyscerides, salt, tricalcium phosphate, enzymes. To whom it may concern, I began commercial baking in 1972. Every commercial yeast raised dough has had some version of this conditioer. It's gotten less fatty and salty. Without some type of good dough conditioner, finished product quality deteriorates faster. I hope I've answered your questions. Promasterbaker
Dough conditioner makes the dough easier to handle, improves the texture, and gives it a longer "shelf-life." Vital wheat gluten gives you a better rise and lighter, fluffier bread. Use approximately 1 tablespoon dough conditioner for every 3 cups of flour. Vital wheat gluten is a must when using whole wheat flour, but I still add a little to white flour to get a better rise and lighter bread, especially if I use store brand bread flour--usually the same amount as dough conditioner, plus a little. King Arthur or White Lily bread flour has worked the best for me, unless you have a fresher source of flour available.
Yes. See Lori Viets' book, No More Bricks. She says some are better than others. She uses Blue Chip Baker enhancer.
I use both and the loaves come out beautiful!
The conditioner makes bread/crust more bread-like, springy (and adds to flavor). I use it in pizza crust -- but I think how you bake the pizza makes the biggest difference in types of crust (like on pizza stone, finishing it on bare rack, or what trick you can figure out to get the crust the way you want. I can't see ever making a yeast dough without dough conditioner.
Yes. The conditioner will not expand link yeast. I use this product in place of glutton.
I have no idea. does it really matter? the final result is perfect.no matter what reciepe you use. this shouldn't be healthy if you have a healthy diet ; same as other bakery products :)
yes, that's what it means
I have the can in the freezer, along with the yeast I buy in bulk at Costco. The yeast has lasted for years - I see no reason why the dough enhancer will not....if kept in freezer. I love the texture it gives to the five loaves of bread made in the Bosch.
I have used it in the 5 minute a day recipe...worked great, keeps the bread fresh longer. Hope that helps. Good luck
Have no idea "what country" the onions came from, does not say on the can. I haven't opened my can yet, but when shaken they sound minced. The picture on the can shows minced. I do have contact information for the company I will send, if you want to contact them directly they should be able to answer your questions. Sorry I couldn't be of more help. SHERRCO PRODUCTS, Honeyville, Utah, 84314, (888)810-3212.
Not sure on the carmelizing. I use them in chili, soups and any other dishes. I just put them in dry. We keep a good supply on hand. The carmelizing might work if you let them soak a little extra time. I do highly recommend them as a staple in one's pantry. We have never tried using them in stir fry.
Unopened, probably 10 + years. We use dehydrated onions all the time. Huntsville is an excellent brand for dehydrated and freeze dried products.
they aren't real crisp like a fresh onion, so if you can get past that, then I guess they'd be OK
According to the label, the only cinnamon contained is cinnamonum verum, which is Ceylon cinnamon. I have used Swansons products for.20 years and trust the brand.
On the bottle you can find the requested information - amount per serving 600 mg - serving size 1 capsule. In conclusion one capsule is equal to 600 mg of ceylon cinnamon.
The bottle does not list it, but DOES list gelatin along with "may contain one or more of the following": magnesium stearate, microcrystalline cellulose (plant fiber), and silica.
About 1/4" diameter and 7/8" long
They are brown
Do not know but I do know that for me after taking it a month the has been zero change in my BP, heart rate, or blood sugar. My cardiologist says it is expensive piss.
It's oatmeal soluble, and that has water in it.
No, it does not have a quality seal from any of those organizations.
I'm not really sure. The cinnamon is in a capsule which can be opened fairly easily. How soluble cinnamon is you can test that in your own kitchen with the cinnamon you have in a shaker.
I don't believe so. The ingredients read: Ceylon Cinnamon, Gelatin, plant fiber, magnesium Stearate and Silica.
Serving size: 3 tbsp Total fat 14g--22% DV Saturated fat 9g--45% DV Trans fat 0g Cholesterol 40mg--13% DV Sodium 170mg--7% DV Total carbohydrate 3g--1% DV Dietary fiber 0g Sugars 3g Protein 2g Calories per gram: fat 9, carbohydrates 4, protein 4 ALLERGEN INFORMATION: Contains milk. This product is produced on equipment that processes products containing Soy, Wheat, Egg, Peanut, and Tree Nuts.
You can extend the storage if, as you use it, you change the container to keep the powder to empty space ratio low. The more oxygen the product is exposed to, the faster it will spoil. Additionally, I have had good experience in super extending the shelf life by vacuum sealing and freezing. I don't use much of this product per year- I use it as part of dehydrated meals for out bounding/section hiking- but I really like this product and it's sometimes hard to find in smaller sizes, so I've just figured out ways to keep it longer than average. Another easy way to keep it is to store it in a mason jar that's been spraypainted (outside only, of course) to block the light- big factors for storage of any dry powdered product are light(maintain color and nutrient value), oxygen (causes oxidation which leads to spoiling), and temperature (fluctuation and/or heat stress the molecular structure and can encourage bacterial growth, both of which lead to spoilage). Hope this helped. There's also a general expiration date on the base of the can but I've used the product well after the stamped date and have had no problems.
It's 9 parts powder to 1 part water.
i would say, it has less because you would use less, however my purpose for this product is to keep it on hand in case of a power outage that may last more than a few days.
I believe 10yrs is shelf life. People want to store in case of emergency. But I have purchased twice before and each time kept using and enjoying for more than 6 months. It still taste good.
this would be a #10 can.
Peanut Flour, Coconut Oil, Corn Syrup Solids, Sodium Caseinate, Dipotassium Phosphate, Mono and Diglycerides, Soy Lecithin, Sugar.
As long as the product remains sealed, it can last for 10 years. Once it is opened, the fats that are in it, like with regular peanut butter, will slowly turn rancid over time and give the product an off note.
There is nothing on the can about Gluten or Gluten Free. Sorry.
You can see this information on our HONEYVILLE website. Here is the link http://store.honeyvillegrain.com/powderedpeanutbuttercan.aspx#.UbYGC-c4tgY Under the picture of the can you will see a small label. Click it and the Nutritional Label will zoom out for you. I hope this information helps you.
Dry product.
Not tht I know of? I am thinking that this is an older picture
I believe this green packaging is an older package. The packaging now is brown and orange. If your concern is that it is decaffeinated, don't worry, it is not decaffeinated.
Yes
I think it has a extra bold taste I like the strong flavor especially in morning
No, they just use a green label. The decaf version will say "Decaf" on the label.
I only had the Italian roast one time, but I remember it being more bitter. the French roast is strong, but coffee strong, not bitter.
B2: Powdered Peanut Butter INGREDIENTS: Roasted peanuts, sugar, salt. Serving size: 2 Tablespoons (12 grams) Servings per container: 15 Calories: 45 Calories from fat: 13 Value and % Daily Value* Total fat 1.5 g 3% Saturated fat 0 g 0% Trans fat 0.01 g Cholesterol 0.01 mg 0% Sodium 94 mg 4% Total carbohydrate 5 g 2% Dietary fiber 2 g 8% Sugars 1 g Protein 5 g Vitamin A 1% Vitamin C 0% Calcium 1% Iron 0%
yes it is i have celiacs and checked this
i didn't care for the texture a with day old mixture. I mix only what I am prepared to eat in one setting. I mostly use in my shakes.
You can mix it with a small amount of water to rehydrate and spread it - the texture isn't bad, but it isn't as oily as standard peanut butter. What I like to do is add it into a smoothie. It adds good flavor and a richer texture.
When I enter it is says two tablespoons for one point. Which is a lot less than normal peanut butter!!
Hi! I don't believe that is does... Many recipes for it call for mixing it with milk and the Nutrition Fact ingredients listed are peanuts, sugar, salt and cocoa powder for the chocolate. Hope that helps!
My natural peanut butter had 3g of sugar and the PB2 has 1g. The chocolate PB2 has 3g of sugar. The sodium is less in the Chocolate PB2 than in my natural peanut butter but slightly more in the peanut butter PB2.
1 year from the manufactured date.
bout a year. I've never had any problems with it as long as it's sealed and stored in a cool place.
I have. Make sure you do it in between bananas or it will all come out in a puff :)
Yes. It's completely gluten-free, certified. All "Hi-Maize" comes from National Starch Food Innovation and then resold to consumers by various retailers (one is Honeyville, another is King Arthur Flour). It is recommended to those on a gluten-free diet to help with fiber needs. Here is more info from the manufacturer: http://www.foodinnovation.com/foodinnovation/en-us/Hi-maize/Pages/Home.aspx On King Arthur Flour's consumer version, it's clearly labeled gluten-free: http://www.kingarthurflour.com/shop/items/hi-maize-fiber-12-oz
Your question is ambiguous so here goes. Yes it is cooked, but you need to cook it again, in your recipes. http://blog.bobsredmill.com/featured-articles/modified-food-starch-demystified/ Read this from Bob's Red Mill. Stop reading when you get to "35 Responses to "Modified Food Starch Demystified"". Just stop. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modified_starch Read this from Wikipedia if you need to understand that Modified Food Starches are produced by a variety of "cooking/processing" methods. Hi-Maize Resistant Starch is a powdered starch made by one of these "cooking/processing" methods. The powder is intended to be incorporated into baking recipes and thus cooked in the conventional way we are used to. http://shop.honeyville.com/hi-maize-resistant-starch.html Read this from Honeyville Farms. https://www.google.com/search?q=resistant+starch+advantages&rls=com.microsoft:en-us:IE-Address&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&sourceid=ie7&rlz=1I7GGLD_en&gws_rd=ssl Read a couple of the articles this search will present and you will see what any resistant starch can do for your health.
Sorry, I threw away the original packaging, but I do have the phone number for this company: 888-810-3212. Good luck & take care with your food sensitivities.
I keep mine in the pantry, in a Rubbermaid container. I've had it for over a year and it doesn't seem to go "bad." It seems as shelf stable as flour or cornstarch.
The texture is like fine dusting powder, or corn starch. I've used it in a smoothie, and it mixes pretty well. I hope that tells you what you needed to know.
According to the producer it is not genetically modified (see http://www.hi-maize.com/HiMaize/USA/FAQ/) the fiber content is 15 grams out of 25--they don't break it out, but I think that that would be the resistant starch component (so it may not be the kind of fiber you're looking for).
No, it is a scant 1/8th cup. I got that info from Google, so I hope it is correct. I haven't used my starch the way I should. I had a checked out a book about it with recipes and that caused me to order it. But even though I copied some of the recipes, I still have most of mine in the pantry. Hope this helps.
28 gms equals 1oz = 2 tblsp= 1/8 cup
Yes - this 25 lbs box is blanched almond flour, same as the 5lbs bag.
They are "blanched" so I would assume they came in contact with hot water.
Thank you for contacting us. The price for the Almond flour is $153.99. To Hawai, we can offer 2 options; Next day air for $105.28 Second day air for $75.60 If you need more details about this, visit our websit store.honeyvillegrain.com and we can answer your questions there.
Yes
The Virtulino uses different pods, they are larger than the regular pods.
no! They have two lines of machines, and the pods aren't interchangeable. The VirtuoLine is the newer line of machines (which make coffee as well as espresso), and they now call the original machines the OriginalLine.
The pods included in this variety pack are all caffeinated. I would order directly from nespresso.com. You can order the coffees you like (by strength and/or caffeine content) and the cost is half of anything you'd pay on Amazon, even with the shipping. Edited to fix a typo
I'm not sure why there is no distinction in the description. The ones you ordered are for the original line & the machine I have which is the Citiz. The newer line takes the big capsules.
Yes. They worked just fine.
Yes
NO! only on original Nespresso capsule machines:ie,"Inissia". You can use the milk frother with any machine.Go to Nespresso site..Vertuoline coffee pods are much larger&(dome like shape).
Fresh and they are supplied by Nespresso
Yes. It's very good.
Yes. I have the pixie and so looked for your inissia machine on line. Nespresso machines all use the same pods. The variety pack is very good. It doesn't have any decaf, but you'll enjoy it . Hope this helps. Sue
The two flavors are alternated in sections but they can be separated easily. Both flavors are great.
I'm sorry, I dont know. I have only bought cotton candy already in tubs. My guess would be to google cotton candy accessories or supplies to find them but any plastic tub w/ lid would probably do.
Jennifer, Amazon sent this question request to me in hopes I could provide an answer, How long will it last UNopened? That depends on a lot of variables, but for me, I've had them last up to a month unopened, atmosphere and humidity plays a part in it as well. keep it in a cool dry place, where it doesn't get to hot or to cold. After about a month, it begins to harden somewhat, but I found still edible just as good, the problem I have is keeping it at all, it's so good, it's like going to the a carnival right at home. I like to think, nothing GOOD, last forever (smile). Now you are making me want to order more.
Not trying to be funny, you can take this out of the container and but it anywhere as long you don't get it wet, when wet it dissolves instantly. Depending on the size of the bags you can get two or even more, but let me suggest buying already in bags, Amazon has a excellent supply of Cotton Candy in various sizes. If you want the large 4 ounce cups then this is the way to go, good price for what you get, I buy it all the time, and believe it or not, there is less sugar content per ounce than in a can of soda, and cotton candy is so good, it's like being at the State Fair without the Fair.
A "serving size" is a cup of the powder. That makes a quart of liquid milk. Four cups. So the calorie count is about right for a quart.
Dear Wild Wandering Child. I hardly ever serve someone a cup of dry powder (unless I don't like them very much), but...here is some information that I hope will answer your question. To make a cup of milk takes 3.25 tablespoons of mix. That weighs .077 pounds, 1.25 ounces, or 37 grams. A cup of powder weighs .28 pounds, 4.48 ounces or 128 grams. Mind you this is with my little kitchen scale and some non-perfectionist weighing protocols. That means that a cup of powder would make 3.5 cups of milk. Cheers!
I don't know, and good luck getting a response from Hoosier Hill Farms.... several attempts to contact them have gone unanswered. I like the product, but the directions for mixing are insufficient in my opinion. Despite aggressive automatic marketing, the human touch with this company is non existent.
On the canister I have it says 'Ingredients: Whole Milk'. Hope this helps.
I don't know the unopened shelf life, but I suspect it's somewhere near forever.
Bought in August of last year and says best by August of this year.
Depends on the serving size. The nutritional label is for a 100g serving which based on my experience is probably a quart, so I would guess the container would make slightly more than a gallon.
Since there is no mention of organic anywhere on the packaging, I would assume that the answer is that it is not organic. The packaging and advertising also do not mention anything about the cows being grass fed.
Must be an error by the manufacturer. This product is just whole milk with the water taken out...so 2 Tbp of this will have the same nutritional content as 1 cup of milk. If you look on milk, one serving has 12g of carbs (at least that's what the 2% currently in my fridge says) and it is all sugars...lactose one would assume. This is not a carb-free or sugar-free (or fat free) product...merely water-free :) ...the manufacturer should probably fix this.
Yes
I love this one. 2 Cups powdered coffee creamer (like coffee-mate), 1/2 Cup cheddar cheese powder, 1 Tbsp parsley flakes, 1 Tbsp chicken bouillon powder, 2 tsp dried onion flakes, 2 Cups instant potato flakes, black pepper to your taste. What I like is, using this base, you can makes as much as you want. The ratio is one cup liquid to 1/2 Cup cheese soup mix. I make it a cup at a time, but you can make more. I have made this cup-of-soup in the microwave, but I prefer stovetop. Here's what I do: mix 1C water (or 3/4 C water and 1/4 C beer) 1/2 C soup mix. Whisk together, and heat over med-high until thick and bubbly. If it's too thin, cook it longer, if it's too thick, thin it down with some liquid. I add red pepper flakes or a bit of cayenne, (or both!). If you want a whole pot, use the 1C to 1/2 C ratio, but maybe pull back a little bit on the liquid. You can add more later if you need to.
It's packaged in a facility that handles wheat products, among other things.
It is somewhat salty, not unlike the cheese powder you'd find in a box of Kraft mac & cheese, but spread out over popcorn, it's tasty. I bought this powdered cheese because it is much less salty than the awful, awful "popcorn seasoning" you find in little shakers in the grocery store. THAT stuff IS pure salt.
We store it in the cupboard , usually use it up in 3 months. It stays good, doesn't seem to lose flavor, or cake up in that 3 month period. Hope this helps!
According to the label, there is 541.52mg sodium per 15g (1 tbsp).... about 23 daily value.
made in a facility shared by wheat products. ingred: dehydrated blend of cheese, whey, soybean oil, protein concentrate, lactose, maltodextrin, salt, phosphate, citric acid, lactic acid, yellow 5 & 6 dye.
Wish I had measured it when I made it. Just added the powdered cheese to taste to the macaroni and cream and baked. It had great flavor.
You are correct in that the nutritionals are confusing. Suggest you check www.hoosierhillfarm.com for more information. Or attempt to do the math based on the information provided on the back of the container-still confusing.
I eyeball it, but my rough estimate would be about 1/3 cup cheese powder for when I've cooked 2 cups (dry) macaroni.
The package I received had 12 months left on the use-by date.
Each bottle is 6.8 oz (200 mL).
About 1 year from purchase. My last order in April is good until Feb. of. 2016. The date is printed on the lower neck of the bottle.
You get six bottles. Ginger Beer, Indian Tonic, Lite Tonic, Ginger Ale, Club Soda, Bitter Lemon if I recall correctly.
6.8 FL OZ (200 ML)
Depends on the cookie flavor...the maple bliss; for example is 120 calories per 3 cookies.
These cookies are crunchy and delicious.
Yes, it is one box and there are smaller snack sice packed cookies inside
I eat them in whats called refrigerater oatmeal,1/3 cup pureed berries 1/4 cup greek yogurt 1/3 cup skim milk 1/4 cup non instant oatmeal 1 tablespoom chia seeds little vanilla. I put this in a 8oz. mason jar shake well put in fridge overnight...Enjoy! I make up 6 of these at a time and have this for breakfast mon. thru sat.
I found that after consuming them once per day after 4 days or so I started having less cravings and I did lose about 3 pounds. I wish you luck.
I called the company and they said; "No, these seeds are not to be ground! As you might know this is an affective fiber source and antioxidants as well. Add some seeds to a bit of warm water, in a glass, and let stand 15 minutes. What you'll then see is like a gelatin. A gelatin fiber substance will form around each seed. That said; one might want to separate consumption of Chia Seeds along with prescription medications and possibly supplements and herbs as well; as they would likely bind. You don't want to mix-in/ expose the seeds to High Heat cooking, etc,, as this will destroy the nutritional properties. Say you cook oats; then sprinkle some seeds on-top of the oats once you have placed the oats in your bowl. I personally cannot take the recommended tablespoon serving as these seeds are a highly effective fiber source, for me; I use just a small sprinkle once or twice weekly. btw/ this product is priced good [for organic] on Amazon. I intend to call the company again to ask if this is a GMO free product, but I doubt it.
My last subscribe and save shipment of chia seeds arrived in mid-August 2013 and the package says "Product of Mexico."
They are native to South America but grown here in U.S.A. as well. Nothing I have found says they are grown in China. Here are some links to read about Nutiva Chia Seeds. http://nutiva.com/nutiva-addresses-surging-demand-for-organic-chia/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOU6p9lKIHM http://nutiva.com/category/chia/
As long as they are in a cool, dry place without sunlight, they are fine for up to 2 years.
Chia seeds are known for helping to lose weight. When the seeds touch moisture, a gelatinous coating forms around the seed which is about 3 times it's size. They say that it helps with weight loss because the swelling of the seeds makes you feel fuller longer. Chia seeds are also great for digestion and controlling blood glucose levels.
I have tried the Nutiva brand of Chia seeds and have been very happy with them, for both taste, packaging, and price.
No. The only time I soak them is if I am using them in place of an egg. I just throw them as is in a smoothie, pudding, applesauce etc as I am ready to eat it. I sprinkle them on salads, throw in soup as I am ready to eat it...anywhere actually. But only soak is replacing an egg in a dish.
Hi Michael. I use to buy and eat organic as much as I can and this is why I ordered those Chia seeds. Hard to say if they are better or not than the non-organic because nutrients are similar but when it comes to seeds, I am always concerned about pesticides or other chemical treatments. So even though I was not impressed by the packaging (the bag doesn't seal very well once open) so far I am OK with this brand. Recommendation = soak 1 or 2 seeds spoons at the time and put it in a small container to soak in your fridge. You will get a kind of jelly that is very convenient to add to a shake for example. I never eat the seeds directly : way too small to be crushed by your teeth....A bag lasts very long because you don't want to take too much every day (laxative effect....). Hope that this will help you make a decision on your buying.
It came with fewer than I had ordered and paid for.
It is a matter of math. Price: $11.96 ($1.50 / per Item) $1.50 per item equals 8 packages in the $11.96 cent deal.
If you are asking about online stores (Amazon etc.) then the answer is Amazon, LOL! These are not always available, they may be a seasonal flavor. So if you find them on Amazon, I would grab them. You may not be able to even purchase them elsewhere.....
With the right ingredients you might be surprised how good of an espresso drink you can make. Torani is one of the good brands to buy from, and specifically their pumpkin pie sauce is a very good place to start towards your pumpkin spiced latte. All you need otherwise is the espresso and milk.
Sugar, water, sweetened condensed skim milk, corn syrup, nonfat milk, natural flavor, caramel color, nutmeg, salt, potassium sorbate (to preserve freshness), clove, soy lecithin, xanthan gum, gellan gum. Contains milk and soy. Calories 100 per 1 fl oz (2 tbsp.) Zero fat.
Hello, I don't have a cappuccino maker, but I used to. I think you would put the pumpkin pie sauce in the milk before you froth it and then add the frothy mixture to the coffee. I just love it in my coffee as is! Enjoy!
Yes, I did. I really can't remember if it required it or not, but I did once I opened it. It was yummy by the way (but NOT low calorie!!)
One year. I keep mine refrigerated at all times. No exp date on bottle, so I write my own exp date in marker upon receiving.
I made 12 quarts of Apple pie filling and 24 pints of blueberry pie filling. All canned and shelf stored. Beautiful clear syrup.
Hi Amy The label does not specify GMO status. I checked their website and found no info. I emailed them and they did not respond. Doesn't look good!
I am a bit unclear on the question. It's just modified cornstarch so I use it the same way I would use regular cornstarch. I have the fruit juice/liquid in a simmer and add the cornstarch as a dissolved slurry (mixed with fruit juice or water). I then just cook till the 'gel forms and add the fruit. Hope that helps you out.
I haven't used it for jams, I have only used it for Apple pie filling, I'm sure you can look it up online, simply canning is a good website
Hi Gary, I don't see why not. You can use the Hoosier Clear Jel for pie fillings, I've used it for jams and BB-Q sauces and then canned it with beautiful results. The only advice I will give you is to make a little "slurry" before adding it to your stew. It just blends up so nicely this way. Hope that helps! I love all the Hoosier items I've ordered so far so I feel obligated to help others! &lt;grins&gt;
This is the modified corn starch which should be cooked, such as baked in a pie. There is an "instant" modified corn starch also, which would be for adding into gravies and sauces, and drinks to thicken them, by adding a teaspoon or so to the gravy/sauce/drink. The amount you add of the "instant" variety would depend on how much liquid you wish to thicken and how thick you want the finished product. I've added 1 Tbs before and it was too much, so I cut back to 2 tsp. Experience will teach you the best. I would start with 1/2 tsp for 8 oz of thin chocolate drink and add more until you get the consistency you desire. With the instant as with the cook variety (which this item is) it is always best to add less because you can always add a little more, than to add too much. Hope that helps....
Mix the clear gel with the sugar prior to adding the liquid. It helps it to not clump as much.
The package says "approximately 54 Tablespoons". There are 16 Tablespoons in a cup. So if I did the math right that is approximately 3.375 Cups per 1.5 pounds. I hope that helps.
GMO is not listed. ingredient : waxy corn, modified
Yes I use it to thicken my salsa a bit I just put a tablespoon in so it's not too thick
The label just says "New Crop". It doesn't specify the year.
Although I can not say with certainty that this lavender is processed without any equipment that has ever had contact with peanuts, soy, or dairy products, it seems to me unlikely. The lavender is of the highest quality and it looks as if it were hand processed. I know that this is not an absolute answer to your question, but I think only the producer can do that.
There is a label on the bag the lavender came in that states the company name "Moyishi" and says "new and fresh" and "100% organic" but that claim is t backed up by a certification, it's just printed on the label. There's no mention of whether or not pesticides were used to grow this product (or if so, what kind). For that you'd have to contact the seller. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
I am not the seller, I WAS a customer. I purchased a bag of lavender and received a bag of what looked like dead or faux grass. I put a photo of it on my review. I would proceed with caution with this seller. Clearly, not honest to send me what they did. I did receive a full refund...but still. Oh, and just so you know, the Lavender comes from China.
Hello, It will be sent by USPS .and take 7-14 days to reach you
It is VERY fragrant! There are a few sticks and stems that you will have to remove to get a nice effect though. Worth the $ if you are on a budget.
I had to email them to find out, whenever I bought it before, and sadly I cannot remember the exact ingredients. Since then I seem to remember their ingredients have changed. I just looked at their website but no ingredients for marzipan are listed. Here is their website: http://www.scottscakes.com/marzipan.html I just now tried the phone number someone posted but it is not working, so I just emailed the company and asked for the ingredients. The one thing I do remember is that it had no corn syrup and no eggs, and that's why I bought it, as I don't eat those. But if they respond to me, I will post the answer here.
I kept in the refrigerator and used in 2 weeks.. It was fresh.
I have only used it on a cake but I think it would be easy to press into molds as it is quite easy to work with and not hard.... worth a try I would say... it is delicious.
My wife used it for a Christmas cake that was approximately 12 inches in diameter and about the height of a two layer US cake. It covered that .
Scott's Cakes answered my question about ingredients some time ago and said the only ingredients were almonds, sugar and I think water. But I recently read that this marzipan now has corn syrup in it. Try emailing Scott's cakes to find out what the ingredients are now.
Hi, I was asked to answer this question as I have purchased this product a couple of times. The ingredients include ground almonds, sugar, and pasturized egg whites - I know almonds are considered tree nuts, but I have a nephew who is deathly allergic to peanuts and other nuts but he can have almonds with no problem (just in case you are in a similar situation) If you do purchase it is some of the best tasting marzipan I have had in a long long time and is very smooth if you are planning to use it for modeling, or covering a cake it would work well for either.
contact Scott's cakes at.....Scottscakes Inc. 1237 West Chester Pike, West Chester PA 19382 Telephone: 610-431-2770 scott@axs2000.net
To be honest, I ate it all already, I love it that much! If you plan on storing it for months/years (disaster preparedness), this is probably your best bet for shelf stable peanut butter other than military rations. If this won't up, nothing else will since this comes packed into a vacuum sealed brick. Sorry I can't give you a factual answer, buy hopefully this gives you a better idea of the general condition the product arrives in.
My order is 03/14.
I'm not a seller~so the question is why are you asking me?
Sugar figs, pectin and lemon juice. It is delicious, but does have sugar.
5g per tablespoon
No idea where from. But I love it.
I would say it is a 'finger size' shred and less then that and it is dry. really nice product.
Yes
In freezer for years, in Refrigirator at lest a year
I never heard of cod fish gravy but it sounds interesting. Do you have a recipe?
Yes, I have done that and take it out and cooked it and it was just as fresh.
No
it is preserved with salt so it can last a year or so in fridge, indefinitely if frozen. I got mine in early Dec. used some of it 12/27 and froze the rest. there was one review that is more detailed. I wouldn't worry, in the stores it is left on the top of the fish counter with no refrigeration at all.
Equal to one cup of coffee
Hello Stephen, Here at the Energy Drink Outlet we carry all the flavors. Which one would you like to order? We also offer 16packs of the Starbucks Refreshers.
There are 12 cans to a case. There is the melon, raspberry pomegranate, & Strawberry lemonade.
I am really not sure. These are domestic. Please try to contact the seller.
OK, I'm guessing at my Latin... "plain leaved". Anyway, Vanilla planifolia is just the name of this species of vanilla. Of the 90 or so species of Vanilla, V. planifolia is the primary species used for culinary purposes.
I think the answer would be 'yes'. I soaked my beans in vodka for about 3 months to create a scented vanilla extract extract of sorts. The scent was strong, but it didn't smell exactly like vanilla extract from a grocery store. Of course, I wasn't going to eat it anyway. While I have not done it yet, I am hoping to create my own body spray.
no Chris, you can't plant them and they will not "growe".
No
If you purchase them from Vanilla Bean Kings, the shipping is free!
These are whole. I split each bean open with a knife and scraped the inside out. Hope that answered your question.
about 4 to 5 inches long
yes they are now :(
I received 10 per package. :)
Fine
They are not yellow. They have an ivory color.
The grits are listed as all natural with no processing and nothing added. I would take that to mean no GMO, although the package does not specifically state this.
These are not quick-cooking grits, so I would not try to make them in the microwave. Cook them on top of the stove and it's about 40-45 minutes. I like to make these grits in the slow-cooker. It's really easy and you don't need to stand over them and stir and there's no risk of boil-overs. You can set the grits in the slow-cooker on low overnight and they will be ready to eat for breakfast. Here is a recipe I've used: http://www.cheaterchef.com/stone-ground-grits/ We've also to put the grits in the slow-cooker on high early in the morning and let them cook for a couple of hours while we get the rest of a brunch ready. We like to use these grits for Shrimp and Grits. This is the recipe we usually use for shrimp and grits. We like it because it seems the most like the shrimp and grits we've had in Charleston. http://www.saveur.com/article/Recipes/Shrimp-and-Grits-1000070097
I have no idea. I just know they are good.
Ground corn would be gluten free unless contaminated by processing on equipment shared with wheat. This corn is processed and packaged in a wheat free/gluten free facility. Technically, you can't claim a product is gluten free if it is naturally gluten free.
This product does not state that it is organic or heirloom corn; neither does the product website. It states it is made from "premium corn." There are two GMO-free grits products on Amazon: Julia's Pantry (organic) and Greenway (non-gmo).
I keep mine in the refrigerator. They are shipped in a box. They just stay fresher if you keep them cool. I know some people keep coffee in the frig for the same reason, but it does not need to be shipped cold.
The cooking directions are located on the back of the bag. They take awhile to cook, I would say longer than what it states on directions.
Honestly, no idea. But I can tell you whatever the carb count, WELL worth it! Best grits I've ever had! Hands down. And I'm a chef who's tried em all!!
Yes
It's one 2lb. bag.
I make my grits with milk instead of water, so my opinion may not be the best. These grits are NOt refined like the quick cook grits found in grocery stores. They are larger grind and have a have a wonderful flavor! They take a little longer to cook, but the smiles at the table are worth it.
There are about 5 1/3 cups uncooked in the bag. If you follow my wife's recipe (see comment "Grind and Prep are Key" dated January 18, 2014) you will be able to make about 43 servings from one 2lb bag. UPDATE: 1 Cup Dry Measure of Grits weighs 6oz. The bag contains 32oz Dry Measure of Grits. Therefore 32oz divided by 6oz equals 5.333 Cups. Remember Dry Measure and Liquid Measure are not the same. A weight scale will prove this.
Susan, I'm reading the bag I bought, "100% pure natural corn - no chemicals - no preservatives - no additives. On the back it says " Wheat Free Facility" It does not say GMO Free, or organic anywhere on the package.
Tough question, I love pop corn, eat it near daily and a movie bucket portion, got mine about dec 27th STILL noshing on it, but it is getting near bottom now soooo heck order two, what isn't consumed use another time but do open just one bag then the other if needs be and use the leftovers your self but be sure you re-seal the bag as soon as possible to keep it as fresh as possible nom nom nom and oh yes, congratulations!! My Wife has kept me around now 40 years this year, I wish it for you too!!!
You can place your order anytime now, the popcorn will be just fine for the 23rd.
Serving size is 3 3/4 cups, 150 Calories and 240 mg of Sodium. I hope this helps.
Yes it will, I had mine for about 2 months and it was still fresh when I finished it. The flavor is fantastic, hope you enjoy it!
You can but shipping could be in excess of $100.
both I think
I would place my order the week of Christmas to ensure proper delivery.
California is 3 business days away from us here in Nebraska, if it ships today it will be there by Thursday.
It takes 3 business days to ship to Atlanta, GA.
It's too late.
Yes
We bought the 5 gallon bag for a baby shower (put "ready to pop" tags on the bags) and made roughly 40 mini bags out of it and they stayed fresh for two months and the popcorn is awesome! People asked for the leftovers.
We have ordered this more than once. I think they are just trying to help you know about how many cup servings are in 5 gal. It has been a popular gift & we've been happy to have it shared with us when we visit. We found this to be a good bargain for the money
The taste was great and the popcorn was crunchy not soggy what so ever
I don't have a ton of experience with this product. But from my two orders, it was still fresh for about 72 hours. One time it was all gone after 48 hours, the other time it almost made it three days. I don't recall a significant drop in freshness either time. But there may have been a slight drop by the third day, that I don't recall. We kept it in the bag it came in.
Yep, or think of it as $1.33 per gallon of great tasting tea!
Sucralose
No it does not. I really like this tea.
I have the same question. Amazon stated that it is currently unavailable.
They are taking advantage of the fact you can't find this particular tea in any store, I would wait as good as. The tea is it is ridiculous to pay that price! Add a can of frozen lemonade and make your own sweet tea!!!!
I believe it the same as regular, but it taste wonderful and with 0 calories you feel like you are drinking tea with sugar. It is a little pricey, but it will come down. Hope you enjoy.
I wished! I stocked up on it when my club had it (they had it marked down to less than $9 a box and I purchased about 20 boxes) It was wonderful but I recently ran out (I go through about a bag a day of the tea) I would LOVE to find it someplace where it would be a little less expensive, but I love the tea. I can't drink sugar and the sucralose they use to sweeten it doesn't have the added maltodexterin, which is nothing more than a filler. It is indigestible but it can cut into the lining of your stomach and cause issues. Thus, the tea is worth the price - UNLESS it goes up anymore and then, I will be buying sucralose without maltodexterin and adding it to my own tea bags!
I would estimate it to be probably around 10-15 of them.
They are sold by the pound. I got about 10 for a pound.
I would say it was probably about 12-13. I purchased them awhile ago so I don't remember exactly. They did disappear pretty quickly-they were delicious!
http://www.barneybutter.com/2011/08/press-release-roundtable-on-sustainable-palm-oil-membership-august-26th-2011/
The ingredients on the jar for the Bare almond butter are 'blanched roasted almonds, palm fruit oil'. It also says no added salt or sugar on the label.
7g per 2tbsp (incl. 4g dietary fiber)
0mg, as in 0% sodium. This is only for the Barney Butter "Bare". Others may have sodium
I'm looking at the jar. It's non-gmo verified. It does not specifically "pesticide free" or "organic".
Stirred slightly. Does not need to be stored in the fridge
Serving size 2 Tablespoons-- Calories 180-- Total fat per serving 16g
Unfortunately, no.
No salt. There's a nutrition and ingredients label in the pictures, hover over it to zoom in.
Made of blanched roasted almonds, palm fruit oil - no sugar, no salt. Made in a peanut free factory. Can be used in baking and smoothies. Two tbsp. 180 calories. Calories from fat 140. I love it !
No, although it could be used for dredging (coating), but it does have a sweet taste. Coconut flour is much more absorbent than almond flour. The amount of flour used would need to be decreased or the liquids increased, which affects the entire recipe. It's usually easier to use an existing recipe (unless you really like to experiment with recipes).
Serving size 2 tbsp, 50 calories, 25 calories from fat, 3g of saturated fat, 8g carbs: 2g sugar, 4g fiber
Yes
No
The ingredients : organic coconut flour. Allergen information : may contain treenuts
I called Now Foods (888-669-3663) and they said they came from China.
Says, distributed by NOW FOODS, Bloomingdale, IL. Says they're a small family business. Certified organic by QAI. I have another bag that says product of china, Portugal, Spain. But this one doesn't say anything like that anywhere.
The pine nuts come from China and packaged in the States. I think you would be better off asking this question from the organization that certified them as USDA organic. The company name is QAI. Or better yet, ask the question from Now Foods. I don't really care about them being organic. I purchase them for what they are, the quality of the product and more importantly the cost.
yep
These are : )
On my TJs EVOO bottle: check on the lower part of the glass, right above the base (below label, under UPC barcode), there are lightly printed numbers & exp date. Extremely tiny print & may have rubbed off easily. You can probably call Trader Joes w/ this quality control number & exp date to find out the harvest date.
The bottle holds 16.9 tastey fluid ounces
you're joking right?
It is NOT organic and is NOT certified nonGMO.
Expiry date, no harvest date on mine. Was a decent olive oil, but there are better for the money.
Yes they are. We have been very pleased with them, because we wanted the dry roasted, unsalted. Very good.
One large bag. I did not like them (too hard, breaking teeth) so I threw them away. So they did not last long for me :)
According to the label on the SINCERELYNUTS bag: based on daily value 2000 calorie diet, Total Serving size: 28g, Calories: 130 (from Fat 52)Fat: 8%, Saturated Fat 5%, Cholesterol: 0, Sodium: 3%, Total Carbs: 3%, Dietary Fiber 8%, Sugars: 0, Vitamin A:0, Vitamin B:-, Vitamin C: 0, Calcium: 4%, Iron: 6% Ingredients are Organic soy beans, packed in the same facility as peanuts, tree nuts, soy and milk products. Protein was not on the list. They did list their website at SINCERELYNUTS.com so you may want to check there.
I have no idea-I only know they were delicious!
Think USA, but they have been gone awhile and am not sure.
I have purchased 15-20 of these and all expiration dates have been several months done the road.
The ones I received were all medium ground.
That's correct. 6 cans, each 33.9 oz
Yes, that's correct. For my purcahse in December 2013, expiration is in Decemeber 2014.
Not printed on the can, but it is Thailand. If you go to their website, they say: "Inspired by an island culture that looks to the coconut trees growing in their own back yard for hydration and sustenance, Kauai locals, Rohn Boyd and Jay Ensworth, founded Wai Koko Beverage Company in 2012. Intent that they keep their water 100% pure proved a challenge as they scoured the world supply for a sustainable source of coconuts that deliver on taste and purity. The duo traveled the globe in search of the perfect sustainable coconut water, finally discovering it while adventuring in Thailand- their true noelani!"
It has a 24 month shelf life. The production and expiration dates are on the bottom of the can in day/month/year format
http://www.drinkwaikoko.com/waikoko_coconut_water_products_nutrients.html
it says nothing about that on the can ..but the company is on face bookand twitter also www.wai-koko.com I've lived in the tropics and never saw anyone spraying coconut pLms ..but wasn't ever on afarm in Hawaii ever so ask em..its one of the best tasting and I will be ever so sad to find out its not ..sorry I havent been more through..
Our ostrich burgers are Cryovac in 1lb sealed bag.
Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 serving (4 oz) Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 110 Total Fat 2 g Saturated Fat 0g Protein 23.0g Sodium 80 mg Cholesterol 0 mg *Based on a 2000 calorie diet Calories is a mix of lean and fat
We carry 2 different sizes, one size is 4 oz. burgers which there are 48 per case, the other one is 5.3 oz burgers which there are 36 per case.
No, it says on the label that peanuts are processed in the same facility.
The shell has been removed. They are ready to eat!
The label on the package just says "salt" for ingredients, but according to their website http://www.sincerelynuts.com/seeds/pumpkin-seeds/pepitas-shelled-roasted--salted they use sea salt. Specific amounts of sodium are not listed on the ingredients. Each serving has 5% daily value of sodium (15.2 servings per pound...approx serving size is 1.1 oz). 1g of sugars.
The packaging does not state the oil, but cottonseed oil is listed on their website. http://www.sincerelynuts.com/seeds/pumpkin-seeds/pepitas-shelled-roasted--salted
I don't see any senna on the description of the igredients, unless there is other word for senna, I am not sure if you are talking about the same product. . .
The ingredients are Eucalyptus Chamomilla Rectita, Glogulus, Zingiber Oficinalis, Tamarindus Indica, Centaurea, Cyanus, Rabus Idaesus, Cumbopogen Citratus, Pimpinella Anisum, Cranberry, Panax Ginseng, Rosa Canina Fructus, Foeniculum Vulgare, Blackberry. The package claims it helps purify the body from waste and various toxins. Helps to lose excess weight, reduce allergies, reduce stress and get rid of excess water in the body. I think I saw some truth to some of these claims, but the package suggests 1-2 cups after breakfast and dinner, which I didn't do, so I can't really say.
It has no sena and it's caffeine free.
I believe it's 30 teA bags and I don't eat healthy but notice results a week after it's good stuff but it's not that tasty
No, there are no soy products or green tea in this tea. I do feel very energized after drinking it for the most of the day so maybe it does have green tea in some form. The description of what it contains does not say that it contains any soy.
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry. E-Z Weight Loss Tea is an all herbal formula. It is filled with best quality herbs from ecologically pure regions of Israel. It contains powerful herbal extracts and anti oxidants. Sincerely, Alena
Mine is like that too.
You are not supposed to be drinking it all day. It has very strong detox effects. You would be in the bathroom with diarrhea. I was using it twice a day and that was too much so I had to cut back.
Hello Mergery, we ship our products to Europe as well. Different shipping fees would apply. You may call us directly to place an order, we are open Mon-Fri 9am-5pm PST, phone number 818 344 3344. Best regards, YoungYou International.
Yes it really works
It is not USDA certified. However, there is a sticker said "100% organic" outside of the plastic bag. Some farmers grow their produce in an organic way but do not bother to certify them so the price can be lower. It depends on whether you want to trust the farmer or not. If you live nearby the farm then you can visit the farm yourself to see how the nuts are being grown.
No, we haven't ever received them salted when ordering. We use this for making our almond milk, they are great.
by law, California almonds have to be flash pasteurized. this means they are technically not raw, but the inside of the nut supposedly does not get "cooked" in this process.
California almonds are flash pasteurized so they are not truly raw.
I put them in the freezer
They are roasted without salt as the product name indicates.
I do not know, because I eat nuts for the good fat, and minerals in them.
Sorry, don't know what kind of oil---but they are nice and dry--with NO SALT--and you can taste the flavor of each nut (distinctively)
Store in airtight container in the fridge so the oils don't go rancid.
They are roasted and unsalted pumpkin seeds in the shell.
We have in shell pumpkin seed roasted unsalted and in shell pumpkin seed raw
I've eaten them and no longer have the bag oh course. As I recall they are dry roasted - no oil and I don't believe any salt either.
They came from China
I like it. I drink the Glucose Control version, which has more protein and fewer carbs than the Original version. It could use a little more chocolate, in my opinion, but otherwise it's like drinking a thick chocolate milk. Much tastier than the whey protein drinks I've tried.
You can find all nutritional info here. just click the "Full nutritional Information" Red bar http://www.boost.com/nutritional-drinks/boost-original?utm_campaign=Google%7CBranded%7CBase+Drink%7CBroad&utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=google&utm_term=boost+chocolate
It has 28 grams of sugar per bottle.
It certainly looks like it.
You can make like 8 sandwhiches. I like it with rice sometimes. It's like having 3-4 cans of Spam!
It's in an actual can. Packaged well and delivered timely.
I only bought one have not tried it yet, only went by reviews that I read it is really to expensive thou. Would have bought more if cheaper, saving it for when times get tuft at the rate our country is going shouldn't be too long.
What do you mean, does it have to be kept cold? lol You keep can goods like you keep tuna, sardines, spam, etc.
I wouldn't think so,but I don't know for sure. The nespresso pods look much smaller.
No I only use the pods on my Nescafe Dolce Gusto DeLonghi machine. Sorry I can't help you.
nope, not made for kurig.
Yes, we do
6x8x4inch. 3.9bl.
Optigrow
Yes We ship worldwide
Just like in the super markets, it varies. You won't know until you get them.
Yes.
July first 2016
It could depend on the time of year when they order it. Before the mother plant produces pups, it loses all its red color because its energy is going into making babies.
The plant is approx. 2" tall
u can put it in a glass bowl, or you can put them in a large wine cup. they both work just fine.
No I don't recommend ever misting the air plants. If you want the best results you should soak them once per week for 1 hour and then make sure they are dry before night time. Also do not keep them in the direct sunlight. If you follow these instructions your plants will do very well. You can also feel the plants leaves to determine how well hydrated the plant is which will depend on how humid your climate is. If the leaves do not feel firm or succulent then the plant needs water and should be soaked for 1 hour. if the air is dry where you live you may need to soak them more than once per week. Letting the plants dry completely before night time is very important for the respiration of the plant which is when it grows. I hope this helps answer your questions.
May have waterlogged it and caused them to rot. If so, you can easily pull off the dead spikes. Allow the remaining leaves to dry for a couple of days to see if they remain greenish white. Water with a mist. They may survive.
No
Yes, you can. It will grow back and they are very resilient.
Yes, as it blooms it gets more color.
Between 3-4 inches tall and fits in palm of your hand.
Yes
Have thrown away my box where calories listed but other cappuccino are 60 calories a cup. Hope this helps.
Its very enjoyable.
1st off great taste,2nd not sure but it is a good long time,hope this helps
Sorry but the cup does not say and I did not get a box they came in a plastic bag sealed,
I liked it, it didn't tasted powdered at all. Three of us liked it maybe you just have a different taste then we do, no need to be nasty
Matcha can not be made decaf and if it could you wouldn't want it. Part of the beauty of this product is how well the L-theanine content goes with the caffeine content. The best part is that unlike coffee, this stuff doesn't make you jittery. Instead it makes you calm.
Yes it's good with vanilla protein powder and even better with a fruit smoothie
Make it to taste, the size and ratios are subjective.
There are 34 single serve packets in this product. Technically you can make 34 drinks with this product. I use only half the contents for each cup of tea because I find that the serving size of 2.5 grams is too strong and that 1.25 grams per serving is perfect (for me)
We have third party independent labs that test our product for purity and our results are outstanding. Our organic certification you can find that information on the matchaDNA website. We are ISO certified and Swiss certified by TUV. This means that MatchaDNA is certified by independent European laboratories. We keep certificates on file for inspection whenever necessary. Also, I would indicate to you that we are the only Organic Matcha that is not Japanese and certified BPA free. Please feel free to contact us at any time through the matchaDNA website for more information about our products and company.
It has 68mg per packet. It also has theanine in it so that prevents jitteriness normally associated with caffeine.
It doesn't have anything on the package, but looked it up, and it contains 68 grams.
Hi Rosebud, The EGCG levels are comparable in both Chinese and Japanese Matcha. Matcha has over 1,300 units per gram of ORAC Antioxidant Value.
It's sweet and very smooth without the typical bitterness you get with some tea. The best comparison I have likens it to green tea with sweet cream. I really like the taste and I'm a lifelong black coffee drinker. Hope this helps. Enjoy!
The package does not have the official USDA organic seal on it. So I question if in fact it would meet USDA standards.
I don't know, I've never had Matcha. What I can tell you is that the All Natural Organic Instant is very strong, almost bitter taste. By the time that I add fruits and vegetables, and fruit juice to make my smoothie, the smoothie takes on less of the flavor of the green tea.
Labeling makes it look like it was packaged in New York. Not clear labeling of ingredients except "instant green tea". In other words no clear info on when, where, how of if anything else added in processing. It is very strong. I only really tried it once. Then I sort of got drawn off toward Macha Green tea raw with lemon and lime.
Hi...the answer depends on how strong you like your tea. It's very concentrated--I never use more than a teaspoon per cup. A little goes a long way. If you like your tea stronger, you'll use more. I bought two packages of this tea in October and am only halfway through the second one--and I've made at least one cup a day, every day, sometimes more. This is a very good product and I'll be buying more when the last package runs out.
I am not sure whether or not this instant green tea is calorie-free, but unsweetened brewed green tea is calorie-free.
I used it everyday in my coffee. its delicious. I use 1 Tbs grassed butter, 1 Tbs coconut oil and 1 Tbs of this amazing ghee. It's worth the money.
Check out the Pure Indian Foods website for detailed info on the process--the fermentation process produces flavor compounds which gives the ghee a more buttery taste. Plus it's easier to digest. Again, check the website. No casein or lactose in cultured ghee. Delicious!!!!
The information from the Pure Foods website explains it better than I can--regular ghee does not use cultured cream and thus retains some of the casein: World's First Grass-fed and Certified Organic Cultured Ghee This is world's first Grass-fed and Certified Organic Cultured Ghee! Ghee is one of the most sacred and healing foods described by the ancient Ayurvedic texts. It is made by a simple process of gently simmering cultured butter to remove potential allergens such as casein and lactose. What remains is the pure delicious butter oil, described as conferring good health and longevity. One of the traditional processes of making ghee involves culturing the cream before churning it into butter and then clarifying it into ghee. Pure Indian Foods Grass-fed Organic Cultured Ghee is made by following this age-old and time-honored practice. The result is a delightfully aromatic ghee with a slight tangy flavor characteristic of naturally cultured foods. And as always, Pure Indian Foods ghee is made from milk obtained only during the spring and fall when the cows are on the pasture eating rapidly growing fresh, green grass. Pure Indian Foods ghee never contains any artificial ingredients or harmful trans-fats. It has a naturally high smoke point of 485 F, so it won't burn like butter. Use in place of oil or butter for cooking. It's ideal for sauts, stir-fries and sauces and it's delicious on rice, toast, pancakes, scones or biscuits. Why Cultured Ghee? Milk contains lactose, a natural sugar which gives it that delicate sweet taste. In order for the body to breakdown lactose into its basic components of simple sugars called glucose and galactose, an enzyme called lactase must be present. Many people lack this valuable enzyme in their digestive system causing a common digestive problem known as lactose intolerance. In order to metabolize lactose, lactase must always be present. During the culturing process of milk or cream, lactose is converted into lactic acid. This makes for a much more digestible product for many people. Remember, generally ghee does not cause a problem with lactose intolerance. This is because during the ghee making process, the lactose is removed even if the butter used to make the ghee was not made from cultured cream. Summary Cultured ghee has a more buttery taste. Many people prefer the taste and aroma of cultured foods. Our traditional recipe has been used for thousands of years. The ancient tradition of Ayurveda considers cultured ghee important for improving digestion by promoting and strengthening Agni, our powerful digestive fire. Cultured Ghee is known as Desi Ghee in India, where the word desi means prepared with indigenous method. Please note that this product is not a source of live and active cultures. This is the picture of an Indian women churning yogurt in an earthen pot to make cultured butter. Please note that hand churning is no longer practiced to commercially prepare cultured butter. Testimonial "All the ghee available on the market have a trace of casein. I don't know what a 'trace' is but in my energetic testing as well as patients' clinical responses, this is just too much casein for dairy-sensitive individuals. Pure Indian Foods has listened and responded with a new organic ghee that is cultured and made in such a way that has absolutely no casein or lactose (i.e., undetectable by the most stringent lab tests). This Cultured Ghee is testing great for even the most sensitive patients now. Thank you so much Pure Indian Foods - we no longer feel deprived and are loving this delicious ghee!" - Dr. Louisa Williams Author of Radical Medicine
On the label it says to store in a cool, dry and dark place, and that in such conditions it will keep up to 3 months; it says otherwise you should refrigerate. I tend to use up ghee pretty quickly (a jar in a month or less), so I can't personally attest to its longevity.
Pretty sure it's pasturized
no, this is not salted
No gluten and considered dairy free
i don't think so as we get it regularly and have not seen a difference in the last batch that came this week. May be because of the weather, when it is solid the color seems lighter, when it gets warm inside it becomes more liquid like and hence darker too.
No, all the milk solids are removed .
The Indians cook with it and it comes out fine...so do I. But it is best not to use high temps if using it to fry/ saut. I haven't made cookies with it 'cause I'm dieting, but I think they would be delicious.
I'm not sure how big of a cake you're interested in making. When I ordered this, it easily covered a 3-tiered 5 inch round cake, plus a few decorative pieces. And I would say I used less than half of the fondant. You might be able to get more information from the Amanda Oakleaf website- they also have tutorials.
Technically, six weeks when opened but given that is only sugar. It can last for years! It is great stuff.
Nikki-I threw the container away, but I assume it is-it's basically just marshmallow. I would call Oakleaf and ask though-they were very helpful when I called with a question.
White. We made an Easter bunny cake with it.
oh yes--just like regular fondant!
Sorry, I don't believe it comes in other colors.
In this one, only one, which is black. I believe they sell a two-pack that has a black one and a red one as well, but this one only has one black one.
It is made of durable, sturdy plastic but does NOT contain BPA......works great, but I can't believe the price! I think these are sold at Walmart for half that price......just a thought. I bought mine at Christmas and it was $9.95 for 2!
You can do what Ido and smash the noodles up first then cook them. I make all differs types of ramen with it. It's awesome.
No
Same dimensions but rigid. Not flimsy. Hard plastic. Reusable and durable. Not bendy.
It is very sturdy, I doubt it would ever fall apart. I love it and I have two, one for over a year now.
Rapid Ramen Cooker is made of BPA free plastic. Reduces sodium by 50%. Dishwasher safe. For microwave use only
I just measured it for you. Depending on the person filling, we came up with 1 cup to 1 1/3 cups of water.
It would have to be a small amount of mac and cheese. So if you want to make more than the small size they have in the stores where you just add water, i'm talking about the pre sealed ones. You could look at the ones in the grocery store for amounts. I don't think it would work. Never tried though so just my feelings about it.
I never have but it sounds interesting, I love Tom Yum soup though!
Filtered Water, Almonds, Sea salt, Locust bean gum, Sunflower lecithin, Gellan gum & Natural flavor.
NO it does not. the only carrageenan free almond milk I could find and the only one I buy.
32 oz.
The FDA states that "The term natural flavor or natural flavoring means the essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional. Natural flavors, include the natural essence or extractives obtained from plants listed in subpart A of part 582 of this chapter, and the substances listed in 172.510 of this chapter." Title 21, Chapter 1, Subchapter E, Part 501, Subpart B The exactly composition of the flavoring is probably proprietary, however, Silk might let you know if you contacted them, particularly if you needed for health reasons. http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfcfr/cfrsearch.cfm?fr=501.22
Not until it's opened
It doesn't. The ingrdients are: Almondmilk, Sea Salt, Locust Bean Gum, Sunflower Lecithin, Gellan Gum and Natural Flavor.
It has a long shelf life if unopened. After opening it's recommended to refrigerate and use in three days. My experience when ordering from Amazon is expiration dates almost a year out.
I break my instant noodles into 4 pieces. Then thow them in, add a bottle of water and nuke it for 2:30mins at high, bring it out, mix the noddles around and put it back in for another 2 mins without lid this time (or else it gets bubbles raising). I love it, it's great for soup, it won't spill
No. It might keep it warm for an hour or so. But not for a long period of time.
It holds a large can such as a progresso can
Microwave needs moisture.with,I see no problem.noodle cooker is just right size for package of ramen.do they have bigger size.mine works great. Dennis
Yes, we often cook vegetables in the noodle bowl, as well as reheating foods. It seems like a safe type of plastic, can take pretty high temperatures, and has a vent on top to release pressure. Good product.
yes no lead very nice als o
Yes, they are, it says it on the cup I believe.
You can pour boiling water from a kettle in and cover it, or microwave it.
The bowl doesn't come with any instructions or directions for microwave timeframes. You'll need to play around with the times to see what works for whatever you're microwaving. I have found that about 2 minutes for Ramen Noodles and about 2-3 minutes for a larger can of soup works great.
I have used this on my daughter's legs. Her eczema had gotten so bad that her doctor thought it was going to leave scars. This honey works great!! Not one mark was left on her legs. I applied it on her legs at night and wrapped them with bandages. Her legs were completely healed within a week. . It is sticky and messy, and at times difficult to keep her from eating.
It depends on where you live. We ship from Philadelphia, PA so it take about 5 days to reach the West coast. If you are closer it should be about 2-3 business days.
Yes, the jar is glass.
From a purely subjective point of view (and a sample size of just 1), the Wedderspoon Gold had a more balanced/smoother taste to it. The medicinal taste common to the Manuka honeys (of all brands) seemed to be a bit muted in this version. I don't particularly mind the medicinal taste, so I'm on the fence on how much that is worth. That said, others in my house hate that medicinal taste and appreciate the softer tasting Gold version. Hard to say if the 1 jar my answer is based on is representative of all the Gold batches though. My 2 cents, if you want quality Manuka honey with a softer taste... it is worth it. If not, save your money and purchase one of the other raw Manuka offerings.
This product is raw and unpasteurized which means it's not heated.
go to https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/31284252/FactSheet_06-07-2013/77401.pdf has complete nutrition. Hope that helps.
225 Calories per muffin...I emailed the company early on. The muffins taste awesome....but not greasy.
Approximately 400
Yes they are
I need a verb....
I am using the original and they fit directly.
Hmmm - never had that problem with Melitta. I've tried a number of different brand reusable k-cups and Melitta is by far my favorite - I even use the Simplicity paper filters with them...could you be overfilling the K-cup so that the lid is not closed tightly? Sounds like the piercing spike of your Keurig is not hitting the opening on the lid precisely. Do you clean your spike regularly - maybe it has some buildup...
NO, I REQUESTED A REFUND.
I've never tried that, but I don't see why not. They're great filters. Very sturdy.
yes
I checked the box. Made in China
If your machine uses the single serving ones that the stores sell now it should work.
No
Yes they will fit, do not remove the insert and do not pack the coffee into this filter.
I'm sorry. I don't remember and they are long gone!
I don't know know if it has alcohol. Natural vanilla as opposed to synthetic flavoring.
It's not alcohol if that's what you are worried about. It's just what you get when you process the beans. From wikipedia: Chocolate liquor (cocoa liquor) is pure cocoa mass in liquid form. Like the cocoa beans (nibs) from which it is produced, it contains both cocoa solids and cocoa butter in roughly equal proportion. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chocolate_liquor
Its the same size bag but be careful about ordering it in summer. Mine were delivered as two bags of chocolate soup...
I wish I could answer this question. I purchased them because they are 51% cacao and I don't have the package to see if there is any gluten or wheat in the ingredients. I enjoyed them and used them for recipes, but I am going to check next time I order them because I am gluten free and completely wheat free.
The bag says made in USA and distributed by Costco Wholesale Co., Seattle,WA. No other information except a phone # 800-774-2678.
ingredients listed are: chocolate liquor, sugar, soy lecithin, and vanilla, with a note that the chips are processed on equipment that also packages products that "may contain peanuts, tree nuts, wheat, soybeans, milk and eggs".
Hi Tim, Thanks for the note. While we have chosen not to pay the thousands of dollars for a government "certification" as Organic, we are as close as it gets. We bottle only our own honey, from our own hives. We do NOT blend, mix, micro-filter, or heat pasteurize our honey. All that being said, no beekeeper knows each and every plant that his or her bees visits, it's a physical impossibility in the modern world for truly organic honey, and I would have more questions for a company that spends their efforts and money getting a certification, over taking care of their bees!
It is exactly how you want it....unfiltered, unprocessed, and with bee pollen
It is opaque. You can not see through it. It is raw unfiltered honey. The color is light. I made Tedj from it. It is spectacular.
It's 12 pounds
Michigan, USA.
It has number 2 so I believe it's safe
yes it is
Milk Thistle
It has been so long I do not remember but I don't think so
Not sure. I do know it is all natural and organic. But that's a question to ask the farmers.
Not sure. I have used this and am very happy with the product
yes it is.
The package doesn't say. You might have to call the company. I looked and didn't find any phone number on the package.
Absolutely, kakosi organic cocoa butter is 100% food grade
Yes, there's a panel on the back of the package listing nutritional info, but since it contains just pure fat, all the other values come up zero, including carbs. FYI, one tbs will yield 14g of saturated fat giving you 120 calories. One package contains appr. 35 servings. Hope this helps.
It says it is a product of the Dominican Republic, it is distributed by JEA Foods out of Crofton, MD, and it is certified organic by the Maryland Dept. of Agriculture.
Label says "Organic Cocoa Butter." That's all.
Yes!!
I would think so. The funny coloring people associate with freezing chocolate is a result of either Fat Bloom (when the fat separates a little) and/or sugar bloom (where the sugar separates a little). This happens in whole chocolate, but this is Cocoa Butter not whole chocolate. As the fat is Alone it can't separate, and there is no sugar- so no fat or sugar bloom possible.
Oh sorry I didn't pay attention and I don't have a smaller scale at home. I bought it mainly before due to the fact that is is Organic and for the good reviews and I am satisfied...
It is thick and soft. Not liquid. But not solid. It is amazing.
It's been a long time since I did any breast feeding but there is a good site called KellyMom with information about lecithin and nursing including information about managing lecithin dosages.
Yes , i use it , and it is good .
Someone on Maze in a Mirror says this product is no longer organic and is NOT mechanically processed. Someone on that site mentions Lekithos lecithin -- a great product and very pure in powder form. Not cheap, however.
I am sorry - I never tested it, found it to be very expensive, moved on to a brand called 'Azure' and have since gotten away from making the Lipo-C.
Not that I can tell from the literature. You may wish to check with RawFoods for a more definitive response.
I actually till have mine from the last purchase (almost a year) and it's fine. I haven't check to see if it has an expiration date.
It's hard to use by a pinch. Although it looks loose in the picture it's kind of like the consistency of an eyeshadow not actual sprinkle glitter. It's best for coating fondant, chocolate, gum paste or cake pops.
Don't know answer but would think that it would probably leave come off once liquid mixes with it. Suggest tryn it out for yourself first. Definitely won't hurt.
Depends how much you used on each one. If you sprinkle as opposed to roll, there is no reason you couldn't cover 20-30. IF you are rolling the cake pop in the glitter, I would say more like 10-20.
No, this is just for K-cups .
I have the K75, which seems large and the base is still larger than the brewer. so long as the 45 isn't much larger than the 75, it will fit. if it is smaller, you will have plenty of space. i believe you can get the measurements of the brewers on keurig's website.
*Dimensions 15.1" x 12.1" x 3.9", weight 4 lbs. ABS Material
Yes, it is. I never took into account how much room I have from counter to cupboard above; it does fit into the space on top of the pod holder but I have to pull it out to make coffee. Something else to consider is that it does not take as many pods as other holders. Hope this helps.
No
It should fit as my Keurig is about the same width and depth. The only problem you may have is the height because the pod holder is about 4 inches high. The flat surface of the top of the pod the Keurig sits on is about 11.5 inches wide so if there's no cabinet above it, you should be fine.
My Keurig is not sitting on my carousel so I really don't know.
My Keurig is black and so is the top of the stand. I actually don't have mine on the counter though because when I set my Keurig on top of it, it's too close to the underside of the cabinet for me to be able to open the top of the coffer maker and put in the pod.
I don't know. This Pod holder fits very well under my K65. Check the dimensions of the holder and coffee maker.
The inside drawer is like a lazy susan with holes to fit the cups. Tea bags may not be ideal for this.
This is a fine cut marmalade
For around 25.00 I received 6 jars in a shipment.
I like both, but I prefer a lighter, fresher, less "caramelized" marmalade. The two you mention are rather an acquired taste, and as I said in my review I have 17 grandchildren who love to have breakfast or afternoon "tea" with me, and this is the happy medium - not too bitter, not too sweet, just enough peel, beautiful to look at - we can all agree on.
Yes. Each time you make a batch, a new one will scoby will form on the top of the surface of the tea....this is what is suppose to happen. After you bottle your tea, you can put one of them (either one) in another jar with some tea for storage, (cover with a cloth).....just keep adding your extra scobys to this"storage jar. You can Google "scoby hotel" to learn more about this. No matter where your original scoby is in the tea you are brewing....sunk to the bottom, floating half way....you will always get a new scoby on the top. You can Google "Kombucha" and learn everything you need to know. A zillion other people have had your SAME question.
You get everything you need (Scoby, tea, sugar) minus water to make your first batch. Great product!!!
Boil 1 gallon of water. Once it reaches a boil, turn odd the heat and brew your tea for 20 minutes. Then stir in the sugar. Make sure it's totally dissolved. You can pour tour tea into whatever container you're going to use at this time, but don't add the scoby until the tea reaches room temperature. Put the scoby and all the juice in there. After you add the scoby, cover the container with either a paper towel or thin, clean cloth. It needs to breath, but you don't want dirt or bugs getting in. Keep your kombucha out of direct sunlight and at 70-75 degrees (best temp, but will brew at cooler just takes longer). Taste your brew after 7 days. If it's too sweet, wait a few days and taste again. It will probably take 7-14 days. Once it's how you like it, you can bottle it in glass. I use mason jars with plastic lids and old carbonated water bottles. You want to use glass because the bacteria will eat the plastic, and metal will kill the good bacteria. Leave at least a cup or two of your first batch to add to the next. Hope that helps!! You can flavor it too in the bottles. Apple and ginger is really good. I've also used lemon juice and fresh strawberries.
Yes
When you make the tea and when you bottle it, glass only. No metal not even on your tea bags. Use a wooden or plastic spoon to fish tea bags out. With your extra cultures (cuz you will get babies everytime) store them in ziplocs with about a cup of your brew. I also compost them because you will have more than you need. You can always share them. I have been very successful with this starter kit. Good luck.
The new SCOBY will be big enough for a gallon, I actually made a gallon with the first SCOBY and it turned out fine
About 8 "
as long as its not to warm, if its for reptiles or plants it should be fine, you can also put your batch on an electrical appliance that is always on, i use an old digital tv tuner which works perfect hope that helps
The scoby will grow a new baby scoby and they tend to grow into the shape of the container its in, heat is not a friend to kombucha at all, need a cool, not cold place to let it brew.
It's one starter kit, per the description.
Ingredients are, cocao beans, cocoa butter, raw cane sugar & vanilla beans. No soy, no GMO no artificial flavors, & no emulsifiers.
Actually it has 6 grams of sugar per serving (40 g serving), or 14 grams of total carbohydrate. The Alter Eco website has a pdf with nutritional content of all their bars, for easy comparison. The Blackout bar has the lowest sugar content.
yes to your question. not dutch processed. we have this bar ready for prompt shipment. thanks
I don't know, but it might be worth a try.
It's been a long while since I ordered, but I believe it was three.
The only ingredient is ground vanilla bean.
No it does not. That was one of the reasons that I purchased this brand. When I researched the brand online, there were no references to nuts either. We have peanut and tree nut allergies at my house, so this was a huge concern for me as well.
The label states serving size 1 tsp (10 g): Total Carbohydrate 5 g or 3%, Dietary fiber 3 g or 11%, Sugars 0 g. Ingredients: ground vanilla beans. Nothing else. No alcohol, fillers, or preservatives.
I am not sure...the package does not say but I can tell you that this is best product you will find...tastes wonderful....
This product states that it is non GMO, no additives, no preservatives. The package reads: Our vanilla beans are sustainably grown without pesticides our synthetic fertilizers, then hand selected and slowly ground at low temperatures to create this incredible vanilla experience. Unlike vanilla extracts our flavorings, our raw vanilla bean contains no alcohol, fillers, or preservatives. There is a help line 888 RAW FOOD. Hope this helps!!
I don't have the package anymore, but I imagine. I have had mine longer than 18 months, and it's still fresh. I transferred it into a glass mason jar, and keep it in a dark cupboard.
http://www.sunfood.com/herbs-teas-spices/vanilla-bean-powder/vanilla-powder-4oz-raw.html
The aroma is good. Smells just like vanilla should. I use this in ice cream mostly and it delivers a great taste. I also used it in a homemade chocolate recipe and it too was well received as tasting great.
Probably 6-8 weeks.
Will not dissolve...looks like finely ground pepper but tastes better! Delicious in yogurt, oatmeal, granola, smoothies, and baked goods! This is vanilla ONLY. No added dextrose or anti-caking agents.
I added a small amount of water several times until they were hydrated and sticky
Nattokinase is a particular protein that is found in natto, specifically in the Bacillus subtilis bacteria that ferments the soy beans, changing them into natto! So if you eat natto then you are also consuming the nattokinase. I would guess that it is non-gmo because the Japanese have a very strict policy, currently, on gmo-food products. I would caution however that this version of natto is very very strong. It takes a little getting used to, however if you can get your hands on some fresh natto or ferment your own that would be the best in my opinion.
Vegan-suitable - yes. Non-gmo - don't know. I would mention it's an acquired taste which I happen to like. Others near you when you eat it may find the odor offensive.
It does not come with any sauce. Perhaps I am incorrect in eating them as is, but I have added them to salads and eaten them as a snack without rehydrating them.
No. Hoshi Natto that is the name for these dried beans.
I'm sorry I can't tell you. I ordered this product for my daughter who wanted to try them just to find, she didn't like it after all. I wasn't able to get the information that your asking me from her.
Dried fermented soy beans
I just eat them like a snack. Like roasted soy beans or edamame. If you want to use natto in another way I suggest frozen ones from an Asian market.
Yes
I eat the beans as is as a crunchy snack. If you want to add water for whatever purpose experiment with it.
I'm really not sure, but there were a lot. Two pounds of marshmallow candy is substantial. By the way, these were a tremendous hit. Everyone wanted to know where I got them. They were part of the candy table I set up for my daughters baby (boy) shower. I placed them in large glass containers with scoops and they looked fabulous. Tasted great too.
Yes
They are not individually wrapped. But, they were a big hit on the candy table and were rather tasty!
Please contact the processor for this answer. We have used the puffy poles and threw the bag away.
Not sure how long they are good for but they are sealed pretty well. Huge hit at my party, they were Amazing. Absolutely delicious. I had a candy bar and these were the only item guests asked about. They wanted to know were I purchased them. Hope this helps.
I don't know the origin, perhaps contact the seller. It was a bit pricey for what you get, these tins are small.
All I can tell you is the shipping weight is 1.4 pounds and the canisters are EXTREMELY LIGHT. The descriptions says enough to make 25 cups in each canister. There's definitely enough for that, maybe more. After having bought a lot of tea from Teavana and buying large bags from Davis, these had the quantity I wanted at a good price. I'm very pleased and would recommend them.
It's not listed, but I seem to remember that each cannister was 2 oz. They were all really good.
From the product page: Ingredients Organic Sencha: 100% organic green tea. Organic Chun Mee: 100% organic green tea. Organic Chin Green: 100% organic green tea. Organic Green Paradise: Organic green tea, organic apple, organic safflower, and organic flavoring.
Yes
I'm sorry. I don't know. This was purchased as a gift and I have no way to check.
I do not know the weight, it is not much; however, the tea is very good and worth trying it. I like it and ordered twice.
Leave it on.
I think it was only 10 of them. As I recall, each k-cup was in a foil wrap that took up a bit of room in the box which wasn't very large. That is probably why I said in my review that it is pricey!!
The new 2.0 machines are programmed to NOT accept any K cup that are unlicensed. It's supposed to be to keep the quality of K cups high but I suspect, as would anyone reading the material available, it's just all about money. It's too bad as these Kona Cups are so absolutely smooth. I'm sorry to hear about your dilemma. I don't know anyway around it.
It doesn't need to be punctured because the mesh is already breathable. Side note: the breathable mesh makes the coffee go stale earlier, so make sure to keep them in an airtight container after opening.
I don't have a Nespresso, but it will fit IF any other Keurig K-cup fits.
I have yet to find other kona brands on Amazon that would be comparable.
Yes. It's for 10 servings. Not cheap by any means worth it for a once in a while treat. The pods are wrapped in foil because the cups are not enclosed like a K cup. They're more like a filter. Hope that helps!
Correct. There are 10 total cups in all.
I don't know what a CBTL Caffitaly machine is! The Hawaiian Roaster cups work fine in my Breville machine.
Not sure, it does fit the Kuerig
Hello! This is not a dark roast similar to a French Roast, it's a regular roast.
Answer here...no expiration date on package. Coffee is best used the sooner the better,however I store opened product in sealed glass containers in cool dark place (pantry)until ready for use. It keeps for several weeks like this.
Hi John, Yes the coffee in the bag is the exact same the only thing that has changed is the bag. Thanks
Nope
yes
I don't feel this is strong enough coffee for espresso. We love this coffee. Have reordered twice already.
I seal mine up in an airtight container as soon as I open it. A five pound bag last me a month and the last grind is as fresh as the first.
Good Answer, Too many people with these extreme questions about food conditions....Mostly are liberals, most would never know organic definition, organic product from a normal store bought, field grown product......
Yes, if its from cows raised at Hoosier Hill Farm. I'm looking into this myself and haven't called them yet. They may buy hides from out of the country like Great Lakes brand. Here is a link to Hoosier Farm's Web page regarding how they raise their cows http://www.hoosiergrassfedbeef.com/whygrassfedbeef.htm
I cannot list the ingredients; however, I can tell you that this products is NOT, as another commenter stated on this site, from Hoosier's Grass-Fed Beef Farm as indicated by a link left by the purchaser. This product is sold by Hoosier HILL Farm, a completely different entity that appears to be a product distributor and not a grower, packager or manufacturer.
I don't think so- it doesn't say anywhere on the package. I would think if it were, they would say so.
Yes, what I received was fresh and was the best gelatin I have purchased.
I really don't know. You're right. This is a question for the seller. But practically speaking, if it were grass fed I'm sure that would be touted and the price would be much higher. Sorry I couldn't help.
I asked the company and they said Methyl Chloride but have other decaf beans they process with water. Also some others are organic. Ididn't know that so I will be looking for a different coffee. Hope this helps.
This IS a big bag! I put some in an old 2 lb. Starbucks coffee bag, then store the rest in the garage freezer in Zip Loc bags until I use them. The bag itself is larger than 5 lb. of flour--maybe not as big as a 10 lb. bag.
http://www.amazon.com/Processed-Coffee-Fresh-Roasted-LLC/dp/B00BPWRCSA/ref=sr_1_10?s=grocery&ie=UTF8&qid=1369258976&sr=1-10 http://www.amazon.com/Ethiopian-Processed-Coffee-Fresh-Roasted/dp/B00B10XXB6/ref=sr_1_5?s=grocery&ie=UTF8&qid=1369259104&sr=1-5
This is great. My only other option for Chiapas coffee is a small grocer in a town I no longer live in. Getting 5 pounds shipped to my door is awesome. Very smooth coffee, not bitter like folgers or Starbucks. My second fave coffee is dunkin doughnuts. I used to drink Jamaican blue mountain before central market stopped carrying it. You won't be disappointed with this coffee, it's snob tested and nightshift approved.
you order, they roast the next day, then ship. 2 days later... your house smells of fresh coffee
I just read the labeling on my current package and it does say it is certified organic coffee. My understanding is that it should be free of pesticides and GMO's if it has this labeling.
Here is the contact info for Fresh Coffee LLC, who makes the coffee. Amazon won't know, but if you write to them, they will tell you. https://www.freshroastedcoffee.com/index.php?route=information/contact
I use this oil in making soap & body butter for the most part & have used it for cooking when I don't want the coconut flavor. Wonderful oil no taste no smell otherwise performed just like any other brands I've used.
Yes I do, the white is just like regular coconut oil. I use it in baking and topically.
Yes. It is just straight food grade (safe to eat) coconut oil. You can use it in beauty products, food/cooking or any other thing you can think of.
Mine is not at all yellow! Snow white in fact. Perhaps butter flavored?
I measure it like shortening or butter in cooking. I use it in baking quite a bit
I can't give you an exact temperature but I can tell you that skin temp is enough to melt it. Somewhere between 72 and 98 degrees F
It is my understanding that these oils are made for that exact purpose. I am actually a soaper so not positive about the temps. I have ordered things directly from snappy, great customer service, you may want to direct your questions there.
No it is refined coconut oil. Non hydrogenated.
~ I don't think so, if it was it would be visible through water separatiion when looking at it in the liquid form, such as when oil does not mix with water. ~ Coconut oil burns at a lower temperature than regular vegetable oil temperature because of it's less dense viscosity.
It is refined so Yes they use some chemicals to remove the oil. Only unrefined is pressed without chemicals.
I'm not sure. The label does state that. It states that it's 100% pure peanut oil. You can contact the company at www.snappypopcorn.com to see what they have to say.
The oil is refined, according to the tech sheet I received from snappypopcorn.com. It's also bleached and deodorized. I don't know what those terms mean.
i used two gallons and you can recycle the oil once your done for either half a year or i would say no more than 6 time when it starts turning brown switch out
This is just 1 one gallon bottle.
Really good oil for frying and popping corn, lasts about one year.
Hi, These apricots come from Turkey. We also sell California organic apricots, but now out of stock. We will refill them soon. Best wishes, Green Bulk
Ingredients: Organic apricots There is no mention of sulphur dioxide on the label. They are delicious!
Yes
Anything tastes better than Cod Liver oil...
I believe they are from Turkey.
I don't think so. They weren't very good quality. I should have just night them directly from trader joe's.
honestly, I don't know. Gluten develops in wheat. Is there cross contamination, check the label to see if the apricots were processed in a plant where wheat or bread products were also processed. Please do not rely upon my advice regarding gluten as that I am not competent on this issue. You might try the Federal government or Wikipedia for further assistance.
My church encourages food storage for emergencies (loss of job, natural disasters, etc) and their website says that although nutrients do decrease a bit over time, wheat can store for 30+ years and "will help sustain life in an emergency." www.lds.org/topics/food-storage/longer-term-food-supply That said, on another website called provident living, wheat was given a shelf life of 15 years when stored at "room temperature" which is still pretty great. In my experience, after opening my wheat, I still keep it in a bucket with a gamma lid and I have never noticed a decline in the quality in the time that I have used it (over 2-3 years). I do wait to grind it until I'm going to use it, because the nutrients do decrease rather quickly after grinding it. Sometimes I'll store freshly ground wheat flour in the freezer to preserve the nutrients longer. Hope that helps!
Yes. Per the description on the product page: "Product Description A five gallon bucket with tight seal for long term storage. This container holds 33lbs of organic hard white winter wheat. The variety of hard white winter wheat is Arrowsmith, a non-GMO seed developed by the state of Nebraska with good baking quality (fallings number 340) and test weight (61lb). Certified USDA organic by OneCert. Grown by 4th generation family farmers. Label on each container that backtraces to the field it was grown in. Perfect for being prepared. Great for making bread and sprouting. "
I really do not know, but the grain is inside a plastic bag and does not contact the bucket.
You wash it once or twice at the start of it all, then once every 6-8 hours you rinse it. I hope that answered your question.
No
My container states the following; Highland Sugarworks---certified organic--grade A---dark amber---pure maple syrup. The side of the label states: Pure organic maple syrup---Product of U.S.---Highland Sugarworks, P.O. Box 58 , Websterville, VT. 05678. The label goes on to state: Certified Organic by Vermont Organic Farmers. The following statement is also on the back label: We also purchase syrup from our friends and neighbors to ship from our tiny hometown of Websterville, Vermont. I hope this helps---it is a great syrup!
The label on the jug I have now says it's organic. I don't know whether or not it always is.
Yes, it's BPA free! I went to their Facebook page to ask and the answer was already posted.
I think grade B is darker and has more nutrients than grade A. I love this syrup and no longer can buy Aunt Jemima and Log Cabin A. They taste fake to me now.
It's shipped directly from Amazon's warehouses, so as long as you can get Amazon.com shipments to Argentina in general, it should be fine.
to maintain freshness you shouls refrigerate it. I always do anyway because I live in the Caribbean
Im not sure. I keep it refrigerated after I open it and I have it gone within a month. I do know that it needs to be refrigerated after opening.
The grades correspond to the Agriculture Department's standards for the syrup. Some people, including me, prefer the standards for Grade B. Grade B is more difficult to find because there is less yield per batch, and because the sugarers often hold it back for their own use as a preference.
Yes it is
Well this is a big pak and i use 1/4 tsp for i cut... Using this first pak from 2 months and still left with ..looks like 1pack is sufficient fir 2-3 months...
the real thing, Melinda-- "sustainably grown and harvested, Demeter biodynamic certified" and the only ingredients are "Certified Organic Stevia Powder". I hope this is helpful to you. ~Cynthia
Yes. This tastes like coffee. I don't like starbucks via. I've tried 3 of their varieties and think all of them taste like licking an ashtray.
Over a year.
I have two cups of 8oz a day and it lasts me for a month, so that's about 40-50 cups. You're not buying a house, go wild! :)
No, I have not.
It comes from Mount Hagen, in the Western Highlands of Papua New Guinea. PNG is a premium coffee producer, I've been to the plantations and factory where this coffee is grown and roasted. Germany is not a coffee producing country, it's where the packing took place.
I believe so. Ours have new labels but taste the same.
I don't remember. I don't remember
I don't believe that either organic or non-organic makes a difference as to whether or not it wakes me up. I can say that I feel a whole lot better knowing that I'm putting non-chemical coffee into my body instead of one that has been 'blasted' with every preservative that exists! I know that the taste of Mount Hagen is a darned sight better than anything else I've tasted!!
We use tablespoon servings daily and go through approximately 2 jars a month. Ordered 6 jars at end of November and had to reorder mid-March. Jar says that there's 60 servings per jar, and we make our coffee stronger.
This is the best fruitcake I've tasted, have been buying it for years! It has golden raisons, glace pineapple, red glace cherries, flour, egg blend, walnuts, pecans, butter, shortening, brandy, burbon, rum, almonds, salt, vanilla flavor. the printing is very small on package, it also includes many preservatives, etc. The greatest ingredient not listed is the great flavor! Mary
Yes, this fruitcake does contain liquor (Brandy).
Yes, does contain high fructose corn syrup
Four 12 oz. packages come in a cooler. Ingredients: almond flour, cage-free eggs, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum, sea salt
https://cappellosglutenfree.com/fettuccine almond flour, cage-free eggs, tapioca flour, xanthan gum, sea salt
I keep mine in the freezer at all times. It's great stuff and I have it on hand all the time. It is expensive but well worth the price. Hope you enjoy it.
It's not worth the money. The taste is not that great. Just have a small portion of regular pasta on your cheat day every couple of weeks. I have yet to find a substitute for real pasta.
I do not remember the carb count but the product is very expensive and not worth the money. My family did not like the taste or texture of any of these pastas.
Each pack is 9oz. It makes PLENTY of lasagna. In fact I made lasagna a couple times per pack, I just refreeze what I didn't use. They arrive in a very elaborate cold pack system which is why the shipping is $20 regardless of how much or little you buy so I bought 6 packs plus 2 cookie rolls just to get my money's worth on the shipping. The lasagna so far is my favorite. No one can tell it is grain free.
Go directly to there website, you get a much better price and it lists al the nutritional details. Sorry Amazon.
3 packs of noodles. a little pricey - but to me - well worth money. you can mix them or get all one kind. Enjoy!
Needs to be boiled...
Hello B. Osterhout, Thank you for your question. The ingredients are: Sucrose, Dextrose, Fructose, Water, Natural Flavor. You can also find this information on the item page, on the picture of the label. I hope this answers your question. Thank you, Kathleen Amoretti Customer Service
serving = 1 pump 35 calories no fat/sodium 8 carbs/8 sugars 0 protein
It's a premium syrup, so it's a lot thicker. If you want to use them for sno-cones, I would suggest putting one pump of syrup into 1/4 cup of hot water and stirring to make it more liquid.
Nope, no dairy. Water, natural flavor and lots of sugar. Nice product. However it is packaged on equipment that also packages products containing milk, nuts, and eggs.
No. It's not wide enough to hold a keurig machine on.
Unless I'm seeing things wrong, it should be just fine. http://www.singleserveespresso.com/pictures/CapsuleComparison.jpg
Mine slide fine and is a well made shelf
Yes it does. I don't think the VUE pods will fit since those are bigger
They do not stack well because of the way the feet align with the top of the bottom unit. You would need to try to put a piece of cardboard or something between them to give it something to rest on or it would be tippy.
No, it will not hold the carafe pods. The space between the drawers is only enough for the regular k-cups. You would need to store the carafe size on the top.
Yes
Hi Dawn. If you mean can you turn the K-cups upside down, the response is no because they fit snuggly when I placed them right side up and since the top of the K-cups are wider than their bottom, it won't fit upside down. I've had this for maybe two weeks now though and haven't experienced the cups catching in the drawers or the drawers not able to close well. It's been great and so easy to organize. I hope this helps.
All black metal, the top is a black felt material it is very sturdy.
It will sit on it, but it is wider than the shelves. I have two sets that sit next to my Keurig and I put my sugar, creamer, and such on them. They are very sturdy.
In the bag in my pantry.
Hi this is Alyssa from Palouse Brand. If wheat berries are stored in a dark, dry and cool place they can last for years.
It's possible that it could last forever. The thing that ruins food is moisture and air.
There is not a nutrition label on the bag.
Although nothing specific is mentioned on their site in regards to 'roundup'; to be food alliance certified, pest management preservatives etc have a strict guideline. See below: Food Alliance Certified Products: FoodAllianceCertified-sealGrown by a Food Alliance Certified producer Packed and/or prepared by a Food Alliance Certified handler No genetically modified crops or livestock No artificial flavors, colors or preservatives Healthy and humane care for livestock with no growth promotants or sub-therapeutic antibiotics Verified supply chain traceability Learn how Food Alliance certification works &gt;&gt; Food Alliance Certified Producers: certifiedproducer-green-webProvide safe and fair working conditions Practice integrated pest management to minimize pesticide use and toxicity Conserve soil and water resources Protect biodiversity and wildlife habitat Continually improve practices Produce Food Alliance Certified products Hope this helps
No
Doesn't really matter. You are right that for a while all hard wheat was grown in winter. There is a spring wheat that is hard. This can still be used for baking bread. Have done so many times. (And pizza, etc.)
http://foodalliance.org/certification Palouse Brand is not organic, they are food alliance certified, non-GMO. I use different suppliers for Organic Hard Red, Soft/Hard White Wheatberries, Rye, etc. I buy in bulk for both a 100% Organic Range and a Non-GMO, Food Alliance Certified range.
I don't believe that it is.
Yes, that's correct.
there are no seeds
No.
I liked the bread very much, would have liked a stronger yeast taste.
I'm pretty sure it's (2) 48oz. Loaves. The are large heavy loaves. I always cut them into smaller pieces and freeze them. When thawed they still taste great? Hope this helps.
It is recommended that organic, unrefined, cold pressed oils with the life force of the core substances in that oil are intact. Use the best quality you can get -unrefined, cold-pressed, which will not contain chemical residues. If you have access to only refined oil, start with sunflower or sesame oil, both of them shall work effective. Coconut oil is also a very good oil without a harsh taste and very light but it's not cheap is the only down fall.
I just make sure cap is on tight and store in a dark cabinet. I havent had any problems.
Product of Mexico
Information on the bottle does not indicate. Just states "organic sesame seeds". You can contact Kevala International LLC at 877-379-1179 or info@kevala.net.
Yes
I've had it in the fridge since July and it still smells fine.. I eat it by putting over steamed vegetables after they're done..
Mexico
I emailed them and they emailed me right back with this reply: Hello, Our avocado oil shares equipment with sesame oil, but do not share equipment or event the facility with peanuts or any other tree nuts. We have our avocado oil available in 1 gallon, 1/2 gallon and 8oz presentation. You can find it in www.kevala.net where we offer free shipping to continental USA on orders over $49 Thanks for choosing Kevala! Sam Customer Service www.kevala.net
Avocado Oil's smoke point is 520 degrees F. This makes it highly suitable for stir frying and should work nicely for popping corn. I have never tried to pop corn with it but I read that it pops between 400 and 460 degrees F so as long as you are controlling the temp it will do fine. It may impart a slight avocado taste though. I wouldn't suggest using it for kettle corn or caramel corn since it might taste off with the sweet. You could use sunflower or grapeseed oils as well but keep it under 450 degrees F for grapeseed and 440 for sunflower. Those oils have no residual flavors. Keep in mind that if you are stir frying with it that you will not need to use a lot since it will not burn off easily. I works great as the oil for refried beans too. I use it for all pan frying and it works well in dressings too.
I had the taped down lid, however don't recall anything other than the lid.
Mexico
I use it for homemade mayo, but I found this http://dinersjournal.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/30/ready-to-fry-first-choose-your-fat/?_r=0. I keep mine in the fridge, but it does solidify.
yes
Yes, it does. I know, it's a good price isn't it? It sounds to good to be true but it does include 6 molds.
Thank you for asking. Each mold will hold .80 to 1 pound of curd. Therefore a total of up to 6 pounds of curd.
They each hold about a pound of cheese give or take. I was able to get four cheeses out of a four gallon batch of gouda.
It's combined not individual
No
10-lbs
It's fine grind, for cooking.
We purchased this item in MArch 2014 and received 10 lb bucket.
If by origin you mean, "What state/area does the salt come from?" then the answer would be Redmond, Utah. It's labelled as sea salt because of the ancient sea that covered most if not all of North America and deposited large beds of salt.
The All Natural "Redmond" Sea Salt weights 10 lbs.
I, personally say tardis blue, because thats what I used and it came out beautiful! It pretty much blended right in! Hope that helps!
I would direct this question to the seller to be sure. However, I'm thinking it's just fondant by the way it tastes and feels
As long as it stays room temperature and dry, it will last for quite awhile.
Yes
Honestly, I don't recall whether ingredient list was provided with this (there was an instruction sheet on how to store/apply; but I don't recall anything else. Worth a quick inquiry to the seller, if you're concerned . . .
I could not add it during checkout either. The supplier emailed me as soon as the order went through to verify what to add. They should change this on amazon. Hope that helps!
This one is definitely coffee. I just noticed the description says "coffee or tea or cider", so now I understand why you would ask. I'm not sure if it said the same when I ordered it, or maybe I didn't notice. I purchased this exact product here last year, and it was coffee. Actually, I know it would still be coffee because of the variety name "Breakfast Blend". There are no Kirkland tea or cider varieties called breakfast blend. Please note that Amazon is not the seller, it's sold by "Nilmee", and only fulfilled by Amazon. You might want to click on their storefront, contact them, and let them know that the description is confusing. (I personally think they might have included those other items in the description because they also sell those items and were trying to let people know.....but instead, it's causing confusion, which is understandable)
It's regular coffee and the variety is called Breakfast Blend.
I usually go by description of coffee: if it does not say "bold" or " medium roast" ,it is mild content of caffeine. Best wishes! Natalia Chapin
Not sure. I got 100 in my order. ?? Perhaps you need to contact seller
Yes. Almost all coffee pods now come with the coded strip on the cups. It was only a matter of time.
Well let's see 10 capsules for $45.00 would be an outrageous price ...but 10 sleeves of 10 capsules each for $45.00 would be more realistic ..but they are hazelnut and they don't make them anymore so ..maybe $4.50 a capsule instead of 6$ for 10 capsules ..is the going rate
I am not the one who sold these. I was the buyer.
honestly, i've never seen expiration date on these or any other nespresso capsules...but just like any espresso - it's not good to hold it for a long time - it loses its essence.
Sorry that we don't offer discount on this item.
No, there are NOT added sulfites, they are natural sulfites from grapes.
Ingredients are organic vinegar and 2% flavored organic for each fruit.
A little over 8 oz. per bottle.
There is 3 gr of sugar for teaspoon. This sugar is natural and comes from grapes is not added.
Hello, This item is sold by Amazon and details are from Amazon. We can't change any detail in this page. I agree with you that this info is wrong and will contact Amazon to change it. Thank you for letting us know about this mistake.
4
That's what the labels said.
Yes. There is no wheat or grain product and thus no gluten. All natural organic oil and flavorings.
there is 3 grams of sugar per serving and 15 calories per serving. I would not recommend this vinegar though. I think there are better choices out there. I would not buy this product again.
It doesn't appear to carry a UMF or MGO rating and chances are it wouldn't qualify, i.e. it's probably less "active" than UMF 5+ or MGO 100. Much the same as the Wedderspoon honey, which also fails to show a UMF or MGO rating and instead shows "total activity" which doesn't mean much.
It cannot be compared to the MGO or UMF rating systems. Bioactive 24+ is a confusing rating system probably designed to be similar to the UMF rating system to propel sales. Bioactive 24+ rating system measures peroxide activity only and all honey have peroxide. UMF or MGO measure non-peroxide activity and that's what matters when considering Manuka honey.
the expiration date says 2016. hope that can help you.
Hard plastic
I am 15 days by transport company received the goods, this is plastic packaging, valid until 2017, the hope can help you.
Almost certainly this honey is raw, unprocessed and uncooked. Cheap honeys are heated in order to get more out of the hive more quickly. If the honey were heated or filtered or processed in any way it would be see-through clear (until it crystallized) and it would have very little hydrogen peroxide activity as that would have evaporated away. The all-important enzyme activity of the honey would also have been denatured, rendering it useless. Manuka honey is an inherently expensive honey, made from manuka flowers, so it is worthwhile to take the time and extra steps to pack it raw, and just like with extra virgin olive oil, to take the extra care (using water-cooled packing machinery) to be sure that no part of it is heated, damaged, or oxidized in any way.
It is raw....(not stated on the container) but the research I have done on this honey indicates it is raw honey....you will recognize the enormous good the honey does for your body. Highly recommend it.
I do not know. I unfortunately had a severe allergic reaction to this and gave it away. Sorry I couldn't help.
It tasted the same to me.
All anecdotal. No scientific proof.
The first time I bought the honey, I read in the product info that it was lab tested to ensure the antibiotic level. On the bottle it states that the antibiotic is guaranteed. My husband was satisfied with the product.
I'm afraid I cannot say whether it is better or not. I take it for a terminal lung condition and it has noticeably reduced my cough. To be honest, I hate honey at the best of times! I use the Manuka Doctor because it was recommended to me. I hope this helps.
It's delicious. You can certainly eat it from the jar. It's hard not to!
I think it should be certified UMF Association in New Zealand and that is why I prefer Comvita Manuka Honey.
It has 5g carbs and 5g protein per 2 TBS serving.
1 for the regular, 3 for the chocolate
My chocolate pb2 was initially like that, but once I got the package opened and started using it, I was able to break it up and it was powder. It had more lumps than the regular pb2, but just needed a bit of kneading. If this is not the case with yours, you may contact bell plantation. They appear to be interested in creating a quality product and would likely want to replace your rock with a new package.
For the pb: 94 mg. for the choc pb: 70 mg
You can buy the jarred ones. It should show it in the picture. This bundle comes in bags
They take out 85% of the fat from the nuts. It still has the nutrients in there and also enough of the fat to be beneficial without being to much. The upside also is that it is better for smoothies and drinks and also to back with in this form rather than semi-solid. I hope this helps out!!!
yes, it is just like the stuff that comes in a jar. Just add water.
Once you open it air will get to it & it will be just fine.
Trans fats in PB2: I haven't seen any... unless it is in the chocolate pb2. There's no hydrogenated fats to begin with since they are stripped from the rest of the contents.
I am no expert, but my opened foil container, sealed in a ziplock bag, seems to do well in the freezer for more than six months.
I use this mostly for backpacking. I will usually soak it for an hour or so before I'm ready to eat, then 5-10 minutes of boiling and it's done. It does take a while to soften up without the soak but otherwise it has been great.
Honestly, I dont know about shelf life. I do know that the food i ordered two years ago I just used and it was fine. The dehydrated foods just last.
According to the box, it says there are 70 servings. I would imagine those are one cup servings. Also, I partnered this box with some other dehydrated food, bouillon and some rice noodles, and it has lasted me for two years now. Hope this helps. :) Still have loads left and have shared with a few other people.
Please call company. This plus an expiration date should be on label. You can go to their web site and find it but it took awhile. Look under frequently asked questions. I called and said the info should be on label. Lady said there was no room. I replied that there was lots of room on side or back of container. Perhaps if enough complain they will add the info.
I don't have any dietary restrictions, so I'm not absolutely sure. According to the website however, they are. Here is a link: http://www.harmonyhousefoods.com/Q-A_ep_29.html
The very same and very delicious!
25
I posted a review on here. It does not have artificial sweeteners. I purchased this solely because of that. If you want to sweeten it you can add your own sugar or sweetener to it.
Black tea, spices, natural and artificial flavors (soy lecithin).
No idea. But these tortillas are the best I've ever eaten.
Less than 2,400mg per tortilla. http://www.olemexicanfoods.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/LaBanderita_Lowcarb_Vr2.gif
Marge - The tortillas are about the same size as the supermarket ones, but I would strongly recommend that you do NOT buy them!!!! They were such a disappointment! I grew up in Mexico and had hoped for the "real thing", but the Banderitas are WORSE than the supermarket brands!!! They were thin and totally fell apart -- they're good bird-food but not much else. I put them in the freezer and will use them in tortilla soup so they're not a total waste. Julie
corn, water, sodium, methylparaben, propylparaben, gum blend, fumaric acid, dextrose - from the packaging
about 5.5 inches, these are really good corn shells
3 = 2013, 058 is the 58th day of the year I'm not sure about the BE - that probably is a source code.
I infer that the item is suitable for pescetarians and presumably for ovo-lactovegetarians (but not necessarily for vegans) from the fact that the item is actually labeled "kosher dairy": that's what the (U)D on the wrapper means (the circled (U) is the symbol of the Orthodox Union). Since Jewish law strictly forbids mixing meat and dairy products, any food item that contains dairy must be free of meat products. (It may contain fish though, since fish is "parve"/neutral in Jewish dietary law.)
Hi everyone. We appreciate the Q&A and the good points and insights. We're the D'Andrea brothers, the owners and makers of the Soldier Fuel bar. Yes, it's 15 bars per box... we're making sure amazon lists that info in the future. If you have any other questions, please reach out to Paul, personally, at paul@soldierfuel.com. We love to hear your feedback. Btw, what do you think of the new wrapper? - Christian D'Andrea
same bar
It's on their site, but the shelf life is 3 years. Don't know about temp.
280 cals per bar
CORN SYRUP,soy protein,palm oil,unsweetened chocolate, rice flour, dextrose, glycerine, cocoa, whey protein, dates, raisins, barley malt, rice bran,and vitamins, C, calcium, iron, E, thiamin, riboflavin, niacin, B6, B12, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, copper, and manganese......contains milk and soy beans.........manufactured on equipment that also processes peanuts, tree nuts, egg, wheat, and sesame seeds.....
From an individual wrapper: 280 Calories, 80 from fat
Yes. I often have to scrape grounds out of my coffee grinder. I would think this would be bad for automatic grinders.
I haven't but I know people who have and it seemed to work for them because they keep asking me for more
Hello Lauren....you may need to ask these questions to the company...as there is no information about that on the bag
Whole bean; you grind it before using it in a press.
The 454 we purchased was whole bean. I don't know if it's available pre-ground.
Yes it is.
I like a stronger cup coffee so I use six tablespoon of coffee to four cups of water in a French Press.
I don't have a keurig so I don't know. You could always try and see if it works.
In general: The darker the roast the less caffeine and the lighter the roast the more caffeine. The caffeine gets cooked out during roasting; so, in general, this holds true with different types of beans and regions also affecting this.
The B150 is the same machine as a K150, on Keurig's website it says that the B150 was only available from authorized distributors. When I ordered multiple B150's from a distributor, I was sent K150's instead. When I typed in the barcode to list them for sale on Amazon, the barcode came up as a B150 and since the same product page is used for multiple sellers, I could not customize it and change it to K150, so if you buy a B150 from me (BarginsForU), you will get a K150. It is just a manufacture # instead of a retail model #.
Not sure what you are asking. This is a Keurig. It is designed to use K-cups. If you want to use regular coffee you would need to buy the solofill k3 K-cup containers. They say they are not compatible with this unit, however, they are. I have them and they work just fine. Make sure you get the K3.
Only with a Keurig "My K Cup" or an aftermarket one. http://www.keurig.com/accessories/my-k-cup?cm_mmc=speng-_-PL-_-gog-_-ProductListingAds&utm_source=gog&utm_medium=speng&utm_campaign=ProductListingAds&utm_keyword=PL&gclid=Cj0KEQjwlv6dBRDC7rGfrvidmJgBEiQAjd3hMBBSvEs2b4TUIehEiLv1a7rk7kJqq_r5UweSEAYsoLsaAopG8P8HAQ
Yes, no programming problems at all on my end with the water source.
It can just be used with the reserve but you can purchase an additional kit and plumb it in you water system
No it doesn't. You can run hot water by not putting in a K-Cup but if you do this you may want to run a cup of water to clean out any coffee residue first then pull the clear hot water. By the way, this is the way you periodically flush the cup holder.
What is happening is VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) are off-gassing or releasing from the plastic water tank. I recently purchased a barely used B150 and I noticed a strong PVC smell and plastic taste to my mochas. The smell comes directly from the tank and no where else. Now I know why someone sent this brand new unit back. Did a little research and this seems to be widespread. Currently I've left the water tank empty, lid off and the unit ON. The PVC smell in my kitchen is STRONG in the air. I'm going to let it off-gas for a couple of days and run 40 oz of straight Heinz White Vinegar through it. Several people have reported success doing that. I've also ordered a new 'pour over' tank from Keurig to replace the direct line one that doesn't have a grip inside for removal. Mine is no where near a water source and I wanted the 12 oz cup option with a pour over tank. I'll let you know how the new tank smells when I open it. I hope to rid the existing tank of the plastic smell as much as humanly possible and hope the new Keurig direct tank is a different plastic manufacture.
The B150 adds a 12 Oz setting for a total of 5 volume choices. The B155 only has 4 choices
I use various brands of Kcups with my Keurig B150.
Really HOT. Like scald your mouth HOT
We've put Cocozia back on sale until tomorrow, now the price is $25. Hurry up and take this opportunity!
Cocozia coconut water comes in a tetra pak which is BPA free.
One bottle I still have says May 2014, and I think I got it in July 2013. The only coconut water I love is Harmless Harvest, but I found this one pretty good.
No, it does not require refrigeration prior to opening. However, it tastes the best when consumed cold! If I'm short on space, I will only put a few in my fridge at a time. Hope this helps! :)
We've put Cocozia back on sale until tomorrow, now the price is $25. Hurry up and take this opportunity!
No, it is pure from the coconut,
If you look at the photos you can zoom in and it says 70 calories per serving. One container is a serving.
Hi, we source our organic coconuts from Philippines.
Hi yes it is. Please see below "UHT), or ultra-pasteurization is the sterilization of food by heating it for an extremely short period, around 1-2 seconds, at a temperature exceeding 135C (275F)"
It was a sale price.
corn syrup, solids, sugar, sweet whey, cocoa, coconut oil, natural and artificial flavors, salt, sodium caseinate, dipotassium phosphate, acesulfame potassioum, mono and diglycerides, sodium silicoatuminate, sodium stearoyl lactylate, sucralose, soy lecithin, artificial color.
Yes
No, it does not work with 2.0. However, you can easily put an "approved" lid over this and then it works great. I have a 2.0, and I do this all the time without any problems. The mint hot chocolate is outstanding. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
It says on the ingredients label that it contains milk and soy.
No, it's not. Looking At the box there is 6grams sugar per serving. But it sure is delicious. Not sure if they have sugar free...
The package says Made in Korea, but doesn't otherwise say where the seaweed is from.
Hi, due to several charge such as shipping, picking up, packing, delivering to customers including storage, most sellers get minimum profit after deducting all the cost. It is convenient for customers to get the products in front of their home without travelling to Costco. There is no Costco in some areas, the customers will have chance to get the products through this online purchasing. It saves time and energy from online service. Those who live nearby Costco have an opportunity to get cheaper price, but they have to pay Costco annual membership fee otherwise they can' t buy things from Costco. All sellers have to pay their annual fee to Costco as well besides the cost mentioned above. Thank you for your understanding.
Hello and thanks for the inquiry. When selling on Amazon.com I have fees and shipping to pay, so I must mark my products accordingly to make a small profit.
At the moment the only one I carry is made in Korea. Thank you, Fashion & More
No
Here is a great link on sea vegetables. http://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=foodspice&dbid=135
Exp date is good so is product.
Not that I remember. I eat them as snacks, like I would eat crackers or chips.
small snack size -- but they are not 0 calories
Iodine is not listed on the package.
The tin I have is 900 grams. If I remember my high school math well enough (1000 gram = 2.2 pounds), they are about 31.5 ounces, about 2 pounds. They are heavenly, addicting.
150 cookies. Thin and crisp. Awesome flavor. Great low cal dessert or snack. Love these cookies. A favorite.
Lots and lots. I would guess over 100.
A bit bigger than a silver dollar. Crispy thin.
all nut flours should be kept either refrigerated or frozen (double bagged) as they will turn rancid and degrade fairly soon after opening as they are high in natural oils
The ingredients say made with almonds........
You can contact Gourmet Imports and ask them. Their contact info is on their website. If you go to Bob's Red Mill's website, (and many other sites) he lists the nutritional information for his almond flour.
Yes, this company also sells cashews, and other dried fruits.
Probably not.
I've eaten all of mine, but I want to say they had either a six or twelve month shelf life, at the least. They never last that long in my house!
No
Ditto...no serving size/nutritional info on package. Apricots are rich in potassium and the drying process increases their content of potassium, iron, and calcium. Also a good natural source of vitamins A and C. These apricots are delicious and moist...easy to eat. A great product at a great price. According to a chart I found, 100 grams (about 3.5 ounces) contain 283 mg of potassium.
I use them for a snack at work - I still have 1 1/2 bags left uneaten - because I only have 4-6 per day - EXTREMELY soft, plump and delicious months after I bought them!
Hello all! There is an expiration date is on the bottom rim of the jar in raised plastic (not on the bottom of the jar but on the raised rim that goes around the outside). It can be hard to find but if you run your finger around the bottom rim you will be able to feel where the expiration date is. The almond butter expires a year from the date of manufacture. We produce our almond butter weekly so our product is always fresh!
I have had that happen before, in different brands of almond butter. It just requires some stirring to mix it up.
I just contacted the Vendor and they stated they are not non-GMO.
I believe TJ has a couple of different kinds........chunky, creamy and possibly another. But now having experienced one full jar of ZO Creamy, I am less satisfied than before. It is a bit too watery for my liking. While it is OK --the premium price is simply not warranted. TJs in out area had a stocking problem which they seem to have solved and I have taken my business back there. It's at the very least as good as ZO and 1/2 the price.
Almond butter contains approximately 4 milligrams of vitamin E per tablespoon, it's about 27 percent of your daily vitamin E requirements, according to the Linus Pauling Institute.
They both contain only roasted almonds no salt. Zinke Orchards has a creamy texture you cannot "drizzle" onto crackers; have to spread it. Zinke Orchards does not have to be refrigerated; Wegmans says to refrigerate. I have only tried Zinke Orchards .. my information for comparison with regard to Wegmans is from their website. Hope this helps you.
Our almond butter is dry roasted.
I don't think it is.
The label just says "Ingredients: dry roasted almonds. Natural oil separation occurs. Stir Thoroughly."
I stir it really well and then refrigerate it and have no problems.
The jars are BPA free.
Dry roasted almonds.
Do not refrigerate it tends to harden. It can be stored at room temperature out of direct sunlight. Like in a pantry. You can freeze unopened jars.
Lemon Oil??? Really? It is natural almond butter so I would think it would be natural oils for crushed almonds.
Label states 5 grams of protein per 1 oz. serving.
The label does not state that the almonds are organic. The facts on the label also state that the almonds are grown on a 3rd generation farm in California. Hope this helps! PS: it is pretty good though.
Dry roasted almonds, natural oil separation occurs, stir thoroughly
one year
Not that I can tell, unfortunately.
The jars are plastic. Sturdy, light, no shatter.
It rotates just above the scroll part. In other words, the cylinder that contains the pods rotates. It's very functional as well as attractive.
I am not familiar with the Rivo system but I just looked on the Keurig website....at a glance it does appear the k-cups are the same size but to be sure I would send their customer service off an email just to confirm.
Product Details Product Dimensions: 13 x 6.8 x 6.5 inches ; 3.2 pounds Shipping Weight: 3.2 pounds
They are sweet not sour.
no, bigger. more like the size of quarters.
A ton! I actually sent one bag back. It was Valentine's Day craft. Thinking back, I think I needed 200, and I had leftovers. They taste really good, but they are thin. I couldn't stick a pretzel stick through them, but I could snip the edge with sizzors and they were sticky enough to hang onto the pretzel. Good Luck! I think they were well worth the money.
I think they might have been Haribou? I can't remember. We bought these for our candy buffet for our wedding reception and they went over really well.
According to the package, the ingredients are: Erythritol, Oligosaccharides and natural flavors.
Not since 2007.
No
I don't think so, but taste is such a personal thing. I've read where some people feel there is an aftertaste but they get used to it. I really like it for certain recipes and I tend to only use it for those recipes since it is more expensive. I use my erythritol, xylitol and stevia most often.
It's a pack of each granular and powdered.
There is 5g of carbs per serving. A serving is 1 teaspoon.
All are 1 pound bags.
Granulated is fine for cakes and cookies. Use confectioner's when making sweetened chocolate or meringue. It dissolves more readily. You could use confectioner's for everything, however.
Naturally brewed soy sauce, high fructose corn syrup,sugar corn syrup, sugar, corn syrup, water, salt,modified corn starch,mono sodium glutamate, vinegar, caramel color, citric acid,disodium inosinate,disodium guanylate,xanthan gum,less that 0.1%potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate as preservatives.
You might want to look at soy sauce ingredients, this product is not soy sauce.
Pretty sure there aren't any? I am not up-to-date on what random ingredients are derived from what things, so here is the ingredient list so that you may do your own research: naturally brewed soy sauce (water, wheat, soybeans, salt), high fructose corn syrup, sugar, corn syrup, water, salt, modified corn starch, monosodium glutamate, vinegar, caramel color, citric acid, disodium inosinate, disodium guanylate, xanthan gum, less than 0.1% potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate as preservatives. All I know is that this amazing on sushi.
It contains MSG and modified cornstarch, but nothing autolyzed and no additional flavors
Hi, No (though with an asterisk-like caveat)... The 32-ounce packages (and smaller) are, in fact, shelf-stable, and do not need to be refrigerated prior to opening. In a grocery store, one would tend to find the 32-ounce and smaller -sized versions of this product out 'on the floor', versus being sold out of a refrigerated case (though I realize that various grocery stores often put the milk variant shelf-stable items in refrigerated cases, largely at the behest of the manufacturer, in order to have such items seen as true 'competitor'-based alternatives to dairy milk (though when a from-what-I-can-tell-it-is-a-shelf-stable product I want to buy happens to be sold in such a way, I find myself 'holding my breath' a bit, as I set the item on a shelf, after arriving home)). However, the 64-ounce/half-gallon version of this product absolutely seems to need refrigeration prior to opening -- though there isn't a truly obvious indication of such. The non-shelf-stable nature of the half-gallon size is perhaps due in large part to the fact that the packaging is quite akin to that of dairy milk half-gallon containers (not the plastic ones, obviously), and as such, does not have the liquid-proof 'seal' -type 'outer layer' (a kind of quasi-'encasement') that is otherwise found on the packaging of the 32-ounce and smaller sizes of the almond milk. So, if you buy the half-gallon size from a grocery store (and they do sell two-pack versions of such, as well), be sure to refrigerate such 'from the get-go'. But for all other/smaller sizes -- including the size associated with this listing on Amazon -- they're shelf-stable, and do not need to be refrigerated before opening.
Total Fat 2.5 g, Protein 1 g
Hi, the expiration is July 3, 2015 on the 6 that I received. Once opened it needs to be refrigerated and states it will stay fresh for 7 to 10 days.
No, it doesn't - that's why I purchased them, but it is pretty expensive compared to the ones (almond milk without carageenan) I found at WholeFoods.
I don't think it's organic, but it is GMO free. States "No GMO ingredients" on the back of the package.
I tried it, I got nothing! lol We just didn't like to taste, although if you try something spicy (carrot cake, apple spice cake, etc.), it may create a mask. Good luck!
The ingredients are: rice flour, ground flaxseed, quinoa flour, buckwheat flour, amaranth flour, tapioca flour, arrowroot flour, and xantham gum. No dairy or corn. I hope this helps!
We tried adding rice flour and it helped some, but not the best.
The package only says it's "rice flour", without specifying brown or white. You could ask the company directly - Phone: 701-884-2553 Toll-Free: 866-570-1234 email: info@premiumgoldflax.com. By the way, it's great stuff, but by the time I have made one or two waffles with this flour, the flax has been sitting too long and has absorbed all the liquid. Then the batter becomes a very jelly-like. I would not recommend using this flour alone for waffles.
It has rice flour, ground flax seed, quinoa flour, buckwheat flour, tapioca flour, arrowroot flour. and xanthun gum .... and is certified gluten free. Hope that helps.
The one I ordered was dark chocolate, with hazelnut and its worth it!!
30-35 pieces
Hello, I believe Amazon gathers all your items together if possible to get the best shipping available. Thank you for your interest. Frank Calli Books
Not sure? Mine never last long enough to worry about it.
Not that many. Fewer than I expected. I can't remember exactly, I think it was about 12 to 18.
It's just plain white vinegar
I've only had it for 4 months. I can't detect any loss in flavor in that amount of time.
I am not sure. I always just estimate. I am allergic to sulfites and found out powdered vinegar has none. This product has been a godsend.
No, there are no carbs in this product.
I haven't tried this... sorry
Not according to the label.
Don't think so
I, too, am trying to find out how to reconstitute the powder into different strength vinegars. Shouldn't the supplier have this info available for us?
It's essentilly dehydrated vinegar. You'll cough when you open the bag. We use it along with salt to make salt and vinegar chips for our restaurant.
A serving is 2 pieces which the package says is 2.8g. Total weight is 80 g(or 2.82 ounces per the package). Divide 80 grams by 2.8 grams(a serving) and you get an answer of 28.3687943 total servings; so that would be 56.7 pieces!
Yes, it's just a small bag that you can seal.
Not sure can always try it if it. Does not work give it to a friend it is great tasts great and is vegan
It doesn't say on the package. You could try pur-gum.com
Hi Lori! No, this gum does not contain Titanium dioxide, in fact it's vegan. I think this is true of all the Pur gums. You can read all the ingredients down in the descriptions. Have a great day! Laura
I'm not sure about how many are in a case, etc. I just bought the one bag of PUR Pomegranate gum with 60 pieces per bag. The gum is pretty good but runs out of flavor fast. I prefer the mint flavored PUR gums because the flavor lasts longer.
I would say about 60. It is an 80 gram package and a two piece serving is 2.8 grams.
Yes
Don't know what the "natural flavor" is, but presence of MSG very doubtful. Would likely be listed, & I would likely get a headache.
Peelu? I don't know what that is but the shell is the same as traditional gum at the store in the foil, punch through packs. It's not bad because once you chew it, it's soft just like any other gum.
Only thing I could say is that it chews like regular sugarless gum. If that works for you this will. Except for me the taste was chemical and not lasting at all.
No. It is all soft/flexible wrapper.
This gum is made in Switzerland to ensure the highest quality ingredients but also because the use of GMOs are regulated by the government and are against the federal law over there! Enjoy :-)
The package doesn't list what's in the gum base. I'll list the ingredients here:xylitol, gum base, gum arabic, natural flavours, (hah) carnauba wax, tocopherols.
I like the spearmint and wintergreen the best
Nope it 100% natural. No bad anything & very safe to chew.
Contains 1 gm of Xylitol and unlike Epic has no Titanium Dioxide which can cause cancer. It is make in Switzerland. Superior to Epic which is made in China. See pur-gum FAQ website.
57
From the manufacturers website: "If PR GUM Xylitol properties are taken from corn stalk, how do we know if it's genetically modified? PR GUM is manufactured in Switzerland, and under Swiss Law, the manufacture GMO products are prohibited. The Xylitol taken from corn fibers used in PR GUM are grown in France and Italy which are both under the European Commission, that regulates GMO free products."
no, and it doesn;t taste like having it either. Looses taste too fast (imho) but it's expected from a natural components....
I don't know, the package doesn't especifies it. But you can go to pur-gum.com and ask them. This product is made in Switzerland.
No the gum pieces are kinda small
I've only tried peppermint and pomegranate mint. The peppermint is mint-ier than the two.
The package I received when I bought around Nov 2013, the expiration date says July 2015, this resealable bag keeps the gum very well so you don't have to worry about them drying out, I really really like this brand, took a bit to get use to a cleaner taste but now it's the only gum I'll chew!!!
serving size 2 pieces = 2.8 grams --&gt; each piece = 1.4 grams. Package contents = 80 grams 80/1.4= ~57
No. No aspartame either. Good stuff.
Hello, currently Little Soya is not sold in a traditional glass bottle. We have only the fish-shaped packets like you see here on Amazon and we also sell to the food service industry in half gallon and 5 gallon size containers. We are hoping to launch in a glass bottle size later this year! Thanks for your message.
A fish is only a tablespoon or so, so I don't think it takes long to use it up. But I have left an open one in my purse for months, and it's still good. It's only water and salt and soy....what can go very bad? It's the best stuff ever.
Hi thank you for the reminder to update the description notes! That is our mistake - we will change ASAP. We will be happy to sell to you at 5.99. Sincerely, Gary T Murphy Founder & CEO Little Products Co LLC www.LittleSoya.com Main 832 409 SOYA (7692) facebook.com/LittleSoya twitter.com/LittleSoya
20mg per fish if I remember correctly
there are 303 mg of sodium in each "fish"
I'm not sure, I would think it would be best for you to ask the manufacturer directly.
It's soy sauce in little plastic fish, designed for individual use at restaurants. It is on the light side.
.27 FL Oz , 12 packets, or enough for one sushi roll. Great for seasoning chicken, steak (my favorite) or grilled salmon/fish. Less salt makes it wonderful too.
Hello Debbie, sorry for the delay in responding. Normally we receive a notice from Amazon about pending questions, but we somehow missed yours! I am inserting a complete list of ingredients: SOY SAUCE (WATER, SALT, DEFATTED SOYBEANS), WATER, SUGAR, CITRIC ACID, MODIFIED CORN STARCH, DISODIUM INOSINATE AND DISODIUM GUANYLATE, POTASSIUM SORBATE (PRESERVATIVES). [Less than 1/10 of 1% as preservative.) Sincerely, Gary Murphy, CEO Little Soya
Hello and thanks for your question. There is 303mg of sodium in each single-use, fish shaped packet. Thank you for your business! If you have other questions, please ask. We're here to help. Gary M / CEO
yes, it is a 60 count drawer, outside dimensions 10" x 16"
Yes I just got my second one yesterday and stacked it between my first one and the nespresso machine!
Yes. We have one if those units as well, and it is large and strong enough for it. In fact, it is almost the perfect size for ours, which we bought in early 2012.
It's an empty box with a capacity to place 60 capsules in it. I have my nespresso machine and milk frother situated atop this stand so it also acts as a space saver/organizer on my kitchen countertop.
You can fit the Latissima Plus, that the one I have. I eventually purchased the DecoBros Crystal Glass Wood Nespresso Storage Drawer Holder Capsules. I like this one much bettor looks great and has no issues with capsules near back of tray.
It's not that easy. You'll need a hacksaw, and/or bolt cutters, and you'll never be able to return it to it's original condition.
I doubt it. The new capsules are much larger than the previous capsules and the drawer in the picture fits the smaller pods just so.
Dear Donna, ours holds the U coffee machine and the aeroccino+. So I believe it will be suitable for citiz machine as well.
Yes. It is a divided drawer.
no
I first would like to state that Organic Traditions is a reputable company, that being said I usually just use these straight out of the bag, I store mine in the refrigerator to protect the delicate oil in them. I do not was my seeds and I have not sprouted these as of yet.
It does not say on the package but it has a label from Ecosert SA. I Google searched that, and it's an organic certification company based in South Africa, so perhaps they are grown there. It does specify on the package that they were packaged in the United States.
Sorry I put my seeds in a jar and threw away the package. Contact Organic Traditions.
Check out this web site: http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/custom/681692/1?quantity=0.67
Porcinis are mushroom. I suggest keeping them dry. Do not refrigerate!! I have my original order for several months and have yet to experience any difficulty. Open it, use it, put the lid on and put it in the pantry!!
As far as I can tell it is not processed with dairy or soy or peanuts but I do see the web site sells tree nuts.
Since this is a U.S. farm, I would think the mushrooms are grown in the U.S. But since I can't say for sure, you will probably have to contact the company.
Mushrooms are gluten free. However, many mushrooms are grown on a bed of wheat or rye, and there may be some low level cross-contamination. Even so, mushrooms generally meet the "official" standards for gluten free. If you're extremely gluten sensitive, I'd contact Hoosier Hill Farms and ask them directly. (By the way, I got most of this from googling.)
What the F ?
I presume that you mean the machine: ca. 14" x 6" x 10.8" (length-width-height). The pods are 45 cm. in diameter.
It's the closest I've come to very good restaurant quality espresso. I've had mine for 7 months and use it every day.
190 per bottle.
The ones I received recently are September of 2014
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/812PTLWVkgL._SL1500_.jpg
You need a container to "brew" the kombucha. I strongly recommend glass instead of plastic. I use a 2 gallon glass container with a spigot. I also recommend Grolsch-style beer bottles with pressure caps for the flavoring and secondary ferment. It helps with the carbonation. I hope this helps.
Absolutely. Just keep it wrapped & stored appropriately (ie: avoid temperature extremes). Perhaps wait to wrap it until a day or hours before gifting. But definitely can be done.
Hi Shelly! Actually, the longer you ferment the MORE vinegar taste. So for this batch I would stop fermenting and if it's too vinegary, simply add your favorite juice, tea, even club soda to cut the taste. And for future batches ferment for less days.. this can be achieved by taste testing your kombucha a few times a day to pick the time that's right for you! Happy Brewin', Dave :)
I am still using daughter skobies from the original skoby I purchased. Even if the original skoby was somehow exposed to a gmo product it can be bred out over a period of time. You do this by only using organic tea and sugar.
Loose leaf tea should work too.
Great question!.. each batch is a gallon of kombucha.. which is 16 eight ounce servings. 5 batches would be 5 gallons or 80 servings.
For a little profit and to pay Amazon a lot of fees.
If you ordered more than one box, you should receive the number of boxes you ordered. My order, a large box, had multiple packs in the box.
The mix says 3/4 cups of water and 1/2 cup of shredded sharp cheddar. I always add in extra cheese and a bit more garlic powder for taste. But the most important part to make these taste most like the actual red lobster biscuits is the melted butter and garlic to top them off after they are done baking.....THAT makes them taste most like the biscuits you have at the restaurant. I hope this helps!
Maybe use unsalted butter. Most of us like the salty taste and that is why we make them. Good luck.
I honestly don't know. They're so good I eat them right out of the oven and the whole tray is gone in a day or two.
It's a dry mix. You have to supply your own grated cheese and your own butter for the garlic butter sauce.
i am still using some i purchased last year and they are great.
I think about 7-10 min or so. You've got to watch them because everyone's oven is different and you wanna make sure you take them out before they start to brown. That'll ensure you get that "melt in your mouth" type of effect! (YUMMY)
The one's I have say "best by 3/28/15". I have had them for about 4 months. They are excellent. They are the same ones you get at Red Lobster.
Yes
There are a TON other ingredients that make this taste yummy.
Sugar-----0g Sodium---200mg
I remember that it was 12 bags to a case, although in the case I ordered Kaia Foods added a free bag of sprouted sunflower seeds to try.
Actually, it's one package of 12 drinks.
Yes I will consider the. Orgain pritein milk is a meal replacement But the price is too high at amazon. I can buy from local store at $21.00 for 12 packs
Ingredients : Organic Protein,Organic complex Carb.,10 Organic fruits and veggies,Vitamins and minerals Calories : 255
Starbucks drinks have a lot of sugar and these do not. I find these to have a very artificial taste. I find it off putting, but some don't seem to mind the taste.
The expiration dates vary by shipment. So far the dates are way beyond the date I open the last of the 12-pack.
No diet, this is just great easy ORGANIC food...if you eat carbs and juice for breakfast this will help as studies have shown that high protein intake to start the day is helpful...not all protein are created equal...this one is organic!
Coconut oil is non-hydrogenated, rest assured. It looks like it because of being white and solid below 76 degrees. I use it to make biscuits but have to be careful handling it as it will turn to liquid in your hands, cut it in with a butter knife. This oil is for the most part a medium chain triglyceride, too, and all MCT's do not require your gall bladder to process the oil as it does literally every other oil, highly recommended for those without a gall bladder. If there is a magic oil, it's this (followed by olive oil), forget the rest. Always make sure they're extra virgin and cold pressed.
Yes this is for cooking. You can make great tasting baked goods with coconut oil and this is a great price too! I pay almost the same price for half the amount at my local grocery store.
Because it was warmer than 76 degrees...
I have the jar in my hand and it is definitely 28 ounces
It does have an extremely slight coconut sent
Hi Tonya, yes coconut oil is gluten free. Gluten is a derivative of wheat. Thank you.
I've never mixed it in a drink but I suppose you could.
Yes. I do. Great on sun burns and really dry skin.
It is in a plastic jar. I do not recall if it said BPA free or not. Sorry I couldn't help more
The one i have right now only says "bottled in USA" interesting question.
Hi Edna, Here's the information you wanted. Here is an analysis of sea salt from the Cuyutln Lagoon. Trace minerals in milligrams per 1/4 teaspoon of sea salt: Trace Mineral Milligrams in 1/4 tsp % Chloride 601.25 50.9000 Sodium 460.00 33.0000 Sulfer 9.70 0.8200 Magnesium 5.20 0.4410 Potassium 2.70 0.2270 Calcium 1.50 0.1280 Silicon 1.20 0.0520 Carbon 0.60 0.0490 Iron 0.14 0.0120 Aluminum 0.11 0.0095 Praseodymium 0.04 0.0029 Strontium 0.03 0.0028 Zinc 0.03 0.0028 Copper 0.02 0.0020 Erbium 0.02 0.0020 Tin 0.02 0.0019 Manganese 0.02 0.0018 Cerium 0.02 0.0017 Floride (natural) 0.01 0.0011 Rubidium 0.01 0.0008 Gallium 0.01 0.0008 Boron 0.01 0.0008 Titanium 0.01 0.0008 Bromine 0.01 0.0007
That I am not sure of. I know it would dry out, but this is a question you should probably ask the seller. I have mine stored in a mason jar with a tight lid. And what I put in my grinder, I spread out on a cookie sheet for about 24 hours to remove the moisture before I put it in the grinder.
Hi - it comes from a salt water lagoon on the Pacific coast of Mexico. The salt is processed organically by hand and solar evaporation. Does that answer your question?
If by sal de grano, you mean the type of salt it's used in Latin America to cook, then yes. It is a rough type of salt but it is not like the coarse sea salt, it is a much better quality.
The salt is quite coarse - more like Kosher salt. I would suggest trying it out first and then buying a grinder if necessary
8 ounces (1/2 pound)
8-oz.
You don't have to use a lot a little goes a long way. You cans dry it out in the oven and grind it to use it as table salt.
Absolutely
That deal is over. You can use the code FIVESALT to get a $5 bag of salt. This deal will likely only last 30 days or so, so get it now.
The closest I can think of is "rzhanoi" :-). I've made it several times in my bread machine, it always turns out great. Husband approves! :-)
I can't tell you whether the lactic acid is plant or animal based. If you are a vegetarian, I would consult with the manufacturer. Sorry, I could not be of help.
i have not weighted it but my guess was around 1-1/2 lbs
Cellulose is a starch, which is an important structural component for plants. It is a complex glucose chain, but we do not have the enzymes to digest it. Our livestock do, however, and that is why they thrive on grass. For us, it is a form of dietary fiber, and therefore, does fulfill some important nutritional roles.
10. a dollar a cookie. Alot for a package of cookies; cheap compared to a bakery cookie.... I usually eat a couple/few at a time because they are so good. Regret the cost, but...love the cookie!
Ten
You get one box
I believe it is almond flour as there are no carbs
There is a pic of the values, although I can't read it on IPad. Go to Julian Bakery web site.
Colleen, our brand of erythriyol is GMO free and derived from fruit.
what is nutrition?
17 g
1 Bar : Calories, 140; Total fat, 6g; Sugars, 7g; Protein, 6g. Hope this helps.
The box says it has 5 grams.
First of all the box I received was outdated!! So beware. I asked for a refund but have heard NOTHING. Gluten free...While the ingredients do not list wheat asd an ingredient... the CONTAINS: portion says: MAY CONTAIN WHEAT INGREDIENTS. Does contain MILK. Hope this helps. L
Sorry, can't help here, ordered Pack of 6 for 23.95$ To me it looks as if it would be for on Pack - a bit much, I would say if it is so.
No, just the one box. gotta watch "deals" like that! I bought a box of stuffing for 7 bucks once not paying attention!
It really depends on how strong you want your drink. The way I like it I would guess it makes around 25 nalgene 32oz bottles
I was ripped off by the seller and only received 1 bottle (but paid the price of 6) . BUYER BEWARE!!
One per pack
I have no idea. I did not manufacture the product.
It has more compared to milk chocolate.
This is 100% cocoa as described. This is not hot cocoa mix. No milk at all.
I am sorry to say, I am not real sure. I am not as caffeine sensitive as most people so I don' really pay attention to the caffeine strength. It is however the finest tasting chocolate I have ever tasted. If you are a chocolate lover then you will like it.
There is a difference between pick up price and delivery price.
No! Ghirardelli is the best chocolate available at a reasonable price.
I personally use a tablespoon or 1/2 of a tablespoon. Depending on how much milk you using. Also remember cocoa is a bit bitter so using a lot will make the hot chocolate taste a bit bitter if the cocoa is not dissolve completely. And I don't like my hot chocolate too dark. So I basically use this cocoa, a pinch of salt to bring out that flavor! And sugar! Throw some marsmellows too!
No it's not dutched. It is not extremely smooth like dutched but I much prefer the flavor.
mine is 4/30/2015.
It is boneless and skinless. I eat everything in the can. It's great on crackers. (NOTE: In an earlier version of this answer I said "It is boneless, but not skinless." However, I was thinking of Cole's sardines, which are also excellent. The mackerel is, in fact, skinless. Sorry for the confusion.)
the ones I ordered have an expiration date of 2018. Good fish!
Serving size: 1 (1 can) Calories: 266 Total Fat: 23 g | 35% Sat Fat: 5.5 g | 29% Trans Fat: 0 g Cholesterol: 32 mg | 11 % Sodium: 314 mg | 12 % Total Carbohydrates: 0 g Protein: 19 g
Not sure. It has been finished long time ago. Sorry
There's no indication on the Box about the material used for a container, except a mysterious sign "PT C 230 1P CE" printed on the Box, and repeated (imprinted) on the Can. However, according to Cole's website: "Packaged 100% BPA FREE * All Natural * No Preservatives or Additives".
It's much more. Prob about 3 cups.
From the Valrhona website: Pure Unsweetened Cocoa Powder Dutched Cocoa Powder (processed with alkali) A very pure and intense cocoa taste, with a very warm red mahogany color.
I just tasted it and it seems unsweetened. I haven't used it for baking yet so I can't really know for sure.
All right, just pulled out the trusty tape measure from the toolbox. The dimensions are 5 x 2.5 x 4. I have no idea why they're so off in the description.
I haven't used it yet, but my son is a Chef and he said the kitchen's he's been in use this product and recommend it. I don't know about the answer to long-term health.
I can't be sure, but the Valrhona factory also makes regular chocolates including milk chocolate, so I doubt it's a dairy-free factory.
According to some, a good ratio is 2 Tbsp unsweetened cocoa powder for every cup of liquid, with 1-2 Tbsp of sweetener. Others suggest a heaping Tbsp of cocoa/slightly over a Tbsp sweetener/cup of liquid.
From the official site: http://www.valrhona-chocolate.com/shop/Cocoa-Powder-100-10671.html Serving Size: 1 Serving Size Per Container: 6 Total Fat: 9g Total Carbohydrate: 16g Protein: 9g 1 serving (~41.66g) or (1.47oz) has a total of 181 calories (14g) has a total of 60.816 calories The entire container (250g) or (8.82oz) has a total of 1086 calories
Yes, Vairhona has a lighter mor agreeable taste
No
24
1"/1"
No, all the same red color. They are also actually really small.
Yes.
Yes, the ones used in this brand are.
Unfortunately Amazon has many predatory sellers which make many purchases "buy at your own risk".
It is 2 boxes each having 32 ounces! So 64 total ounces!
I am not sure because I always keep mine in the frig and that way it keeps forever and stays fresh.
I do not know if it is GE, but when you cook it, it smells like stinky feet. I have never had wild rice smell like that. My advice is to just pass on this one.
We don't know, but it's as close to the real wild rice like that grown by the Indians in Northern Wisconsin as we can find commercially.
You are right. More like the consistency of thin peanut butter. You need to stir it well before using.
PET 1 is BPA-FREE... PET stands for polyethylene terephthalate. PET (also known as PETE) is designated by a recyclable "1." Most often found in single-serve plastic bottles, such as those used for water or soft drinks, PET is a safe, recyclable material that contains no BPA. More info on that here: http://www.factsonpet.com/frequently-asked-questions/
The sesame oil rises to the top. It takes a minute or two of stirring to get it well mixed.
I looked on my jar..only said allergy information: contains sesame seeds. I am not sure how you would find out. I am sorry I was not much help.
Great dressings and sauces - try this - http://healthycookingcamp.com/recipe-simple-tahini-dressing/
In the fridge and it lasts for a very long time...months.
I received two jars in this purchase
It taste toasted. The color is tan to light brown. There is some oil on top, so it needs to be stirred
There is no expiration date on the container.
Yes. The label states "Product of Israel - produced by A.D.T." It is imported by BHNS Group of Brooklyn NY.
It reads on the container "Bottled in the USA" Does not state where the oil comes from
I presume it could, though I think pulling is typically done with a thinner oil like sunflower or safflower.
Ingedients: Organic Coconut Oil (100%). This is exactly the way it appears on the label. Hope this is helpful!
I do not believe so. This has been heated, no matter what they claim. Turns brown when melted (should be clear) and does not have coconut scent. This is OK for a body oil, but would not use it to cook with unless you can only afford this price. You get what you pay for with these oils and the bit more is well worth it. I use it for hands and to put in my dog's food. Good for dog's coat. Hope this helps to make a better choice.
Yes. And is the best chicken on the mkt. Tried them all. We love using this for chicken salad and I buy it by the case.
The can label says "all natural, in water, minimally processed with no artificial ingredients, no preservatives, no MSG, fully cooked, ready to serve". The ingredients list reads "chicken breast meat, water, salt" The nutritional facts say carbs-0%, sugars-0%. The phone number for "comments and suggestions" is 1-888-301-0332, Mon-Fri 8-5pm CST, email address is apparently samsclub.com. Hope it works out for you....
Zim, This Daily Chef canned chicken has a shelf life of about 2 to 21/2 years. In my opinion it's the best tasting canned chicken on the market!! I hope this helps. Merry Christmas!!!!
Hello :o) The can says it is distributed in Bentonville , Arizona. Here is a toll free number you can call ... 1-888-301-0332 8 am to 5 pm CST ... Mon. thru Fri. ... I would like to add that this is the best can chicken I have found. Good luck :o)
5 servings per ca. 250 mg sodium per serving
I do not know but doubt it. Sam's Club will do justice.
Chicken breast meat, water, salt. That's it. No preservatives. No MSG. All natural ingredients.
Hello, I know for a fact it doesnt have any seasoning and i dont believe it has any salt either but Im not positive on the salt...I will check and get back to you. Thanks
Morning, Our warehouse is located in San Diego. All our seeds are grown in either Mexico, Nicaragua or Boliva and while they are not certified organic, we have a strict commitment to zero pesticides, chemicals or irradiated cleaning processes. If you visit our website, www.chosenfoods.com, you will get a good understanding of the commitment we have to quality and purity. We lab test many, many other brands of chia seeds - including "organic". Often, those labeled organic have higher concentrations of pesticides and chemicals then those with out the label. Hope this helps!
I really don't know. I have used one full bag and plan to order again. Prior to this i was taking lifemax at $50 a pound. I really can't tell any difference and feel good eating it.
No I didn't think to, it felt like 10 ponds holding it.
Mine came in a plastic bag.
I didn't used it for potatoes au gratin, and I probably won't use it for anything in the future. The powder really didn't have enough "cheesy" flavor for me.
Since the bag said "Kraft" I looked on the Kraft Mac & Cheese label. "580mg or 24-30%"
Serving size (20g) Calories 90 Calories from fat 50 Total Fat 5g (8%) Saturated Fat 2g (10%) Trans Fat 5g (8%) Cholesterol 10mg (3%) Total Carbohydrate 8g (3%) Protein 3g
Here are the ingredients: A dehydrated blend of cheese (granular and blue pasteurized milk, cheese culture, salt, enzymes), whey, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, whey protein concentrate, lactose, maltodextrin, salt, sodium phosphate, citric acid, lactic acid, yellow 5, yellow 6. It says on the bottom that it contains milk and soy ingredients. I see no wheat listed.
Hi Roderic, unfortunately, my 1 pound bag didn't come with a nutritional label. But Kraft Foods produced the cheddar cheese powder, and the nutritional information for the cheese powder under that brand name was easily found on line. I almost wished I hadn't. The website where I found the information gave the product a nutritional grade "F". Here's the particulars: Bulk Cheddar Cheese Powder F Grade 469 Calories Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 cup (100 g) Per Serving % Daily Value* Calories 469 Calories from Fat 243 Total Fat 27.0g 42% Saturated Fat 10.6g 53% Polyunsaturated Fat 1.0g Monounsaturated Fat 6.6g Cholesterol 58mg 19% Sodium 3677mg 153% Carbohydrates 41.1g 14% Dietary Fiber 0.4g 2% Sugars 30.9g Protein 15.9g Vitamin A 10% Vitamin C 2% Calcium 42% Iron 2% Read more: Calories in Kraft - Bulk Cheddar Cheese Powder | Nutrition and Health Facts http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-kraft-bulk-cheddar-cheese-powder-i317487#ixzz2iEgujyDi
One pound
So far, I had this product for about two months, and it's still good. As long as the product is kept in a cool, dry place and being stored in a airtight container or bag, it will last for a good while. Thanks!
Hello there, Its 5 Inch long Cinnamon sticks. AmazingITpS
Great product! Love it and use it daily! Came with over 30 sticks. I grind them in my mini coffee grinder and use it in everything from smoothies and baking to teas and detox drinks.
To keep them fresh, I put them in a large zip loc bag and kept them in the cupboard. They are dried so there is no need to refrigerate or anything like that. It took me about 3 months to use all of them up and they remained fresh during that time. I would think they could be used much longer as long you keep them in a sealed storage bag. They won't get moldy or spoiled.
I opened mine and used some but if I remember correctly there were about twenty or so...
The sticks are 5" long and about 3/4" across the top. Much different than what I'm accustomed to but very nice. Also, this type of cinnamon is supposedly more beneficial to our health. Shipping time is worth the wait. More info than you asked for but I hope it helps!
I have already written a review on this product.
Usually It deliver within 21 business days from Sri Lanka to yours destination . If you wish to have Express shipping we offer DHL express delivery and you can choose the shipping method at the check out . cheers
Yes , I hand pick ,pack and ship from sri lanka via registered air mail. AmazingITP
No, the larger cinnamon sticks do not have more flavor, just longer lasting flavor because it's larger. The difference between 3" and 5" is 2". Enjoy!
It does taste good, it's hard to describe the flavour though if you've never had any ramune flavor candies. You can faintly taste what a real ramune taste like, and it also has almost a citrus taste to it, I bet that citric acid might be one of the ingredients. The foaming stuff has a very strong, fun flavor, and the little jelly balls are lightly sweet and fun to pop.
The grape tastes mor like medication to me then I question what's in this stuff but I like the soda because it is more bubbly and fizzy.
1 or 2 days
Probably simple stuff with other artificial ingredients. Doesn't taste that good because it has some salty (msg type of salty) flavor which sucks because it would've tasted great if it was sweet.
The price is $25.99+ shipping fee $4.49
tbh it used to be 3.99 but i think it changed so yeah... but get it somewhere else too
one pack
I bought three individual packets for a total of 10.65 and I got free shipping too... It's not worth 17 bucks if its just one. Hope that helps.
Well it would depend on were you live. Since it comes from Japan it will take a couple weeks like 2 or 3ish. i hope this was helpful for you! :) Also, I got mine within' the month i ordered it.
It takes about 2 or 3 weeks. thanks
Both are good. The grape is a more familiar flavor, so I liked it a little bit better. The soda flavor tastes like root beer flavored bottle caps candies. So it depends on what you would prefer. I would recommend the grape.
The taste is very unique. I personally thought it tasted pretty good.
80 calories per lollipop
Hard. Not chewy at all. But they are very good if you like suckers.
I think about a dozen. Butterscotch continues to rule.
My box had 14 in it.
100
Nutritional Facts: Serving Size: 22 g Calories: 100 Total Fat: 4 g Saturated Fat: 1 g Cholestoerol: 0 mg Sodium: 240 mg Potassium: 0 mg Total Carbs: 13 g Dietary Fiber: 1 g Sugars: 6 g Protein: 3 g
I weighed them and there are about 27. They are small.
No they are not. However, this company does make a peanut butter powder that is gluten free. It is their PB2, which is really good.
5g per every 2tbsp
No, I haven't...I have used it primarily in smoothies and oatmeal and love it for it's taste and ease of use in recipes.
Not the original flavor however they do have a Chocolate peanut butter variety
I bought some a month or so back and the expiration date is 03 06 15. I hadn't paid attention to that so I'm glad you asked. I just put one of my two containers in the frig thinking that might extend its time in case I don't get to it before then.
Sorry, we do not. Thanks
You are getting a nice discount off the second bottle. 7.50 for the 1st bottle and 3.45 for the second bottle.
2T 45 calories; 1.5 fat,5 carbs, 2 fiber, 1 sugar, 5protein, and 94 sodium
About 30 as I recall.
No
the candy is like finger size, the bag is big
They were a out 3-4 inches long. Just like the ones you see at the bulk candy shops. They were very fresh as well.
It's sweet. Paprika is either sweet or hot and this is not hot at all.
Definitely more of a sweet flavor in my opinion. I used it as part of a dry rub for smoking a brisket.
The Paprika is packaged in Fort Wayne, Indiana. My guess is the actual paprika is from Hungary based on the label.
Why would you? Honey doesn't mold nor spoil and only gets thick in the refrigerator. You can....but there is no reason to.
I suggest you contact the company and ask them these questions. All I can tell you is what's on the bottle. On the bottle it says "Since 1973 we've partnered with local beekeepers to bring you the finest pure raw honey." " We only use low temperature melting and simple straining to maintain all the pollens, enzymes, vitamins and minerals that overheating and force-filtering destroy." On the front it says" raw & gently filtered". I've been using this honey for years and love the flavor. If you're looking for the company's definition of these specific words you'll have to ask them.
Sorry I am no connoisseur of honey. But I have a good palate, and this honey is delicious, and I recommend it highly.
Yes. All honey will. Put in pan of warm water an crystals will disolve
That's what I received. We love the taste. Reminds me of the honey I had when I was a kid.
The honey bottle is marked HDPE with recycle symbol 2. I believe this indicates that it is BPA-free.
Yes, the label states it is 100% pure honey made in the USA.
It never has for me.
I don't think it does because the label says it's pure organic honey... period. It also doesn't taste like the cheap honey you buy at grocery store.
They were sold by weight
They supposedly found honey in the pyramids and it was still eatable.
I will write what is on the label: We only use low temperature melting and simple straining to maintain all the pollens, enzymes, vitamins and minerals that overheating and force-filtering destroy. This is just a part of the wording. On the front it states: RAW AND GENTLY FILTERED and pure honey.
No. It stays the same over time. Same taste and same texture. It's just difficult to squeeze out of the bottle if it gets cold in winter.
Colorado
I mix it in lemon water, never try mead.
Of course!! Put the bottle in a pan of warm water until it is as warm as you like.
Yes
Yes
Yes the 23 oz also comes in a 4 pack.
16.9
30
30
the day you stop using the gatorade due to potential health hazards
Truthfully I bough it so log ago, i brlirve they offer a 6 pack ad a 12 pack
It doesn't contain animal gelatin.
Yes, however it is in Japanese
Yes some food color dyes but that's it!
No but it shows how much water to add and it's pretty straight forward from there
Yes it tasted amazing like a cookie and was on of the most fun ones to make
The completed item is size of children's hand.
I don't know exactly, but it was a dry powder that you added water too, I would think it would be ok till then, believe me, it won't last beyond the day you give it, it was pretty neat.
Hello, unfortunately, they are all in Japanese. Thanks.
Yes it was nut free but it I would check it up on Google but from making it and being a little allergic to nuts it didn't taste nor did i react to it
There is a 5 digit code on the bottom of each can... the first character being the content.. in this case 'j' for ground beef.. the second character being the last digit of the year it was produced, and the last 3 digits are the day of the year it was produced. According to keystone, a can in good condition and stored properly has a shelf life of five years. On their stie, at the bottom of the left menu, you'll see 'expiration date and shelf life', which is a link that explains everything. Hoping that is more helpful than the other answers that were posted.
The shredded beef is actually cooked Roast Beef...love it.
No
you can take the beef out of can, make as a meatloaf, fry the meatballs, top the spaghetti and enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!
$5 at Walmart
I'd probably wait another month or so. They do "melt" in their mouths, but until he's really good at eating chunkier purees and starts some solids I'd hold off on these. Their fine motor skills aren't developed enough yet to have the coordination to pick it up and put it in their mouth. I've always started with organic baby mum mums (rice rusk). It's large enough for them to hold and it melts faster than the puffs do.
I would say no. It's pretty much like eating air. Try the gerber banana cookies or the wagon wheels or little crunchies. They don't require much chewing but have more taste and substance.
Mine has an expiration date of June 19, 2015
Honestly, it's very bland, but it's ok. If you're looking for "sweet" this isn't for you. However, I will order again.
Serving size...32g Calories..130 Calories from Fat...110 Total Fat...12g Saturated Fat...5g Trans Fat...0g Cholesterol...0g Sodium...5g Total Carb...18g Dietary Fiber...11g Sugars....0g Serving Size...32g Calories...130 Calories from Fat....110 Total Fat...12g Saturated Fat...5g Trans Fat...0g Cholesterol...0mg Sodium...5mg Total Carb...18g Dietary Fiber...11g Sugars...0g Erythritol...5g Protein...1g Gluten-Free
No it doesn't.
The sweeteners used are Erythritol and Chicory (dietary fiber). Two natural sweeteners from plants. No Calories and Zero Glycemic index
Yes. Then microwaved portion for 10 sec
There are 65 Calories per tablespoon
Milk
The ingredient list has always been posted under 'Important Information' in Amazon.com http://www.amazon.com/NUTILIGHT-SUGAR-HAZELNUT-COCOA-SPREAD/dp/B00B5I1ZO6/ref=cm_cd_al_qh_dp_t Ingredient list: (Chicory) Dietary Fiber*, Palm Oil, Erythritol*, Hazelnut, Cocoa Powder, Sunflower Lecithin, Pure Vanilla Extract
Based on the way fish sauce was made, I doubt there is a shelf life
Yes, the sauce comes in glass bottles. My bottles were shipped in bubblewrap and styro peanuts. Arrived in perfect condition.
Better. It is the smoothest I've ever used, the aroma is pleasant, flavor is superior--even compared to an Italian Garum. It really is extra fine quality, that's not hype. I was surprised. I was expecting typical fish sauce. And if you're wondering, it arrived in perfect condition.
The ingredients on the label are anchovies and sea salt. It is recommended by Michelle Tam, a superstar in the paleo cookbook world, she doesn't use soy.
Very high. 1 tablespoon serving is 62% of the (U.S.) daily sodium recommendation.
1 tablespoon is a serving and has (gasp) 1490 mg salt! However, that is enough to season a dish for four. Still a lot. Still really good.
The bottle label indicates that it is made in Vietnam.
There are no rules. I have added it to Salmon Chowder, Bloody Mary Smoothies, cauliflower rice, sauteed calamari, veggies that I saute in the morning, etc. I combine it with Coconut Aminos to replace soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, etc.
It has two listed ingredients: anchovy and sea salt.
It is sorghum syrup which is gluten free.
It is ingredients for a 5 gallon batch
It's an ingredients kit -- you still need all of the brewing equipment.
Hi! I'm a frequent buyer of black cocoa (Blommer, King Arthur, Jellybean, Frontier, et al) and I can tell you that the thumbnail image on this page is indeed inaccurate. The "Jet Black" cocoa sold here by Blommer is definitely black due to intensified Dutching. Ignore that little picture and enjoy your black brownies in peace! :-)
Hello! Our current batch expires June of 2016 but we do get fresh product in weekly so that date is expected to change.
Blommer's has many different cocoa powders - see the link to the pdf below that goes into more detail on these. The black one that I purchased is the Jet Black cocoa powder. A Sudan Dutch will still be a brown powder. If you are in Chicago you can go to the store, but they don't always have all of the cocoas available there, it just depends what's being manufactured at the time. http://www.blommer.com/_documents/blommer-cocoa-powder-ds-0511.pdf
Hi! This listing is for 1 lb (16 oz) of cocoa. Hope this helps!
Guess it depends on when you buy it?????? Mine are long gone.
Per the container 25.5 pieces.
Yes. They are wonderful. Soft caramel and salt
Yes - If your Brew & Save Plastic ones fit, so will the metal version. The K-10 Mini takes all standard size K-Cups but not the OEM Keurig Re-useable Insert.
No! - The Series 2.0 Brewers read data off of the K-Cup to determine what the beverage is and how much water to use. The original My K-Cup and all other Universal K-Cup reusables will NOT work with the Series 2.0 Brewers.
Paper filters are not needed, though you will get a few fine grounds in the bottom of the cup. Also, this cup works best if you don't don't grind the coffee too fine. Some pre-ground coffee doesn't work too well because it is ground too fine.
As far as I know, this cup fits only the K cup series.
Yes it does
One pod doesn't give you very much. Maybe one and a half shots? If that.
The Rivo uses special Lavazza espresso pods whereas the Keurig K cups are drip coffee. This machine is for espresso (lattes, cappuccino, etc)
i do not know but it is all we use and it is very good and robust you might check on their web site, but coffee manufactures do not have to list the caffeine amount I would assume that it is 100 percent caffine
According to their website, these are grown in Mexico.
I have celiac and have been eating these with no problems.
The label does not specifically say where the seeds are grown and processed, but they give the following websites: www.kevala.net and info@kevala.net Hope this helps you.
Since they are organic they would need to be non GMO.
Hello Pineforest9369. The Kevala Organic Sesame Seeds go through a steaming process. This process is very simple, approved for organic products, the seeds remain raw but it affects the sprouting ability of the sesame seeds. So not all of them will germinate. Hope this information helps.
The bag I ordered in Feb 2015 has an expiration date of Jan 2016.
No
I make cookies with them go to the food network and look for Regina cookies. I also use them in cooking mixing them with bread crumbs for breading fish, chicken, pork, adds a crunch and a different taste. Enjoy
Bake into bread, put on salad or any hot meal, sesame chicken. you can toast or eat raw.
Honestly, I'm not sure. I keep mine in an airtight container in my pantry and so far have not had any problems. I use them so they aren't in the pantry for more than a few months.
No. We keep them in our freezer and eat them as is out of freezer. They're excellent tasting and as a food stuff.
I contacted Kevala direct, and the respresentative told me Mexico. 7/5/13
Yes, it is normal.
No. this is a black hulled sesame. Nigella sativa is also known as black cumin & used in Indian cookery.
I've used mine up, and so can't say for sure, but as I recall I was somehow pleasantly surprised re. that. I'm not sure they're grown in the US, but the way I remember it they are NOT from China. And, also, I did really like them, and do plan to reorder... :) Hope that helps...
Yes, Especially when you boil them. I worried about that myself and wondered if it was normal, or if it would be staining to my teeth or clothing, but I have not had any problem with that at all. Hope that helps
From their website: Most of our products are made in the US but, since our passion is to offer genuine pure ingredients, we sometimes need to go in search of them in other countries as they are not always available at home. Our Organic Raw Honey is harvested in the tropical forest of Oaxaca, where we make sure that the bee habitat is respected and protected. Our Organic Agave Nectar comes from Mexico's Blue Agave fields. Our Organic Olive Oil is truly Mediterranean, picked and cold pressed following ancient Tunisian traditions. Wherever the source may be, more than 90% of our products are bottled in the US always complying with both the FDA and USDA's high quality standards.
Hello, there is no added ingredients, only toasted sesame seeds. All Kevala Products are made of only 1 single ingredient. Enjoy!
Out of the bag...tossed into the mouth....from initial unsealing... to final, fantastically delicious very last seed....not long enough !...great product!...
They are NOT hulled.
No need to toast these... They are already toasted and delicious as is. Not sure where they are grown.
I would not be too concerned about the expiration date. I believe toasted sesame seeds will keep indefinitely.
I bought these to make my own tahini and the recipe called for toasted most probably for a better flavor. I did grind them.
The only ingredient in this is Cheddar Cheese. As I have never heard of any cheddar cheese having gluten, I would have to say in my honest opinion....No. However, I am not a scientist nor a medical professional. Therefore, I am unqualified to give a medical opinion on this. However, I will say that this is the only cheese powder to be found in the USA that has no added sugars, salts, preservatives, anything else. It's ingredient is listed as cheddar cheese. That's it. One item. Cheddar Cheese and it is GOOD! It makes excellent cheese popcorn. It improves the cheesy goodness in macaroni and cheese. It also saved my family from near-weekly helpings of Goulash (ref: my previous review).
According to the label on it and the label on a bag of shredded cheddar they are exactly the same.
I can't say for sure but I believe so, nothing on the package indicates any association with peanuts. The label reads "All of our products are packaged by hand the old-fashioned way in our packaging facility located in Indiana...America's heartland (Hoosier Hill Farm LLC Fort Wayne, Indiana USA 46808). The ingredients are listed as: A dehydrated blend of cheese (granular and blue (pasteurized milk, cheese cultures, salt enzymes)), whey, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, whey protein concentrate, lactose, maltodextrin, salt, sodium, phosphate, citric acid, lactic acid, yellow 5, yellow 6. *Contains milk and soy ingredients. Nothing else is listed aside from the nutritional content and a product summary / snack suggestions.
I purchased mine in March of this year and it has an expiration date on it of May/2014
Kristie, believe it or not there is no nutrition information on this container, just the ingredients. Therefore there is no way to answer your question...: (
USDA Organic is a trademarked term owned by the USDA. It has standards which must be met, and certified, before they allow a company to claim their product is USDA Organic. It is important to remember the term "USDA Organic" has no bearing on the quality of the food you are eating only the manufacture has complied with the USDA regulations.
Yes glass jar. It is only raw honey.
Hi Samantha. So far, every one of their honey products I have purchased, has been raw. Most of the labels say raw, unpasteurized, unfiltered. I hope this helps you.
I finished mine long ago, but I believe it is mostly honey, with a bit of oral jelly.
All I know is the one i purchased was a hard paste like I am used to getting when I buy natural unprocessed honey. I was very happy with it.
We have review our database and we do show that the 1 lb container is the largest one they have.
I have not tried the non organic version. But you can feel the fresh taste in the organic version though.
Glass
No
Yes, the jars I have received have expiration dates on them. It looks like they have a three (3) year shelf life.
I would figure it means, untouched by buildings or towns or 'people' activity. To find out more one would have to go directly to Y.S. Organic Bee Farms in Sheridan, Il. 60551
I have never had a problem with breakage, and I have received orders several times for home use, and I have ordered the honey for shipment to friends or family as gifts. Each jar is abundantly wrapped and the outer box is sturdy. My largest order was 4 jars and all were securely wrapped and boxed.
No, it keeps well without refrigeration. This a Great product!
Not at all.
It is a healthy wonderful product. It is very good for you and low sodium. I use to use Bragg's soy aminos but the soy is not healthy and it still had to much sodium. The flavor is great and tastes better then regular soy sauce that has loads of sodium.
Coconut Aminos is Gluten free I would know having a child with Celiac.
1g per tsp = 3g per Tbsp. I'll try to post some pics of the label. Flavor is strong - a little goes a long ways!
Health Secrets of Coconut Aminos When the coconut tree is tapped it produces a highly nutrient-rich "sap" that exudes from the coconut blossoms. This sap is raw, very low glycemic, an abundant source of 17 amino acids, minerals, vitamins, and has a nearly neutral pH. A comparison between coconut tree sap and soy, shows that coconut sap contains 2-14 times the amino acid content of soy. Small batches ensure that our organic, low glycemic Coconut Aminos, made from this natural sap, is a raw enzymatically alive product aged and blended with sun dried, mineral-rich sea salt, hand gathered from pristine waters near the southern islands of the Philippine coast. http://www.iherb.com/coconut-secret-raw-coconut-aminos-soy-free-seasoning-sauce-8-fl-oz-237-ml/24098
Anything you would usually put soy sauce in or on. I actually prefer the flavor of this over soy sauce. I usually just put it over rice when I have rice on the side of a dish.
This product says it is made from Organic Coconut Sap with Sea Salt. It is Gluten-free, there should be no nut products in this product. I guess there is always a chance for cross contamination in a product with anything. If you are that sensitive to nuts, probably best to write the company direct for an official response.
Organic coconut sap aged and blended with sun dried, mineral rich sea salt.
I just contacted the company directly, since I had considered buying this brand myself. They emailed me back saying they are in fact manufactured in China. I have since found a brand called CB's Nuts, which is organic and grown in the USA!!! They sell both hulled and unhulled organic pumpkin seeds!!! Found here; http://cbsnuts.com/wp/shop/
No
The shells are not on them.
No shells
Yes.
Yes
i have a keurig classic brewer and the baskets i bought are perfect and long lasting. prior to finding these, i had to buy the whole k-cup set-up for approximately $20 a pop. thank you amazon!
these baskets are 1.5 inches tall. i was not aware that they come in 2' as well. good luck in your search!
This fits inside an original Keurig refillable k-cup. There is not lid because it sets inside and there us a lid that twists on. I had bought the type with the lid and returned it because the lid kept popping off.
In Short - No This is only a replacement strainer. You need the Kuerig brand holder with cover without piercing pin for the strainer to work.
I don't know...my Cuisinart is model SS700.
They are to be used with the My K-Cup Filter; that replaces the need for packets.
they will hold more grounds so you can make stronger coffee or you can select a smaller cup size and the coffee is stronger
Label states it is only "anchovy and salt" - 1oz serving has 340mg of salt, 1.5g total fat, 90 calories (15 from fat), 70mg cholesterol, 19g of protein. Nothing about MSG. They are very addictive if you're into dried fish.
There is salt.
I would say no. I mostly use it for fish stock
90 cal/1 oz serving (6oz bag); 15 cal from fat; 1.5g fat (1g sat, 0 trans); 70mg cholesterol; 340mg sodium; 0 carbs; 0 sigar; 19g protein
I emailed Nutiva directly. Here is their response: "We are now labeling all of our coconut oil as virgin coconut oil. It is still the same high quality, organic coconut oil that we have always sold. Some countries, like Canada, do not allow the use of the term extra virgin to describe coconut oil. As we expand into other markets around the world it was thought best to use the term virgin coconut oil across our entire line instead of using different terms for the exact same product in different countries. We haven't changed the quality of our coconut oil, only our label. There is no difference between virgin and extra virgin coconut oil. They are both marketing terms with no definition in law or regulations. Unlike olive oil which has multiple pressings, organic coconut oil has just one pressing. Our coconut oil is the same product as before, but we are using a different marketing term on the label." It would be nice if the sellers of this product would let consumers know about this, as Nutiva says they've asked all of their retailers to inform their customers. This knowledge would have saved me much time and hassle.
It is pure unrefined and it tastes coconutty! I love it and use it instead of butter in baked goods, in my face creams, and my hair!!
it is a non-bpa container. it is bpa free.
The best oil to deep fry in healthwise, but it adds a certain nutty flavor that some people don't like.
I am almost positive it is bpa free, but not 100% certain.
Yes
No Lawrence F. you did not understand the question, there is a number on the bottom of most if not all plastic containers for specific type of plastic which is what Sandra B was asking for and not how many jars, pardon the interruption.
It is a plastic container.
Best before date is January and february 2017 in our inventory
Opaque
best advice i can provide: google: katz's corn beef or pastrami recipe. they provide excellent directions/instructions for curing your own meat whether it be corned beef or pastrami.
DQ#1 is sodium nitrite. It could be mislabeled. If it is nitrite, it will be pink, they don't dye sodium nitrate pink in production.
It is a curing salt that I use in bacon, hams etc. It is used to cure pastrami and there are many recipes on line. Keep it away from animals and kids.
It just comes in a plastic sealed bag
I believe it is only 1 tsp. you use very little.
My container was shipped through spice land USA, NY. Doesn't say country of Origen, if different from USA. Sorry I couldn't help.
If keep in a cool dark place without allot of humidity this product will be good for a min of one year
Don't know...sorry...I am out of state or else I would look on package
I'm pretty sure its 32 oz.
32 ounces Concentrate mixed with water makes 2 gallons
Serving size: 1 ounce, Calories: 80, Sodium: 15mg, Potassium: 202mg, Total Carb: 19g, Sugars: 15g
Bottled in PET 1 plastic, BPA free and fully Recyclable
One
I put 2tablespoons in a 6-8 ounce glass of water.
It's 100% concentrated Montmorency Cherry juice. It tastes great.
According to the nutritional label there is 0%
yes.
It is a plastic bottle.
Calories = 200, Protein = 6, Fiber = 7. If you have a chocolate craving, this will help you stay away from chocolate candy bars and etc....
Around 180-200 per bar. The added sugars are very low, however.
Hi, on the bottom of the box it says made in U.S.A. It also says brought to you by KIND LLC, po box 705 Midtown Station, NY NY. 10018 855.884.KIND www.kindsnacks.com. I hope this helps. They are delicious!
Usually they sell them as (2) packages of (4) tortillas each. They are VERY good. I was missing flour tortillas so much, until I found these. Their other GF products are amazing too.
Per pkg ingredient list: Ingredients : water, brown rice flour, tapioca flour, palm fruit oil, white rice flour, golden flax seed meal, sugar, xanthan gum, potato flour, yeast, baking powder, psyllium husk powder, salt. No major allergens.
I used them fairly quickly, but at least a week, I think.
Total carb = 29 g Dietary fiber = 1 g Sugar = 13 g
I think they are 130 calories...
When defrosting I dampened a a paper towel and put it in the bag. It helped to keep them pliable. When making enchiladas or quesadillas you don't have to because heating them with a little oil in the pan is enough. They are MUCH better than the brown rice ones I got at the grocery store! The man loves them and it's one more item that let's him eat "normal" food.
Yes I have frozen them with no issues.
It's gluten free, by new grains...the company's name who produces them. While rice may be a grain it does not contain gluten, which causes an allergic reaction in people with celiacs
sorry - I transferred them to a zip lock bag in my frig so I don't have the original package. I thought they were good, though.
154 oz. says it right on the canister.
Never had an issue with early expiration My last order "feb 2015 " is what's under the container
I have purchasing my formula from Amazon for 2 years now - the expiration date is always a year. Better than the expiration dates at the grocery stores!
Yes
The older ones may still say nestle. It was bought by Gerber, so all newer packaging should say Gerber.
Nestle
Nestl makes Gerber products.
july 2014
I believe Graduates is the new name. I buy the Gentle formula. The price is great. Hope this helps
I'd also like to know. I purchased 2 containers recently, but I haven't switched yet.
Yes its the original flavor
They are made in Jakarta, Indonesia. I will try to upload a picture so you can see what is printed in the back of the packaging.
Yes, you can find those here http://www.amazon.com/dp/B009S1BMUO.
It's an Indonesian brand not Chinese
No. It is not a vegetarian product. Chicken stock is used as "Natural Flavouring" in the seasoning powder. In fairness though, as a vegetarian of nearly ten years who has eaten this product, I can say it didn't make me very sick. Any adverse bowel effects can be just as easily explained by how heavily processed the food is. Also, it is delicious. While I lived in Australia I called the customer service number to confirm what I then thought to be a rumour. It is true. The seasoning is not vegetarian.
It doesn't say on the container. But it does note that the sunbutter is made on equipment also used to roast soybeans, so if you have a concern about cross-contamination you may want to stay away. (A side note: I have yet to find any brand of sunflower seed butter that doesn't share equipment with soy or nuts. I also haven't found a sunflower seed provider that doesn't have a similar cross-contamination problem, so I can't even make my own sunflower butter. I have no good solution to this problem except hemp butter, which is $8/pound and tastes like grass. Not pot, just grass. Fortunately my two soy-allergic children have shown no reaction at all to sunbutter, and we go through a 5-lb tub every 9-12 days.)
The two I bought in mid-June are good until 05/2015.
Yes
It DOES NOT say roasted in the ingredients.
Yes it does. It's OU. Parve.
3 grams per 32 gram serving. (Two tablespoons = 32 grams)
I doesn't claim to be on the packaging but that claim really doesn't hold much water in my opinion anyway. What does "natural" really mean these days, it's not regulated and anyone can put that on their label. When I read the ingredients, it all looks healthy to me. No artificial colors or flavors and no nasty preservatives that are not allowed on the Feingold program that my family follows.
jan 1, 2014.
5g improver to 264g total flours works well for 50% whole wheat/ 50% bread flour with wheat germ and oat bran added.
I have the same question. We need ask this question to manufacturer "M & M Foods" not another user. I have discontinue using it for no ingredients list on the product. I believe it is against FDA regulation. It works. But without ingredients list. I will not put it into my product nor my mouth. I will not risk my business nor my health.
The package ingredients do not say, and I cannot speak for the manufacturing company but I suspect it does. I have used it twice and I am happy with the results. It does make a smaller crumb and makes the bread rise even more. If gluten is your concern because of allergies, do not use it.
In Our opinion - Professional Dough Improver will give you much better results overall.
It is not a preservative... Granulated Lecithin is a natural preservative...I use it in all my baking.. Dough enhancer makes breads/cakes, etc lighter and rise higher.,, never made bagels,,but wouldn't hurt them don't imagine... they wouldn't be as dense I suspect.
I never had dough relaxer before, and profession dough improver, it woks very well for me. good luck folks.
Our ingredient list for the dough improver is: wheat flour, datem, dextrose, soybean oil, ascorbic acid, l-cysteine, enzymes. We will be changing the labeling on the product which will include this as well. Thank You for your interest. M&M Foods
it appears fem the ingredients listing that it would or could be kosher/parve certified but it has not making stating that it is.
not sure....however they are easy to crack
I did not find them apealing in any way.
I've had better and I've had worse. They were good tasting though, and good sized for the most part.
Yes, each bag is 80 oz (5#).
Yes
I believe I called the producers of the product and they said that was an error. They said they were going to fix it, but obviously have not. They claim it is 100% organic.
This bag contains roughly 10oz of powdered matcha (it takes up almost all of the bag's interior space, using the last bag I received as a point of reference). I've spoken with people who do make tea out of it and enjoy it at least as much as other varieties of matcha, including "ceremonial grade" matcha, but I use it exclusively for smoothies, as my interest is less about the pomp and circumstance of tea ceremonies and more about the prospective health benefits.
Delicious green powder.
No. No sugar at all. Just organic powdered matcha green tea. I think it's very good!
I can't answer that. The package does not have that info. Personally it feels like 1 cup of English Breakfast brewed strong. But, here are some people who can probably help. They are part of the organization. Mike 1-847-305-1589 or Allen +1-209- 676-4960 or mikeexcelerol@gmail.com or excelerolcustomerservice@gmail.com
1/2 tsp is definitely not enough. I have to add 1 tsp to hot and cold tea/smoothies.
I think the phrasing actually means that they ALSO produce a certified, organic black tea, rather than meaning that there are both green and black teas in the bag. If you look at the ingredient list, it does list only green tea. Confusing, I know. I had to read it a couple of times before I ordered it. It is definitely green tea, and a wonderful tasting green tea as well.
It is a bag of powder, not individual pouches.
This product has not been modified. It is 100% USDA Organic. It has to be 100% GMO-FREE in order to be USDA Certified Organic. The DNA is in the name because research shows that Matcha Green Tea can support DNA repair.
I believe this has only green tea in the package. They do make another tea with both green & black, listed on the front label.
it only says green tea on my package...but, I don't actually know. This has been an excellent morning tea for me and my family.
Hi Quandary, We didn't get any confirmation from the manufacturer as it is Vegan product or not. But as per the product description it was vegan product. We request you please contact with the manufacturer directly, so that they will help you in this regards. Thanks, Chandu.A.
5 g or one packet
Thermophilus, bulgaricus and acidophilus
You can reuse it once you make yogurt. However, I have found this product to be unreliable, especially if you have it delivered during the heat of summer. It is much better to use a cup of yogurt as a yogurt starter. It is much more reliable and you can guarantee the refrigeration since you get it from the store. If this item is your only option due to allergies or intolerance, I recommend ordering a large batch before it gets too warm out.
The ingredients as listed on the box are non-gmo maltodextrin, s. thermophilus, l. bulgaricus, l. acidophilus
Ingredients: Non-GMO maltodextrin, s. thermophilus, l. bulgaricus, l. acidopohilus
This has maltodextrin,s.thermophilusl.bulgaricus and l.acidophilus.. This is the ingredients list on the box... In like most yogurt starters this is vegan meaning that there are absolutely no animal by products... I found it works best with coconut milk...
Yes, you can use cow's milk. This product is described as non-dairy because most other brands of yogurt starters have dairy products in them, but this one does not.
Make sure the "milk" you're using is sweetened w/ something like cane sugar or blend some figs, dates, or prunes into the liquid before making the yogurt. Also, follow the instructions in the Schinner Vegan cheese book and add soaked cashews to the mix. Alt, go fake w/ a bit of agar agar or some startch (say, tapioca).
I tried to make almond milk yogurt with this starter in an Instant Pot with the yogurt making function with no success. I have also unsuccessfully tried cashew and coconut milk. I am actually an testing it right now to make sure it is actually alive. If I find it to be a dud, I will follow up here. I did end up purchasing GI Pro Start (also vegan) that I have found a bit more successful.
3.5 lbs of quality grits. These have become the only grits we'll buy.
Yes they are
No. You would need a finer grind. These are stone ground and very coarse. I like that for grits but they would not cook up in the time it would take for cornbread. You might could cook them first for cornbread but you would have to be very good at recreating recipes to pull that one off! Even then these are very coarse stone ground HOMINY which is a different variety of corn, so I am not sure how that would turn out for corn bread. Just buy organic blue cornmeal by Arrowhead Mills for cornbread. Non GMO and fabulous for that application. I use kefir instead of buttermilk and it raises nice for skillet corn bread. I never use sugar in my cornbread even if the recipe calls for it. No need. If someone wants sweet, they can put honey on it. With all that said these will cook up the best grits you will ever eat!
I've found them to be to my liking between 20-25 minutes.
Have not opened package yet but it says "100% organic open-pollinated hard white corn"
It's 2 pounds of grits. The farmer just made it so he could use the same labels to package different items.
I see no mention of that either way on the packaging.
Sorry, have no idea. I would call the company.
Yes - it is listed on the ingredient list
On the box we have it says 50 calories per cup. But it does seem high in calories.but if u only enjoy it once in awhile as a little refresher not too bad.
I tried it cold and it is awesome I bought 72 more kcups
this is a marvel of all Herbs it has great healing power of liver problem, can help in controlling Diabetes and liver related problem + other skin rash. bring more luster in your skin. you must try minimum three month to see the result. THIS HERB DO NOT CONTROL BUT CURE . in india it is being used for thousand of year and you will not find any kitchen without it.
Dairy free, and gluten free. Also vegetarian capsules! Good stuff!
I can tell you that it's a great antioxidant and will make your skin glow. I'm in my 50's and don't have any pigment issues anymore like I used to. It could be the Tumeric.
On the bottle under other ingredients it just says: Vegetable capsules. It also says that there are no fillers, binders, or artificial ingredients. Hope that helps!
Turmeric Curcumin (pure) in veggie capsules (vetetarian capsules that are vegan safe). Gluten Free, Dairy Free.
No it does not
I wish I could tell you. I am taking it for digestive issues I'm having and have just started. I've never heard of taking this for weight loss though, sorry
A friend of my mom referred it to us. From there, I went onto Amazon and found this brand of it
It is supposed to lower cholesterol but I will not know for sure until my next blood test.
they are a capsule with granules inside. possibly less than an inch long
No, there is no need; but once you open it, you have 6 month to consume it.
The whey and the sweetener are not paleo.
Not sure, all I know of is that this product was awful, stirred up good it was just an oily mess and it poured out of the container. Don't waste your $$$
It's ground up into the other ingredients.
Yes
Do not know. We threw it out because we did not like it.
Use by 6 months after opening
I can't recall every ingredient, but for sure there is flaxseed oil. You can got to the nuts n more website to look at ingredients... Hope this helps.
The chili flakes are sourced from peppers growing in New Mexico USA, the product is domestic, at least, that what it says on the label.
Gochugaru Korean Chile Pepper Flakes from what I can see on the label I have is just Korean Chile Flakes ( Gochugaru) thus should be msg and gluten free But I can not say one way or the other as I do not see anything denying it on the label.
I can only answer about this one, it is certainly NOT very hot, so I can take one off your list, but not put one on.
The bag does not say anything. It is a spice pack in plastic then in a black envelope. I did contact them via the web, before I bought, and they responded quickly. So, you can ask them directly (they are on FB too)
Well it's 24 pops per order. They work great as centerpieces and as favors. Depends how many guests you have. I ordered 2, and 48 pops was more than enough.
There are 24. 6 of each kind.
Hi there: I believe it was about 12. There may have been more but i will say it was a nice addition to the table set up/ Also, i live in NY and Party City had the same ones. In case that helps.
I purchased these for a baby shower, I don't unfortunately know the ingredients but they were a hit at the shower and tasted great! Sorry I couldn't help further :(
I got 12 per order loved them
I guess corn syrup and sugar and blueberry flavor candy I dont know the exact ingredients but they r yummy
12
24 suckers
I am by no means an expert, but the research I have done says the two best seasons to inoculate the logs are: First early spring, second mid fall (when the leaves are turning). This is mostly based off when you should attempt to harvest the logs and correlates to the sugar and nutrient level present in the harvested tree as it attempts to change between growth and dormancy. In fall for example, the tree is sending resources from its limbs to its roots. When you cut it during that season, the nutrients are in the logs and in turn your mushrooms have more food to grow. The fungus will winter over fine in nature and can also be kept in your freezer for several months. So it may be possible to inoculate the log in winter. But this is far from ideal. Ideally, you want the organism to be established in the log before it goes dormant. And once dormant, not to disturb it until it thaws out. If you attempt to do it during winter, the plugs will remain dormant until spring. But the organism may be damaged during the process or may not be strong enough to establish once spring arrives. Now, what you may be able to do is store them in your vegetable crisper until spring as they will keep for several months in the fridge or freezer. Or you can inoculate the logs and keep them in a sheltered (semi warm) location such as you basement until spring when you can put them back out.
You could put about 50 on a piece like that. Ours took a year before they started to grow.
I put two sets of logs in a 6 foot space: 3 logs of Shitake on one side, and Turkey Tail on the other side. As long as they do not touch and run into each other, I think you are ok. Mine are still incubating and I have not noticed them "springing forth" from the plugs. I will check with the company next week and ask a few more questions. Keep in touch. I will probably have their number for you after next week.
Don't really know, since we just planted ours last fall so we don't have any yet, but my understanding is that they keep going on their own.
Nope, just the inoculated wooden plugs.
Hi, I am not an expert, but from what I've read, the fresher the logs the better, because they still have a good bit of sapwood left inside. I would go ahead and plug them.
No you need to have logs or and old stump. The tree will kill the spores if it is still alive.
you can refrigerate unopened bag in your vegetable drawer up to 4 months.
I have only used white or burr oak but I am sure an oak would work. Different oaks will give subtle changes in flavor.
Hi Nicole - Typically the ones I got came with a small booklet that went over how the grow them. There are a few ways but the most common with the plugs is to use an Oak log to grow them on. The logs needs to be freshly cut so that there is no other bacteria that will compete against the Shiitake, they will grow faster and better this way. If fresh cut logs aren't available you can also use heat or steam to sterilize them. There is also a method using peroxide to kill off any unwanted bacteria but I have never tried that. You also need to keep the log wet and not let it dry out. To 'plant' them you drill holes into the log (there are different patterns that you can use depending on the log size and shape, where you keep it, how you keep it wet, etc..). Then you put the plugs into the holes, and once the plugs are put in you use paraffin wax to seal over the plug and hole to help lock in the moisture. Oak is the best log to use, but people have used maple, birch, and other various hardwood species to grow them successfully. Here is a link to a site with some more information: http://www.organicgardening.com/learn-and-grow/how-to-grow-shiitake-mushrooms
I don't remember, However I am pretty sure it is. I haven't used it that much, Because the sprouts get slime all over after a few days.
About 12 x10 inches.Maybe a bit bigger. And it comes with quite a few seeds,they will last a long time. Definitely a good buy.
All seeds sprout well in here if you follow the directions.
Hello. Thank you for your inquiry. A sample size is about 2 ounces of seed. We use a 1/3 measuring cup as our scoop. I hope this is helpful. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance. Thank you Rita
They weigh about 2.5 oz, and will just about fill up a mason jar.
Yes you can, although i prefer a glass container, it is easier to clean!
Thank you for contacting me about this issue. I am sorry that you have experienced this difficulty. The item you purchased is being shipped directly from an Amazon.com warehouse. I have contacted Amazon.com on you behalf and have requested that they look into this issue for you. I have marked my communication with them as urgent. Thank you Rita Therefore, for issues like this, please advise your buyer to contact our Customer Service department as they are the best point of contact in this path. That department has processes in place to make sure that your buyer's queries are answered and to make sure that you are properly compensated also if necessary. Our Customer Service department is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. They can be contacted by telephone by dialing 866-216-1072 or by email at
All small bags of white cheddar cheese popcorn of a very tasty quality.
5/8 oz., the size of a small snack bag.
It has about 1 1/2 cups in each bag.
Vending machine.
Yes!
The shipping is $50-60. The time frame is probably between 10-14 days. Hope to hear back from you K. Sincerely - Munchie Heaven
Hi Yesenia, I bought this around Christmas time for my sister and it's all gone she loved it, I do not remember what the expiration date was but it was not old, hope this helps.
It is for one 6 pack
It says 1 six-pack. My local store sells it for $7.99 a 6-pack. Complete rip-off.
There isn't any. It's like root beer except instead of made with sasparilla it is made with ginger. It is fantastic though. Goes really well with rum also
Yes. At a local restaurant where I found it first it was 4.95 a can. But I haven't found it cheaper on the net
I have not tried that one. I will have to buy a bottle to compare. Let me know what you think if you buy one.
I got one bottle
It has a very slight beige coloration. I am thinking of making my own, for one to cut down on the sugar. The Jack Rudy stuff is too sweet, apart from the lack of the bitter and citrusy elements.
all it says on the label is quinine concentrate as the first ingredient with water being the second.
Not sure whether or not your supposed to, but has been sitting on the bar for about six months and used regularly to no ill effect so far
Yes the ingredients say it has sugar in it but not sure how much.
The recipe on the bottle calls for 0.75 oz of Jack Rudy Tonic to 4 oz. club soda and 2 oz. gin. I find that 0.5 oz JR tonic is enough- you can adjust to your taste- much better than other tonics.
One
It is for 1 bottle
Each case seems to have an expiration date of about a year from when you purchased them.
I thought this was a great drink. I gave it a good review. But after checking out FoodBabe website I found out that YES it does contain Carrageenan Gum. I also went to Orgain's website and Yes it does contain it. I wont be buying this again.
Yes
I'm looking at the box and don't see it listed as an ingredient
Yes there is a difference, kids have 8 grams of protein compared to 16 grams for adults.
Chocolat
The chocolate is great!
Filtered Water, Organic Evaporated Cane Juice, Orgain Organic Protein Blend (Organic Whey Protein Concentrate, Organic Grass Fed Milk Protein Concentrate), Organic High Oleic Sunflower&#8232; Oil, Organic Rice Syrup Solids, Organic Brown Rice Syrup, Organic Inulin, Organic Cocoa Powder, Organic Guar Gum, Organic Arabic Gum, Xanthan Gum, Organic Rice Bran Extract, Tricalcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Sodium Phosphate, Carrageenan Gum, Sea Salt, Organic Stevia Orgain Vitamin Blend: Tocopherol Acetate, Sodium Ascorbate, Magnesium Sulfate, Zinc Gluconate, Niacinamide, Calcium Pantothenate, Copper Gluconate, Vitamin A Palmitate, Thiamine Hydrochloride, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Riboflavin, Folic Acid, Biotin, Potassium Iodide, Cholecalciferol, Cyanocobalamin Orgain Organic Veggie Blend: (Organic Kale, Organic Beet, Organic Spinach, Organic Carrot, Organic Tomato) 50mg Orgain Organic Fruit Blend: (Organic Blueberry, Organic Banana, Organic Acai, Organic Apple, Organic Raspberry) 50mg ALLERGEN STATEMENT: Contains Milk REFRIGERATE AFTER OPENING
no perfume. I use this for my skin because I am allergic to perfumes. I tested one piece. They are like white chocolate without sugar
No gluten, soy, other nuts, wheat, corn or dairy what so ever. Processed in a safe and certified facility.
Yes absolutely, no gluten, dairy, colors, perfumes etc what so ever. Its certified organic and raw.
October 29, 2014
I think Its usually best within 60 days- 60 tian
I received the item with short expiration.
Maybe they cut us a deal; I don't know. However, considering the price of pecans in a grocery store, I figured I came out ahead by ordering these. Haven't ordered for awhile because we are in the process of moving, but I remember thinking that the shipping price wasn't all that much - plus I usually received the pecans VERY quickly. I've ordered several times from this company and never been disappointed.
Yes it does say that peanuts and other nuts may have been processed
they are raw (no salt no roasting, nothing) just pecans straight from the shell (without the shell)
This questiom should be directed to the company.
I do not know the answer to that question.
Relatively soft. That is why I like to dry them in the oven at 350 degrees for 10 minutes.
I am pretty sure they aren't. They were very stale tasting and dark colored, not like fresh pecans.
Yes. In fact don't limit yourself to bread with this flour. It is great with baking cakes and things, (my opinion). The recipes on the bag are great. Follow them the first time and make adjustments after. Also, I would suggest buying the 25# bag and placing it in a 5 gallon bucket with a lid. I keep mine in the kitchen and it is incredibly convenient. I never run out and it is cheaper in the long run. Good luck to you!
Pamela's bread mix and Pamela's pancake mix do not contain eggs. The recipes call for eggs but I use egg replacer instead.
I don't know truthfully. I buy it in 25# bags. I love it though. It really makes excellent cakes and brownies and it works well with no dairy in it. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
3 easily.
Are you asking if rolls can be made from this mix? The answer is "yes". I have successfully made rolls, varying sized loaves of bread, a baguette, pizze crust, and am going to try cinnamon rolls for the holidays. Everything has been excellent! Love this mix!
The package says: sorghum flour, tapioca flour, white rice flour, sweet rice flour, brown rice flour, natural evaporated cane sugar, inulin, millet flour, molasses and honey, rice bran, sea salt, xanthan gum. Certified gluten free but obviously not vegan. You add the yeast, eggs, oil, and water for the bread machine recipe that I use.
This honey is generally thick. We hope this helps!
Hello, This honey appears to be more runny than raw honey, so you could dip a spoon in there and pick up some honey and pour it into or onto something. We hope this helps! Jessi V.
Hello! Please be assured that the YS Eco Bee Farm Orange Honey is a product of the USA, however the state is not specified. We do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.
I purchased two Keurig Commercial Office Pro model B155 for department conference rooms, in which 2-3 meetings are scheduled each week. I have not received any negative feedback from colleagues and managers. My manager and colleagues like it for portability (as opposed to the traditional commercial grade office coffee machine), usability and convenience. Many colleagues prefer the taste and temperature of the coffee, hot chocolate, etc. over the traditional commercial coffee brewing system, about which I am in agreement. There is a downside to the convenience it provides: the generation of waste from single serve options and significant increase in the per cup price. I found the Keurig website helpful for choosing a model designed for commercial use but purchased them on Amazon for competitive pricing. You might want to do your comparison of models and features on the company website and purchase that model for competitive pricing.
I believe there in instructions on how to do this included. We currently just pour water in as needed. We are pleased with this product!
yes and The newer version which is the K155 is NSF certified and therefore has some minor design changes. The functionality is the same, with changes happening more internally to make the brewer NSF certified (i.e. rounding corners to make cleaning easier.
I believe it has a container that you can add your own coffee.
I am unsure as of right this second but i remember there were 24 lollipops and maybe 50 of the swirly sticks. But the kit was great. It was perfect for the party. I had a lot of other accessories. I also purchased the glass jars. It was a beautiful set up for my baby shower.
approximately 15 to 18 lbs.
Hi! Thank you for your recent message! We unfortunately do not have this particular candy kit available for Prime or upgraded shipping, I am sorry! We do however have different candy kits available that do have upgraded shipping. Thank you!
It's been almost 2 years ago & I don't remember how many of each. I believe they tell you how many suckers & how many ounces come with it. If i were to guess I'd say 20-25 people if you r using it as a candy bar or to let people goody bags.
I ordered these about 2 months ago and the packaging it came in did not indicate if they were kosher or not.
I put mine on a desert that served 100 people and I have left overs. It was so worth it. Part city could never match quality, quantity or price.
Yes, you can send an email when you place your order requesting this custom color. The company will choose which items come in blue and which will come in green - 2 types of candy will be blue, and the other 2 types of candy will be green.
Hi! Thank you for your recent message! We unfortunately do not have this in royal blue, I am sorry! We do have it available in pink, blue, yellow, green, purple and red. If you have any further questions we would love to help! Thank you!
Only the candy.
The sixlets and candy sticks comes in a clear plastic tub with a Lid. The tootsie rolls are in a bag and the suckers are in a small box. The candy taste good and was fresh. The chocolate did not melt, it was delivered on a hot day. Everything was good but it was kinda pricey.
I don't know the exact weight but it Was more than enough candy for 24 teen girls
Not really sure as we used ours quickly at a wedding reception!
The jars are from different suppliers and were bought individually for display purposes. Sorry!
The glass jars were not included...
no, my order did not, received the candy only. The candy was very good.
Yes! Big Dot of Happiness carries this product in 6 colors - blue, pink, purple, green, red and yellow.
I had 30 women over for a baby shower and let them fill bags up of candy to take home. I had more than plenty for all the guest.
Not really sure. I do know the FDA ruled that if a serving of food is less that 5 calories, companies can label it as 0 calories. Same with sugar and carbs (less than 1g), so maybe fiber they can do the same. Konjac noodles are 97% water and 3% fiber, so that would be my guess. Good question, I never thought about it. I might email miracle noodles and see if I can get an answer. I did just go to their website and saw nutritional information. Carbs is labeled as "&lt;1g-only fiber." So I'm thinking they just wanted to label everything as 0 this 0 that for marketing. But there is less than 1g of fiber per serving. Hope that helps.
No. This product is soy free, gluten free and vegan
No, they are more jelly like
Purified water, Konnyaku flour and Calcium Hydroxide. If you check the photos of the product it's listed there as well.
It says in the description: Made of naturally water soluble fiber with no fat, sugar or starch
On the package it lists the ingredients as: Purified water, konnyaku (glucomannan), and calcium hydroxide.
These noodles are packaged in water not like dry Ramen noodles that you rehydrate. You have to drain the noodles before you reheat them to eat.
Shirataki pasta is sourced from a plant called konjac, sometimes called the elephant yam. I would recommend that you cook the pasta with some kind of stir fry so it takes on the flavour of the sauce or gravy.
I just looked at the packages I have and each one says each container is 2.3 calories. Are you looking at an entire shipment possibly? I really don't know how yours could say 15 calories per serving.
I got it a month ago. It expires on Oct 14th 2014
the expiration date said like a year but i kept mine in the fridge and they still molded in two or three months. but thats still a pretty long time to have to eat them.
16 oz, about the same size as a standard peanut butter jar. Three flavors, and we have a preference but enjoy all.
Label reads gluten free, uses rice flour, no corn.
Nope, all three are dairy and egg free.
Tomatoes, peppers, onions, garlic and rice flour is what is used for thickening. Its pretty good!
I don't know. They are long gone now, so I can't even look on the label for you, sorry.
I don't know how much salt, but I wound up throwing out the product because I didn't like the taste.
http://fatgoblin.com/Items.html Their website says the "ultimate vegan queso" contains wheat, fire roasted and voodoo are "allergen free".
It says on the bottle. I think they will never sell an expired product. If you find it expired then you can always return it or they will refund you
I think it will be later than jul 2015
Check the bottom
I don't see why not. I gave it to my daughter when she started cereal until about 1 year old. Now, she is 18 months and I give her regular oatmeal with maple/brown sugar.
November 2014
That is definitely not normal! I have used several batches of this cereal- mixed with breast milk and or baby food-I have never seen anything like that :(
Yes, 6 individual containers of the rice cereal.
It is at least 8 months from the date of purchase.
October 2014
i haven't received the Rice Cereal yet
Between 2-3 weeks. We ship with tracking and can give a more accurate time once the item is shipped. We hope this helps, thanks LookStore.
Well this to me is stage 1, I have started all 4 of my kids out on this at about 3-4 months. It's the first food other than formula they have had. I hope this helps!
Normally I'd you are just starting out giving this to your baby you start with 1 tbsp and then increase the amount as he/she gets use to taking it from a spoon. One can start with 1 serving/ day and then increase. Also ask your pediatric doctor.
Apparently you didn't read the entire description. You get 6 bottles of 8 oz each.
My current purchase expires December 2015. You'll have about a year until expiration.
Here is the response Gerber gives: http://news.gerber.com/in_the_news/gerber-safety-statement-238803
Due to Chinese regulations this type of baby product is not allowed to be exported.
Most doctors will tell you to wait until they are three to four m+ but I have found that you feed them cereal as soon as the formula doesn't satisfy your baby
When I got mine it was set to expire next year
U can mix with milk or water
yes
mine say Jan 2016, I bought them 1-2 months ago
2016.6
November 2015
Hi Kathleen, all of our boba products are made in Taiwan and they are FDA certified. I hope the information helps. BossenStore.com Winnie
no it comes with the three flavors - though I think you can buy the flavors in a larger size but separately. Not sure of the shelf life but after opening we kept in the refrigerator until they were gone.... yummy :)
Each container is 15.8 ounces (450 grams) They are the size of spreadable margarine tubs.
I accidentally froze some. I was interrupted and put my bowl of ice cream in the freezer when I answered the front door. When I got back to the ice cream a few hours later the boba on top were frozen solid. they didn't stay frozen very long but were delicious frozen. They do stick together frozen.
3
It's so awesome :D love it
They are all small containers
The bursting boba can be stored at room temperature prior to opening. They are not shipped refrigerated. Refrigerate after opening.
Dear Kerston, I apologize for the late reply. You can choose any combination you prefer. Thank you.
When I got this I received Passionfruit, strawberry, and Mango. My girls like to add them to Sprite and use boba straws to drink it so they get the " bubbles".
Probably a 12 to 15 inch square of moss.
spray it with a water bottle every week or so. Depends on how dry it is in your home.
Sure, look around where you live and you will see moss growing in full sunlight. Fire moss is an example and grows in cracks in concrete in sidewalks, etc. However, mood moss is very sensitive to sunlight.
I am in Michigan but I believe our zones are similar. I know this moss really enjoys low sunlight and tons of water.
You could, but it would need to be totally shady and it might be too thick and lush. I would actually recommend cruising your neighborhood and plucking moss that is growing in sandy cracks and stone walls for this purpose. Then you can try out different types of moss and see how it adapts to the traffic on the patio. I've done this for years and it is always a sure fired way to get some nice moss going.
You can definitely use it outside, but only in shade. Direct sunlight causes it to bronze.
Maybe your cat just likes that the dirt is colder/warmer that the rest of the house. The moss has to be moist and away from direct sun light to stay alive. Besides sink water will kill it. I personally use reverse osmosis water to water it and it works great. Also, the cat might wanna eat it and I don't know if it could get your cat sick. I think that you should use regular lawn grass or cat grass and just cut it short. A lot easier to maintain and safer. Now i don't know if you cat will eve like the change from dirt to grass.
Roughly 1 inch from bottom roots to green tips
it doesn't need light. do not put it in the sun. i doubt if it would work as a mat since it needs a layer of dirt under it???
You might be able to. I would use some sterilized scissors, something small like what you would use for a manicure, and trim a small piece off for your necklace. If this doesn't work, I'm not sure what else would... Good luck!
right i got mine form walmart for 45 and i was on here trying to see what they have and came across this and i was like wow. well good luck to the seller cause this is a ripoff
BREAKFAST: Cinnamon streusel muffin, double chocolate muffin, granola cereal, honey wheat bagel and a peanut butter granola bar. LUNCH: Chicken noodle soup, double chocolate caramel bar, fudge graham bar, loaded baked potato (mashed potatoes), red beans and rice. DINNER: Chicken Alfredo, chicken pot pie, Italian herb flatbread pizza, lasagna with meat sauce, rotini and meatballs. DESSERTS: Cheesecake flavored bar, chocolate chip cookies, milk chocolate fudge pretzels, peppermint cookie patty and popcorn. Nutrition facts and ingredients on everything. Also comes with a small pocket calendar sized meal plan for the week. You have to supplement your own fruits and veggies into the meals.
I've done nutrisystem twice and lost 10 lbs per month without any exercise. It's truly all about portion control. My problem is I can not control my portions unless forced to do so them once I have been on the program for a month or two I am able to do it with my own food. The food has come a long way since the first time I did it in 2008 but still not mouth watering good.
DID you send (5) emails to all the sellers? If you have a walmart close to you then buy it there!? thanks
It's kind of like a canned beefaroni or the hormel meals. I'm sure it's loaded with preservatives but really not bad tasting.
I'm sorry I can't help you-- I no longer have any of the items left. I won't be buying again, because most of the items weren't very tasty, but I don't recall what the sugar or sodium content was.
Every nutri system box has a different expiration date. I'm not sure if the expiration date was on the outside of the box or not, but I do recommend opening the box up to check because even though the bagel in my box didn't expire there was mold on it. So open it and check to make sure.
No. You'd have to actually buy the monthly meals for that.
Hi! My baby started eating them when he was 6 months did not have any teeth then and loved them. They start disolving in their mouth.
Should be. Mine only had two teeth and had only had purees before starting this.
they are like puffy rice snack, and very delicious.
Depends on when you purchase the item. These are just dry wafers that dissolve once your child starts to eat them. However, once purchased they are typically good for about a year afterwards though you will have to look at the box you purchase to see what the stated date is on the box. I would not suggest this product for children under 1 since they are rather large and can be easy to choke on as a result of getting too much at a time.
I don't know. It should be on the box.
one box of six packs. each pack contains 3 cookies.
No wheat ingredients- based on rice. So no gluten.
They say baked in Italy on the box.
none were listed. The berries are delicious.
Most Goji berries are grown in China and I haven't heard of any grown in USA but am open to confirmation. I don't know how they get a USDA organic stamp on the their label unless it is by self assertion which to me is baloney. I doubt that seller Amazon checks this out. Tried to contact Healthworks but the address shown on this label doesn't produce results on Google. I am skeptical until they or seller Amazon responds to questions here.
They are dried.
No, just the raw fruit. The ingredients list shows only one listing, that for raw goji berries. They are pretty sweet on their own...
I use them in my Nutri Blast and I like them with yogurt .
It doesn't say on the package. Only raw and 100% organic.
I just read an answer for Healthworks Cacao Powder that a person got an e-mail response from them within 24 hours about the origin of their cacao. Have you tried to contact them this way?
I believe that by definition products that are labeled USDA Organic are not GMO.
hi per label 1 ounce is 110 calories 1 gram of fat 25 grams of carbs 5 grams of fiber 15 grams of sugar 4 grams of protein 100% vitamin a 5% calcium 20% vitamin c 10% iron certified organic
Goji berries are naturally this color. Yes, they will change the color of the soaking water, if soaked. But so do nuts, dates, and raisins. Doesn't mean they have dye in them. I'm pretty sure with most dried fruits, the brightness of color is an indicator of freshness. And if you don't know what you're getting and have never had them before, they can be a little off putting at first. These aren't like blueberries or something where everyone knows what they are. The first time I ever tried one, I thought "man..this is weird" but after a few, I really like them. They have a more earthy flavor to them than some other berries.
I went on the internet and found the picture I wanted and saved it and then emailed it to them via Amazon.
You have to email it to the seller using Amazon
I just left mine in the bag and laid it flat on the table. Cool dry place. May want to put it in the fridge right before you use it makes it easier to take off the paper.
Yes, you can send any image you want!
Absolutely, if you find something on online you can message it to us and we can see if we can print on two or one sheet.
Yes if you order the express shipping upgrade for an additional 15.99
Even with 2 day shipping I can't guarantee a Friday delivery
If you order using 2 day express shipping and get me the photo of yours that you'd like me to print then yes. After you place your order with the express shipping using the contact seller link to send the photo.
it does not blend or bleed into the frosting, it stays on top very nice and yes, you can freeze it.
I had mine for over a week and it was fine. I just kept it in a cool place.
#1 PETE
My jar says 100% Organic crushed sesame seeds. So, I'm guessing whole, not hulled. It's very smooth and not lumpy in any way.
I refrigerated mine after opening. I just thought as an oily nut it would stay fresher.
17.6 oz or just over a pound or a little more than 2 cups
Paste. I used it to make hummus,which turned out fine.
It tastes raw.
I am not sure, but I use this and I do not eat gluten. I do not have celiacs disease, however, so I cannot say for sure. Good luck!
This is raw tahini (probably what you refer to as thick tahini), and as such, it's more similar in consistency to peanut butter than to spaghetti sauce. You need to dilute and mix it with water before eating.
It does state that it is produced in Israel.
Plastic. Doesn't say anything about BPA on the bottle, so I don't know.
Serving size 1.4oz. Servings per pouch = 4. Per serving: Calories 210, Fat Cal 130. Total Fat 15g, Sat Fat 1.5g, Trans Fat 0g. Cholesterol 0mg. Sodium 500 mg. Total Carb 16g, Fiber 5g, Sugars 2g. Protein 5g.
instead of eggs I used "flax eggs". I mixed 2 tablespoons of ground flax with 6 tablespoons of water and let sit for about 5-7 minutes to thicken up. I then followed the instructions on the package. this was in the reviews.
In lancaster you can go to Lemon Street Market. I've also heard tell that Stauffers has it in stock. It's locally made which I just think is neat. (Yeah I'm that kind of person)
We would not suggest using Raw Spanish Peanuts for making peanut butter for your grandchildren specifically because of the skins that are on the peanuts. You would use a Peanut Butter Stock or you could use a Roasted, No Salt Peanut, or a Blanched Peanut (either Raw or Roasted No Salt). For more information you may contact us at Western Mixers/Nutsite. Thanks!
I have no idea if they're good for planting or not. They come shelled in a plastic bag.
I don't recall if they were this years crop, they were very fresh though.
I used them peanut brittle, bought several 5# boxes. Don't remember how many cups were in each bag. If sealed well, the peanuts can be frozen. I would use one of the heat sealed baggers getting out as much air as possible.
Hello - Thank for asking about our Raw Spanish Peanuts. We only carry them in one size, US #1 Jumbo, so I do not have anything to compare them to. I know we sell a lot though! We do carry them on our website in 1 lb. packages, which is the smallest package available. You could try ordering 1 for a trial basis if still interested. Next size package is 5 lb. as shown here on Amazon. Thanks!
Yes they are!
Hello and thank you for asking... Our Raw Spanish Peanuts are exactly as they appear in the image provided. Shelled, Raw. Not Roasted, Not Salted and No Shells. We do carry Peanuts in the Shell, however, they are provided under a different item number and the image would show the shell. Thanks !
They are Raw as stated, which means unroasted and unsalted. Just plain peanuts! Thanks for checking we do carry others as well.
No, sorry, they are not Organic.
yes they are and wonderful i love them very pleased
You're just being silly now.
I'm actually not sure. I bought the hotdogs a while ago and already ate them. sorry.
Probably, they taste TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!
How Many Packages Do You For 27.99
how much sodium in each dog?
Like many manufacturers we produce multiple items in our facility. We take measures to make sure each item is packed in its own area, and it should not be exposed to other food. Our products are indeed completely gluten-free, by definitions provided by the FDA. Although it is processed in a facility that may also process products containing gluten, it is our standard practice, and our strict adherence to FDA regulations, to fully and properly disinfect each piece of machinery between food processing cycles, in order to eliminate any possibility of cross-contamination of any of our Gluten-Free items. We hope this explanation further explains the nature of the product, and helps you and others in trusting that our products are truly is Gluten-Free. Hope that helps! Best, Anthony's Staff
yes it is
Serving size is 14 grams which is approx .5 ounce. Total carbs per serving is 8 grams. Dietary fiber per serving is 4 grams.
No, our flour does not go through a bleaching process - it is a cream color - the natural color of coconut flour. Hope that helps! Best, Anthony's Staff
Amazon is showing me that you are asking about Anthony's coconut flour, which is made from coconuts and not almonds. Not sure if you meant to ask this question about a different product or not.
It is flour.
Organic is not a key term in many countries other than the USA from my understanding. It's a American distributed product and with that I'd say the answer to your question would be yes. As its illegal to make claims of organic without the registration. It's a family company I think I recommend it.
There is NO name on it other than ANTHONY'S. One sticker (X000FHFHQB) is stuck over the original label X000FHFQB). "Premium Organic Coconut Flour"? me thinks not. Bought on Amazon so it must be from the USA.
Yes
The label says 1 g sugar per 14 g serving.
Hello Karen, We do ship it frozen and we include ice packs, but very likely the product will not arrive frozen to its destination. I hope this answers your question!
package of 4 links ,1 lb Check your local costco, some carry it some don't.
The one for $5.90 is for another product from another company. This is an Amazon advertisement and not affiliated with Jody Maroni's.
It's use with food as an additive or in food preparation. It is used commercially in foods requiring a natural emulsifier or lubricant. In confectionery, it reduces viscosity, replaces more expensive ingredients, controls sugar crystallization and the flow properties of chocolate, helps in the homogeneous mixing of ingredients, improves shelf life for some products, and can be used as a coating. In emulsions and fat spreads, it stabilizes emulsions, reduces spattering during frying, improves texture of spreads and flavor release. In dough and bakery items, it reduces fat and egg requirements, helps even distribution of ingredients in dough, stabilizes fermentation, increases volume, protects yeast cells in dough when frozen, and acts as a releasing agent to prevent sticking and simplify cleaning. Lecithin keeps cocoa and cocoa butter in a candy bar from separating. It is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for human consumption with the status "generally recognized as safe". Research studies show soy-derived lecithin has significant effects on lowering serum cholesterol and triglycerides, while increasing HDL ("good cholesterol") levels in the blood of rats. All from Wiki...hope this helps. I see it's a little late but you know the old saying... :) A.
yes, it's a fine powder (as opposed to the more commonly seen granulated form sold by e.g. Bob's Red Mill, WF and other bulk stores). Have used it in place of chemical emulsifiers in baked goods as well!
The bare minimum lecithin is a surfactant. Its a chemical emulsifier. Not food
They don't say anywhere on the package ... so I would assume not non-GMO. Not sure what your use will be, but for me, what little I am adding to my cooking projects does not concern me. Good luck!
just lemon and are they ever good! I haven't tried their other flavors but these are terrific!
the can says that a serving of 1-2 chips has 2 calories and 1 total gram of carbs. The carbs come from the xylitol. This seems to be the same for any flavor of chip.
There are tons of pieces! They are chopped up into what looks like ice chips. The tin is very full ! We really like them
There's an individual that's pretty consistent in commenting to the comments of others in regards to Matcha products and they say: "...just make sure you're not purchasing Matcha teas affected by the radiation fallout in Japan--which means avoiding ALL tea from the Shizuoka Prefecture region. The two brands that I know ARE safe are DoMatcha and Pure Matcha (there are others, but these are the two that I know of--not to mention they are high quality). They come from a region of Japan far away from ground zero. They are from Kagoshima, which is as far west from Fukushima as Denver is from New York. Also, the air currents go the opposite direction, which is why radiation has not been detected in those areas. Just thought you should know. :)"
Yes the tin is one ounce
It does not.....
this is what is on the label: distributed by Pure Matcha , Miami, FL 33169 Certified Organic by OMIC
I read that this brand and do-matcha are the only two brands harvested far enough away.
It is not thick - but then again that depends on how much you use when you make it. I love it and found that it makes that beautiful foam when I take then time to wisk it.
I bring mine to a boil and then let it cool a bit so the mixture blends smoother.
The ingredients say 100%.
The powder is loose. It touches the aluminium.
Depends how many cups of Matcha you have per day!
Yes
Container is fine but what inside - is not. You should read its label-if it has SiO2 (silicon dioxide) in it without % number -sometimes it used as "anti-caking agent" - then it is not fine, because in some conditions it would become like colloidal paper glue which You don't want to put in Your guts - it is not a food - could/should be ~1% not more. Just buy normal fresh red beets & make whatever You want by Your hands or blender or powerful juice-maker & it would be without ingredients which could poison You.
It is a fine powder and would be easy to add to soaps and gravies. I add it it to oatmeal and it blends in very easily.
yes
It's just a food so experiment with serving size. There are many phytonutrients in beets.
A number of folks told me it made them sick.
The only ingredient list is peanuts. I have found this to be a good product. We use it for flavoring Asian dishes, among many other things. Use it as an addition to oatmeal, cookies, and even for popcorn.
To me it has more roasted peanut taste compared to PB2. There is also no added sugar. For me I prefer it over PB2.
Although it is a great product, it does not label non gmo.
John that is a very good question. Only peanuts are listed in the ingredients. This is a question that needs to be posed to the manufacturer.
The label says best by 11/5/2014 and I've had it for about 4 months. And, it does recommend refrigeration after opening. But, I don't pay a lot of attention to dates on some things.
Any powdered peanut butter I've used has always been 2 tbsp is about 45-50 calories. So I would just go by that. I've had about 4 different brands.
I've had it for 3 weeks and it's as fresh as the moment I opened it. This product is awesome.
The label states roasted peanuts.
I'm looking right at the jar, and it says that for a serving size of 1 tablespoon, it has 8g of protein. Hope that helps. By the way, it's great in oatmeal and in cookies, I'd buy it again!
yes, it is unrefined
Yes it is
Artisana makes both coconut oil and coconut butter. I purchased the coconut butter after reading the label because it sounded healthier. However, it burns when making popcorn which is what I used it for the most. Coconut butter has a lumpier texture and is more of a spreadable butter. Coconut oil can melt at warm room temperature but will become solid again if cooled. Hope this helps.
I bought this on last week of August, 2013 and it is labeled to expired on May 1st, 2014.
The expiration date will be stamped on the container under the lid.
I only need 4. But I don't know how I got 4 every months.
06/2014
it sould be 3 - 24 ounce packs.
Aug 2015? kinda forgot. They are for my nephew.
Hi Chandrakant, Curcumin has been know to provide the following benefits: Powerful antioxidant that enhances the body's resistance to free radicals Supports a healthy immune system Supports the cardiovascular system by balancing cholesterol levels Reduces pain and inflammation associated with arthritis Promotes healthy bones and joints Supports liver detoxification Promotes healthy blood sugar levels in the body Aids the nervous system and stress response Promotes skin and eye health Boosts the body's wound healing ability Regulates metabolic processes to promote weight loss Beneficial for the female reproductive system Promotes brain health, preventative of Alzheimer's disease Antibacterial and antiseptic Hope that this helps you out. If you have any further questions or concern, you can respond to this thread or email Viva Labs customer service for Amazon at amazon@vivalabs.com
Hi Rodney R Ballard, Bioperine is a black pepper extract clinically shown to enhance the bioavailability of a variety of nutritional compounds, curcumin being one of them. BCM-95 is a unique blend of turmeric extracts and essential oils, also clinically shown to enhance absorption, but not to the same extent. It does not contain any scientifically studied Bioperine. Studies showed that Bioperine increased the bioavailability of curcumin by 2,000%. Each serving of Viva Labs Curcumin C3 Complex contains 5mg of Bioperine which is representative of clinical findings. Hope this helps answer your question, and if you have any other questions you can reach us by responding to this comment thread or by email at amazon@vivalabs.com. Besa Registered Nutritionist Viva Labs
Made in the USA but the origin of the Turmeric is not specified
Container states "Made in U.S.A." Source of the Turmeric is not stated, but probably from India?
Hi Tasawuf, Viva Labs' Curcumin C3 Complex is non-irradiated. If you have any further questions or concerns, you can either let us know by respond to this question thread or by emailing Viva Labs Customer Service for Amazon at amazon@vivalabs.com.
Hi Chris, We apologize if you are unclear of our nutrition facts. The 500mg represents turmeric root, which is standardized to greater than 95% curcuminoids, the active ingredient in turmeric. 5mg of Bioperine is added to our formula as a synergistic component which is clinically shown to enhance the bioavailability of curcumin by 2,000%. Hope this helps answer your question, and if you have any other questions you can reach us by responding to this comment thread or by email at amazon@vivalabs.com. Besa Registered Nutritionist Viva Labs
No evidence of this.
Yes
Hi Calllie, The standard size of the capsule is 00. The measurements are as follows: Length: 0.796 inches Width: 0.322 inches I hope this helps, if you have any other questions please respond to this question thread or email Viva Lab's customer service for Amazon at amazon@vivalabs.com
The bottle only states it is "suitable to vegetarians." So, I would call the company 1-800-921-8482.
Unfortunately it does not. I ordered those seperately at a reasonable price on Amazon.
the best by date on the current product that we have a starship shops is December 2015. Other vendors may have other best buy dates. I am not aware of a expiration date per se on Nutella.
July 26, 2015
I have no idea. I just went to look at the item description to see what this was even referring to, and I was surprised. I think the frustration free packaging refers to something offered through amazon, right? Sorry I can't be of any more help. I will tell you that the little foil is easy to undo on these though and they are delightful little sizes.
I am not sure how many ounces, but one packet thinly covers a piece of bread, my Husband uses two packets as a serving
I'm sorry, I don't know as I gave it as a gift and have none on-hand.
This might help if you don't need an exact date..... I received these on July 15, 2014 and the expiration is January 8, 2015.
The box is that size but they were all thrown in. If you are displaying them you may need to straighten them a little It was a great buy
to be honest i didnt even look ?? they were very good tho....gone in a week in my house.
12/5/2013
If it's the most recent iteration of the lid that includes the gasket, I've found that the lid has to be on really tight for the concentrate not to squeeze out around the base of the lid.
Rather meant to write "we don't" have control over it! It's not a field we enter, that is an Amazon-system thing. But they should be able to change it, will ask again
No, it doesn't need refrigerated. Just a note, if you like your drink sweet, it takes a LOT of the sweetener.
Hi, I would suggest you inquire with Neel the the owner of STUR. You may directly email him at the STUR website. He answers quickly on all questions. I know from the research and from being in correspondence with him directly, this product all natural. Plus 8 vitamins within the product as well. Now since I have been drinking my water with this product for approximately 2mths, would be the reason I only purchase this product to enhance my water and the main reason being all the natural ingredients it contains. You may call them direct or email. Hope this helps!!!
Send them to me! Black tea is my favorite one! Try mixing 4 parts (any flavor) and 1 part Black Tea. It probably won't change the taste too much, and you'll run out of Black Tea at the same time that you run out of the other flavors.
Hello - we used to have preservatives when we launched a few years ago (hence some of the early comments). But we've replaced everything last year to be only 5 simple ingredients - and 100% All-Natural and Non-GMO. So enjoy!!
Yes
Hi Magus, It all depends on how much flavor you are wanting. I personally like a light flavor in my water. Others like a stronger flavor. I would start with a 4 second squeeze and go from there.
This is from the Stur website: "Stur does not require refrigeration, so put it anywhere in your kitchen and feel free to take it with you on the road! After opening the bottle, Stur tastes best within 30 days, or as indicated by the best-by date on the packaging."
5
1.9 Fl Oz. About 18 servings.
Without having the packaging in front of me, I believe they say each Stur contains enough flavoring for 20 drinks. This is a scam. You did nothing wrong. You, like me, got duped by a knockoff and paid a premium price for it.
haven't had a problem, but haven't opened all of them. Really like the pomegranate and cranberry though.
Hi Stacey, Stur Fruit Flavors are certified Kosher by ok.org. The other Stur products use Kosher ingredients, but have not yet been certified Kosher. Lori
One box with five individually wrapped pastries. So they are about $1.00 per pastry. Our box arrived today. Fresh, tasted just like pop-tarts. No frosting. No freshness problems with ours. A nice treat. Will purchase again.
Modified Potato starch is in the ingredient list.
Per pastry: 160 calories, 5g fat, 31g carbs, 4g fiber, 12 sugars, less than 1g protein.
There are 5 pastries in each box. If it helps at all my daughter loves them!!
No.
Shanna, It's 2.15 per bar. The shipping is 5.95, flat rate, regardless of how many bars you get, 1 or 100, it stays 5.95. So it pays to order more.
its just this favor it seems......which no other stores sell at the moment.....coconut cashew is my favorite and GNC sells it for the same price as here.....but its not 4 dollars.....thats crazy...
http://www.questproteinbar.com/store/pc/viewPrd.asp?idproduct=60&idcategory=2
1. That's all. Do not order.
As long as the spill guard is on the bottom rung, a 6 inch highball glass can be used
It does if you order the Mocha pods for the machine
Yes it can be used to make hot chocolate if you purchase the correct capsules.
NO!
Yes and the Nescafe website. Have not seen in any stores.
No. Only the Dolce Gusto pods work in these machines, and no fill-your-own pods or filters. If you want an occasional cappuccino and don't want the mess -- or to pay $4-5 at the coffee shop -- then this is the way to go. If you shop online with care, a cappuccino runs around $1 or a non-milk drink runs about half of that (esspresso, longo, americano, tea). We love ours. Considering getting one for my Mom, who prefers a European style coffee once or twice a day. The Dolce Gusto is perfect for that. FYI: the best deal we've found for pods is to "subscribe" either at the Dolce-Gusto store, or as of last week or so, here at Amazon. It's slightly cheaper here at Amazon, but to get the best price you need to buy 3-packs of the same flavor. The subscription doesn't have to be monthly and can be changed or cancelled any time. The next best price is by subscribing for four boxes at the Dolce Gusto store. That gets you free, fast shipping and you can mix the flavors any way that you like. Again, the subscription does not have to be monthly, and you can cancel it anytime. We don't want the same mix of flavors every month, so we cancel one subscription and immediately start another with the adjusted mix of flavors that we want in the next shipment.
1 year I just love mine
Water is forced thru the milk pods the same way the coffee is forced. It does foam...not a lot...but enough. It is wonderful.
No. It uses its own capsules from Nescaf.
Yes as longas you get a full body coffee.it is the best coffee that I have had.
Sorry to say yes Mary. And I would not have bought them if they had given that info on the order site. I either buy the organic Italian or pinons (also organic) from the South West. Won't but these again for philosophical and safety reasons.
from china, i threw mine out too. dr fuhrmans are the only ones from the mediterranean. but they have very little taste to them
i believe so - they are very good but i will discontinue buying as they come from china.
I think the flavor is more pronounced
China
No
This is instant coffee but organic and tastes absolutely excellent! It includes only one cup per bag but worth it
There are 30 sachets. I usually only have one a day, so it last the whole month.
Two most days
No need to freeze. Store it in a dry cool place. I keep mine in the same cabinet as the pots and pans. There are 2 adults in my household and we bake one loaf of bread every week.
Yes! I love this yeast, I'm a pretty serious (home) baker. I'm very particular, and I mostly bake with whole wheat flour. It is the best yeast I've come across. It works so very well!
I've only had good results with this yeast. I'm not an expert and I don't know how much you know, so I'll keep it simple. Make sure your water is 105-115 when adding to yeast with sugar to activate. Let dough rise for longer times before baking. Otherwise good product
The package doesn't say but there is a phone number to call. 800 525-0177.
Believe or not, it is the bread machine that failed. I returned mine after 6 months of use and it was supposedly one of the best models out there. With me it was hit or miss. The bread would either turn well or really bad, even if the same steps were taken. A lot of it has to do with the temperature in the room. In the winter months the bread machine didn't work so well. We have switched to making our own bread in a dutch oven instead. Get yourself a copy of "My Bread: The Revolutionary No-Work, No-Knead Method" by Jim Lahey.
it doesn't say on the box but you could call the company 1-800-347-0105 or www.HodgsonMill.com
Toddler has more iron and calcium... as they need more as their bones are hardening.
dec 15
It is about the same. It has more vitamins and minerals that a walking toddler needs for bones
12/2014 is marked on my labels
im sorry i dont
Oct 1&#65292;2014
Hi, this is a good question, however I'm not sure HOW I, as a fellow customer, can answer this question - I just received an email from Amazon asking if I can answer this. I suppose it's a flaw in the system. I can however say that I have never received "expired" cans through purchases made on Amazon, only from Walmart, and that was only of concentrate. The powder seems to have a relatively decent shelf life.
They did make decent braut's for me. These stretch out much better then the imitations. Never tried deer but I don't see why not.
You do not need to use them all at once. I have had them for several months and made several batches of sausage. They are packed heavily in salt, so you just take out a few casings as you need them. I usually make 6lbs at a time and it takes only about 3 casings to make 6 lbs.
It's has on package that its a product of the USA but packaged in Mexico.
That may be a bit large for these. If fully stuffed I think mine are close to 1-1/2
Yes they are. You would also need to use a little egg white for the binder.
We use this size for bratwurst. I'm unsure what potatoe sausage is, but we would love the recipe. Good luck. Hope this was helpful.
I have ordered this multiple time and the expired date has always been at least 2 years in the future
Hello, Yes, if it shows in the shipping list then we do ship. We pretty much ship items all around the world. Kind Regards Spellbound From England
43mg for each 2.5g serving.
Probably free shipping because was purchased by an Amazon Prime member where shipping was free.
Good Morning, Thank you for your email. I can confirm that Amazon products are listed with Amazon prime delivery. However from a seller they are not. I can confirm that there can be multiply sellers on a listing including Amazon themselves therefore the Amazon prime shipping is shown. I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any further enquiries. Kind Regards Amy
Good Afternoon, Thank you for your email. I can confirm that amazon prime only applies to amazon products. We are a seller on amazon and therefore this service does not apply to our products. I hope this helps and please feel free to contact me if you have any other quieries. Kind Regards, Grace
No
The bag that I received had expiration date of October 2014 I think. We used the gummys as part of party favors and it went well. I hope this helps.
Hundreds. The gummies are approximately 1.5 inches long x 3/4 inch wide. Volume-wise, the bag is around 3/4 gallon.
One giant bag!
Not sure but they were a hit in April at my son's bday party! Super yummy!
The Dandelion Dark Roast is gluten free and does not have barley. The French Roast does have barley.
The ingredients are listed as: Roasted organic carob, organic chicory, organic dandelion root, dates, almonds, natural caramel nut flavor, organic figs. I would assume that since the dates and almonds aren't listed as organic, that is where the 25% of non-organic ingredients come in.
I've only had the hazelnut Teeccino, so I can't help you with that one.
Looks like we have more coming on Tuesday 12/24.
3 packs, one of each flavor
I got these for my 8 month old. They dissolve, so as soon as they are on food you could really give these to baby. My almost 4 year old loves them, but I limit how many he can have.
July/August/Oct,2015,
no
No
I have read all of the ingrediants on the Yogurt snacks and the rice cakes and they both only contain veggies and fruits. Animal product free. My son loves them. Only thing I can say in any potentially negative light is they stain easily. I know exactly where my son drops pieces by the red and purple dots across the house. Ha
I think it will change due to different batches.
only 3 oz.
The expiration date is March 4,2015^^
sugar and stevia extract are the sweeteners.
No, and very strong
Yes
I ordered the unsweetened tea because I am diabetic but I can tell you it tastes exactly like my mama's tea, (before she put 5 pounds of sugar in it of course)! It is not the bad instant taste but the really fresh brewed flavor we southerners love.
Definitely. I have a 2.0 and it works with any K-cup bearing the "K-Cup label on its packaging. Also, the back of the box for the Keurig 2.0 shows many of the various K-cups that will work with the 2.0. One K-cup that is NOT shown on the back of the box is the Kirkland brand Pacific Bold coffee sold at Costco, but that K-cup also works on the 2.0. I am coming to the conclusion that the 2.0 has been designed so that the empty K-cups into which people can put their own coffee have been barred from use.
22
When I described how good this tea is I told my sister "It's like McDonald's maybe a little better." Use a little less than a full 16 oz. cup of ice and the 6 oz. option. I drink McDonald's tea every day during the Summer. Now I won't have to leave home to get it.
Caffiene is not listed however neither or the k-cups says caffeine free, so i guess it does, sorry I couldn't help you
The box states 9g of sugar.
Yes
hello,yes the expiration is oct 23,2015. thank you ,jenny
Unfortunately, the label doesn't say. Besides the 0g fat, and 0mg sodium, there's 6g of carbs and 4g of sugars, but that's all that's listed. Potassium chloride (a typical salt substitute) is not listed in the ingredients.
It doesn't say anything about Red # 3 on the ingredients , listed as ingredients: Tomato concentrate made from vine ripened tomatoes, high fructose corn syrup, distilled vinegar, corn syrup, less than 2% of: sugar, onion powder, garlic powder, natural flavors.
White Chocolate (sugar, cocoa butter, whole milk, nonfat milk, milkfat, soy lecithin (an emulsifier), vanilla extract, natural mixed tocopherols (vitamin E) added to preserve freshness), almonds, semisweet chocolate (sugar, chocolate processed with alkali, cocoa butter, milkfat, soy lecithin ( an emulsifier) vanillin (an artificial flavor), milk, natural and artificial flavor), coconut (with sodium metabisulfite added to preserve whitness), contains 1% or less of the following: artificial flavor, corn syrup, confectionary glaze, modified starch (tapioca), coconut oil, citric acid, sorbic acid call 1-800-636-1406 for consumer information (These are wonderful! After Costco stopped stocking them I went online to fine them. Yea Amason!)
No
1/3 cup = 220 cal. 15 g fat. 19 carbs. 2 g fiber. Sodium 20mg
I just bought a bag at Costco today. 2 pounds, nine and change.
The label did not say "gluten free". Almonds are gluten free, and the chocolate coating is as well- but they may well have used a binder to stabilize the coconut between them. Mark Avenue is a subdivision of Gertrude Hawk Chocolates, a major manufacturer. You would be safest contacting the manufacturer if you have an allergy. See: http://www.gertrudehawkchocolates.com/products/dark-chocolate-coconut-almonds-1-2
Hi, its usually a 4-5 business day transit. I will confirm when I get to the office. Remember there is a holiday next week as well which can goof things up.
If its just a case or two I can do clear bags. Just let me know when you order so we are sure to make it correctly.
I recommend about two weeks prior to consumption. We ship via Fedex from Arizona. Texas is usually a 3 day transit plus we need time to manufacture your order. We do try to ship asap.
It was much smaller than expected. About 5 inches square.
Blue, pink, yellow, purple
Yes. Just let us know when you place your order. We would be happy to make all blue for you.
Just send us a message with your order number letting us know that you would like all pink as soon as you place your order and we will make sure it is all pink.
Hi, If you order today we can ship it out tomorrow. Since I don't know where we would be shipping all I can tell you is that is should not take more than 5 business days to reach you. That being said, I think it should make it.
Order by Monday, October 13.
Vegetable oil, not greasy tasty and fresh...hope you try them.
Yep, and are so good.
We are using palm oil.
Vegetable Oil
yes unless specifically labeled "unsulphured"...the sulphur preserves the bright orange color, unsulphered apricots are brown in color
These are halves of the apricots. The Turkish style they use the apricots as a hole. That is one of the reasons that I prefer California apricots, you can really taste the inside of the fruit.
Good morning DaPom, you will be very happy with the California Dried Apricots if you are looking for tart/tangy dried apricots. This brand is the best I have found on the market. The Del Monte Pacific style are not as tangy or sweet in my opinion. When using dried apricots in any baking or cooking, I depend on the Sun Maid California Dried Apricots. The recipes are just not the same without them.
Yes I did compare Stevia Select and KAL Stevia. However, please understand each of us will have a slightly different opinion of this product based on our taste buds due to our bodies and life habits such as; non smoker vs smoker, dental work, etc. Having lived on KAL Stevia for years, it was a shock to find out that they had added fillers to their products along with increasing prices. It should not have been a surprise however as I found it took more product to give me the taste I was used to in my food and drink. Needless to say, as a consumer I felt betrayed. There was no red label saying new and improved with fillers! No, it seemed to have been done quietly. In my weeks and months of reading and searching I found, Stevia Select. It is not a perfect match to the old KAL Stevia, but it is, as close as I have been able to come. Example: With the Old KAL Stevia, you could put it in any iced drink (after you had poured it) and it seemed to immediately dissolve evenly with only gentle stirring. With Stevia Select, you put your Stevia in "FIRST", then add your liquid, cereal or whatever and stir gently. The Stevia seems to quickly dissolve and distributes nicely, rarely do I need extra stirring for better distribution of the Stevia. As with KAL Stevia, if you put too much in at one time you will get a slightly bitter taste. Using the small measuring spoon, provided in Stevia Select, place one level spoonful of Stevia Select into a cup or glass, now pour in your beverage. Do a taste test. Do this until you reach a sweet taste that is perfect for you, but not so much that you get a bitter after taste. Summary: KAL Stevia Vs Stevia Select Bitter Taste Kal Stevia: Too much Stevia gives a bitter after taste that can overpower what you are eating or drinking. Stevia Select: The same is true for Stevia Select, don't use as much product. Dissolves & Distribution of Sweetner Kal Stevia: Dissolves on top of drinks and distributes well, gentle stirring required. Stevia Select: Dissolves best with drinks poured on top of the Stevia, gentle stirring required. Amount of Product Kal Stevia: Less Stevia and more fillers now require more product to reach the familiar sweet taste. Stevia Select: No fillers. Less Stevia is needed to reach the familiar sweet taste. Cost Kal Stevia: The product has been altered, it now has fillers mixed with the Steiva. This means you are buying less Stevia Product. To compensate, the containers (to me anyway) seemed to enlarge and a higher price tag installed. Stevia Extract: 100% pure and seems reasonable priced and affordable. And no, I am not affiliated with Stevia Select nor any other product. I am simply a consumer.
Hi! Glad to hear your loving the taste :) We suggest keeping the inner lid prssure seal on and simply poke 1 hole out for the powder to dispense. This allows you to shake only the tiniest bit. Soon you will know how many shakes you use and can judge by sight. Much easier than having to keep a spoon handy. Not hard to do and when it sprinkles lightly its easier to manage. Let us know if you have any other questions. Diana
We are proud to say that ALL of the Stevia used in our stevia extract, stevia liquid, and stevia flavors is grown in Paraguay, South Amercia. Not many (if any at all) stevia companies can say that since "most" stevia is grown in China and shipped worldwide then manufactured in the states. We guarantee our stevia extract is 100% pure-no fillers or additives. Thanks for your great question! If you need any further assistance, we can be reached at info@steviaselect.com. Thank you, Diana
Yes, it is white. I personally bought the green by accident and didn't like the grassy flavor or the color. This is about 200 X's sweeter then the green and tastes great!
The bottle says "Grown and harvested in South America. Another tip...It is very difficult to shake out a small amount, but if you use too much it becomes bitter. If you do not remove the inside paper seal, but rather punch one hole in the paper through one hole in the cap, you can control amts. better.
Hi, Bottle states quote " certifies this product to be 100% pure stevia extract and NOTHING else added. Ingredients Stevia , 100% pure NO fillers"
It most certainly does! The very small size of the spoon is appropriate because you only need a small amount to sweeten food to your taste. If you are sweetening something like a large pitcher of juice, the shaker feature allow you to add the stevia in larger quantities.
No it does not. It is pure Stevia. I highly recommend it.
I agree with R. Ross. Label does not say organic. However I do not recall ever reading anything about GMO stevia. I do like this brand but if you are looking for strictly organic powder Stevia I also like two others: SweetLeaf Organic Stevia and also White Label Premium Herbs & Spices sells 100% Pure Organic White Stevia Extract Powder. Both of those are consistently good quality. I have purchased them from Amazon several times each.
H4eello Benjamin, Stevia Select does not have Kosher certification for our products, at this time. Thanks for your question and let us know if we can help in any other way. All the best, Diana
The bottle says 5 drops per serving which might mean teaspoon. I personally use 7-8 drops for a large cup of Keurig type coffee.
I am sorry,but i don't know.
Our stevia liquid is made the with Stevia Select premium pure stevia extract and combined with purified water to make it a liquid. It does not go through a refining process. It is simply the pure stevia and liquid combined in an extract with Vitamin C to naturally preserve freshness. If you have any other questions, we would be happy to answer for you. Simply email info@steviaselect.com. Thank you, Diana
Hello, the "natural flavor" found on our label is actually a mistake from our label designer. We DO NOT have any natural flavors in our stevia liquid. The ingredients should read "Water, stevia, Vit. C, potassium Sorbate (freshness)". We apologize for this isprint and are revising our labels to reflect this. Unfortunately, it takes a while for this process. Thank you for your question and let us know if we can answer anything else. Thanks, Diana-Stevia Select
Hello Omen! Our water is naturally purified. It is pure Spring water. Thanks for your question and sorry for the delayed answer. You can always contact us within your Amazon account to get a faster reply. Thanks, Diana
I threw away the bag so I could not consult the written material. I do believe it is semi-pearled. It is delicious and full of nutrients. I would definitely get it for that reason and the fact that it is organic. Sorry it took this long to answer your question.
7g per serving (1/4 cup dry)
No it is just one bag
Excelent!
7 grams per serving/ serving size = 1/4 cup dry
don't know but will gladly send you like 50 grains by mail and you can experiment. Just leave me an address.
don't know
The label says 100% juice, and the ingredients say: "Soursop Juice (Soursop concentrate, filtered water)"
The 8.45 oz drink (1 serving) contains 21g of sugar (all natural, no artificial sweetener, and no sugar added). Total Carbohydrates 33g. Calories are 130, Sodium 20mg, Vitamin A 8%, Calcium 6%, Vitamin C 100%, Iron 6%.
it contains natural sugar from the fruit only and doesn't raise blood sugar.
Looking at the label, zero potassium. 33g total carbs. 130 calories per serving. 100 percent juice. No sugar added.
Amount Per 1 fruit (7" x 5-1/4" dia) (625 g) Calories 412 % Daily Value* Total Fat 1.9 g 2% Saturated fat 0.3 g 1% Polyunsaturated fat 0.4 g Monounsaturated fat 0.6 g Cholesterol 0 mg 0% Sodium 88 mg 3% Potassium 1,738 mg 49% Total Carbohydrate 105 g 35% Dietary fiber 21 g 84% Sugar 85 g Protein 6 g 12% Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 214% Calcium 8% Iron 21% Vitamin D 0% Vitamin B-6 20% Vitamin B-12 0% Magnesium 32% *Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.
Hm... Well, half a gram is about 1.6 cups of sugar, which is 76.8 tsp... so 6.5mg would be equal to one tsp sugar equivalence. In a 50 gram bag... 50,000/6.5=7692.3 teaspoons of sugar sweetness equivalence, or roughly 160 cups (50,000/312=160.256). Good luck
I emailed BulkSupplements, and received this answer: Hi, Around 95% of the world's raw nutritional raw materials are manufactured in Japan, China and Korea. Only one manufacturer of amino acids (our most common type of nutritional product) is located in the USA and they currently only manufacture 3 amino acids. All of the foreign manufacturers that we purchase our raw ingredients from have FDA Certification and receive periodic on-site inspections to assure the safety of their products and process controls. Many nutritional manufacturers located in the USA will print "Made in the USA" right on their labels, but what they don't tell you is that everything EXCEPT the actual nutritional raw materials are made in the USA. The principal ingredient you are taking as a nutritional supplement is manufactured in China, Japan, or Korea. Generally, the only thing made in the USA is the packaging, label and the empty capsule. Nutritional manufacturers are not required to disclose on their product labels where their nutritional raw materials are manufactured. So, what do you do? You have two choices. The easiest thing to do would be to tell yourself that you will never consume any nutritional product ever again. That's a pretty simple solution that would definitely work. But if you were really committed to your conviction never to consume any China manufactured product you would also have to vow never to take a prescription drug and never consume any processed foods for the rest of your life since virtually all pharmaceutical raw materials and food additives are manufactured in China as well. The facts are that there are many multibillion dollar pharmaceutical corporations here in the USA that almost exclusively use China manufactured raw materials in the production of their drugs. These multibillion dollar pharmaceutical corporations have a vested interest in assuring the purity and safety of their products and because the raw materials used to make those products come from China, they absolutely take every possible step necessary to assure the safety of their products and limit their liabilities. That is why many of the products that we carry are manufactured according to USP (United States Pharmacopoeia) standards as well as Japan and European manufacturing standards. Once again, all of the foreign manufacturers that we purchase our raw ingredients from have FDA Certification receiving periodic on-site inspections to assure the safety of their products and process controls. Thank You, Lupe BulkSupplements.com With best regards, Customer Service
Use Splenda for a while, and imagine it in a much much much smaller quantity to get the same sweet, without as much aftertaste because there are no other fillers, additives or things like that. Like any other sugar substitute, it's all about moderation, if you use too much it may get sweeter, but there is a point where it tastes "wrong' so to speak.
From what I have read, it doesn't appear that you need worry about spoilage. However, the sucralose can crystallize and clog the dropper. The best bet might be to try a half-bottle first and see what problems you have, if any. With no nutritional value at all, I don't think there is anything bacteria could grow on but keep an eye on it.
I used it with making some coconut flour pancakes, this is so much more concentrated than splenda, no joke in my coffee a tiny few sprinkles will do easy, where now if I switch back to splenda like 6 teaspoons is still not as sweet. I can say this the smallest pouch lasts me 2 months using it in my coffee which is daily 1 to 3 cups. You might have to put say in your mixture and taste test it for sweetness to your liking.
320mg sucralose = 1 cup sugar 20mg sucralose = 1 tbs sugar
Yes, there are no fillers that may contain carbs. That is why you only need a tiny bit, it is pure sucralose.
It is definitely Sucralose as it is very, very sweet, the image posted must be a mixed up label. I would definitely order from them again -- although 50 grams is probably going to last me years.
6 pack
10 calories - not much else. I like them with Smart Balance, cilantro and garlic stirred in.
Did not get this one. Unsure. But I liked the regular fettuccini and spaghetti tossed with a touch of trader joes pesto
My noodles are not black? Perhaps the package some how has been opened and resealed??? The noodles are white that I have and in a watery substance.
Nope. It really messes with the texture in a bad way.
I don't know, but I do know that I was very disappointed in the product/s.
Yes, that's correct. It's a lot of popcorn.
Yes and non gmo which is great.
The kernals once popped are about 1/2 to 2/3 the size of your typical popcorn. However, it tastes amazing and buttery...without adding butter! Now that I've had this popcorn, I can't go back. The typical popcorn at store tastes like cardboard and dense to me!
You need to ask the seller
No
4
The ingredients are erythritol from non-GMO corn and luo han guo. The product looks and tastes exactly like sugar but is zero calorie, heat stable, diabetic safe and is described in my Kindle book "Naturally Sweet and Healthy - Cook and Bake Without Sugar or Artificial Sweeteners."
What I've found is that that information is proprietary and they don't want to give it out. The nutrition information only lists the 4g "sugar alcohols" (i.e. erythritol) per serving size, but not how much luo han. When I was mixing my own stevia-erythritol blend, I found that a 1 : 250-300g ratio will make it taste something like this, where the stevia isn't too strong with the aftertaste (Truvia for instance uses too much stevia and it still has the aftertaste). So for 10g of erythritol to sweeten a cup of tea or something, you would add about .03 g (or 30mg) of stevia, or a single 45mg scoop that comes in some stevia jars would be good. So the luo han should be similar; perhaps with a lesser ratio since it doesn't have quite as bitter a taste.
Total carbs = 4g sugars= 0g sugar alcohols= 4g
It is produced in Japan.
Greetings~ Lakanto is made from a proprietary blend of the sweet extract of the Chinese luo han guo fruit and erythritol (a non digestable sugar alcohol made by fermenting the sugar in non-genetically modified corn), Lakanto is a completely unique natural sweetener that is calorie free, zero glycemic and perfect for your healthy lifestyle. Let us know if there is anything further we can do to help. Kind regards.
White is the equivalent to table sugar, golden is the equivalent to brown sugar. I'm not sure on the process. This refers to taste. And the taste of both are delicious!
It desolves as well as regular granulated sugar...if not a bit better.
Yes - but Lipton company tells me it has been discontinued and I am devastated. It works great when you have a night with insomnia problems and also is soothing when you have Irritable Bowel Syndrome - it sooths. I hope they will bring it back
Yes and it is the best tea.
6 box case
Yes, they are the small packets, 1000 a box, not packaged as seen on the pictures.
I too was only able to purchase the Sugar Twin Packets as the manufacturer has discontinued spoonable Sugar Twin in 7.13 boxes. I am not as happy using the packets but they are better than other brand sweeteners in the marketplace. Economically it was better to purchase several 1000 count packet boxes/cases (8x10x6 rough cases measurement size)
I just looked and it says 0.028 so I would say yes.
I wish I knew - I've been buying it for 30 years and the last I ordered was a carton of 12 boxes on Amazon - and that's no longer available.
I would like to know the answer to this queston.
1,000 of the packets you use in restaurants, etc. are in 1 box. Each packet is equal to one teaspoon, so you have 2,000 teaspoons. I'd definitely say it's much more than 5 lbs. of sugar (around here it's 4 pounds now !)
the seeds are raw
I think yes, because these seeds are not processed in any way, and would be too hard to use in filling as they are. But please do not take my word for it since I never made poppy seed strudel before.
Very possible. Because if the poppy seeds are " washed " and weren't dryed properly it could change the taste to bitter, even if they are freshly harvested.
Australia
Yes, they are very, very washed. They used to be good, but they are garbage now. Not to mention, the customer service is deplorable.
that's not even in english
the seeds are washed and also spoiled
in case you were still wondering, yes these seeds are unwashed and the flavor is excellent
We use them and love them, no problems.
In my experience they are the most "unwashed" and freshest I have been able to find so far. There's not really a full proof method to check but usually the darker the water you wash them in, the better the seeds are.
No, all seeds in a bag are from the same source.
I found quite a lot of information about grading of poppy seeds on Google and contacting the seller " Food-To-live " would both probably be better choices than asking me. that since I couldn't actually speak for Food-To-Live, the poppy seed industry and don't grade poppy seeds commercially. for my own purposes , I would expect that grade " A " would mean first quality recently harvested fresh seeds , well sifted of debris , unwashed or very lightly washed , rich oily coating , large black round or oval shape, crunchy texture and that desirable rich natural poppy seed taste and smell. so far all the seeds I have bought from several companies on Amazon have met my standards as mentioned, Food-For-Life seeds probably being the best, most recent , I have bought on Amazon. thanks for asking for my opinion.
The labels read product of Spain. Unless someone has further insight, I'd assume Spain's the COO.
I'm not sure. I'm sorry. Good luck.
Not anymore. They produce brown liquid but since January have sucked and been chemically cleaned. Does not provide effects even after consuming LOTS... These are the first brown watered ones to have ZERO effect
You just did.
Numerous years depending on if it is stored in a cool dry place. I would say 2 years or more as long as it's away from all moisture
Serving Size 1/4 cup (21.5 gm) Calories: 95 Total Fat: 2.5 gm; Sat-Fat: 1.5 gm; Trans-Fat: 0; Monounsat: 1 gm; Polyunsat: 0 -- *CARBS 12 gm: Fiber: 10 gm; Sugars: 0 -- *Protein: 6 gm
No
I don't see any evidence of peanuts or any other nuts...It's suppose to be certified organic raw cacao powder and that's what it looks like cacao powder..I hope this helps..I would suggest you contact the company Caribbean Cacao maybe by e-mail if not by phone and ask them,especially if you have a nut allergy!!..Good Luck!
It says it's USDA Certified Organic...that means it's not SUPPOSED to be irradiated. I don't think Kosher foods can be irradiated either. It's very good Cocoa!
I bought the rich, strong, and delicious raw cacao powder. Here are the details. Just be careful not to add too much cacao and if you're using coconut oil to make candy, be careful and use more raw white chocolate. It's yummy and fantastic! Here're the details. Cacao Powder- Pure, Raw, Organic, Kosher, Bulk. Highest Quality Available, From Latin America. A Great Addition to Your Cocoa Butter, Beans, or Nibs. Great for Smoothies, Baking, or Desserts. Highest Antioxidant Value Available in Food. by Caribbean Cacao 32 customer reviews Price: $19.99 In Stock. Sold by Silk Road LLC and Fulfilled by Amazon. Gift-wrap available. Size: 2 LBS
It is thick plastic
Looks that way. Whole foods has it for 4.99 per bottle and if you buy 12 you get 10% discount so the case would cost you $54.
Yes they are, they are also BPA FREE!!!! THE MOST AMAZING COCONUT WATER I HAVE EVER TASTED:)
From http://harmlessharvest.com/faq: While some people call HPP (the pressure system we use) "cold pasteurization," our coconut water is not pasteurized in the customary sense of pasteurization meaning heat treated. Our coconut water is never thermally treated for the purpose of killing pathogens and maintains the organoleptic and nutritional values of freshly cracked coconuts.
The shipment I got was about two weeks after I received it.
They come with cold packs in them so they are cold sometimes they come frozen but they are never spoiled. Sometimes you will get them and a couple of them will be pink read the label it will explain to you why it is pink. I hope that this helps.
Generally when I buy this stuff at the grocery store it has an expiration date about 3 weeks out
1 case of 12 bottles 16 ounce a bottke
This item is shipped frozen in an insulated container with food safe temperature controlling gel ice packs.
When I shipped express I got it overnight. It was funny as it was cheaper to ship express then it was two day and it got there faster. Ice packs were still hard.
Yes
No, there is no reason why you can not have them shipped to New Jersey. You must select expedited shipping.
No, at this time we do not.
No, u may feed baby within an hour after opening and then dispose of after that if baby hasnt finished it within that hour time frame.
Each package comes with 1 nipple, but note these are fast flow. If your baby is young, you need to buy slow/medium flow ones.
According to the packaging it should be kept at room temperature in a dark place. As such, I would say yes, if it sits out in the sun for a day it would probably be bad.
I purchased this over a month ago and the ones that I received had an expiration date of November 2014.
There's only one nipple in each box, so 6 total.
I kept my son on the supplementation until he was a year and started doing half formula half whole milk until he adjusted to just whole milk.
Once you have opened the bottle, it must be used within a hour. Do not use it after an hour, it is no longer good for use and will not be good for your baby's tummy. Just like cow's milk begins to expire after so long, so does ready to feed baby formula. It will begin to sour and will no longer be safe to feed your baby after an hour. So with that being said, you may refrigerate the milk in between uses, if the baby doesn't drink it all at one time... but after an hour has passed upon you opening the seal of the ready to feed bottle, I advise you to discard it and open up a fresh one. But in my opinion, I would not use these bottles if your baby doesn'tnot drink 2 oz quite yet. I would purchase the powder formula so that you can control how much you make. Though these bottles are convenient, our babies don't always drink it all in one sitting and by the time they want more milk, the bottle we opened before will be no good. Just telling you from my own personal experience. The powder formula comes with a scoop and it gives you more control over how much you make for a feeding. This is especially convenient when you begin to learn your baby's eating patterns.
I have never tasted any type of formula before, however, each formula is formulated differently to accomodate for each child's specific needs (I.e. fussiness and gas, sensitive stomach, spitting up issues, etc.). Therefore, I would reckon that the formulas have some type of distinct taste since the ingredients differ. I do know that formulas tend to smell differently. Some formulas have a stronger smell than others. So with a different smell, i would suppose there to be an accompanying unique taste. Hope this helps.
Its another way formula is trying to be more like breast milk. Because even formula companies know that breastmilk is far superior.
Each package has one nipple.
One
Yes
Hi Carol ....as far as I know the answer to your question is yes.
Organic Brown Rice flour, Organic corn flour, organic quinoa flour, organic amaranth flour. This pasta holds up well when cooked properly, doesn't turn to mush after a little while. We even cook extra and store in in cold water in the frig for a few days for a quick snack later on.
Serving size, 3/4 cup dry; calories 200, calories from fat 20; Total Fat 2 3%; Saturated Fat 0g 0%; Trans Fat 0g 0%; Total Carbohydrate 41g 14%; Dietary Fiber 2g 8%; Sugars 0g; Protein 4g. Vitamin A 0%; Vitamin C 0%; Calcium 2%; Phosphorus 30%; Iron 8%.
Hi Liz, Yes, you will receive 6 boxes, each containing 16 sachets of coffee. Be bless and enjoy.
I too like strong coffee with a creamer (I know that this is bad for me). I also add a bit of coconut oil on top. The coconut oil has so may benefits. No more dry skin and hair. I purchased the Bio Coffee because a friend swears by it and gave me a sample. I use it as a substitute for strong caffinated coffee. It has a very pleasant taste and I find it quite good especially in the evening before bedtime.. It is a bit sweet. I am trying to eliminate sugar from my diet altogether. I recommend it but not as a substitute for strong black coffee unless you a trying to ween yourself from caffine. Hope this helps.
Caffeine doesn't bother me so I can drink it. BUT it does have caffeine in it (and some sugar). I suspect that half a cup wouldn't bother you.
On my box, the date is November 15, 2014. (I would imagine that it is good much longer than that since it is completely dry and well-packaged.
16 servings..
Organic Pumpkin seeds: Nutritional Profile per serving: Serving size 2 TBLS (15 gms) Calories 52, Total Fat 1.08g, Saturated fat .16gmg, Potassium, Carbohydrates 1.43g, Insoluble fiber 1.34g , Protein 10.6g, Sodium 1.49mg, Potassium 124mg, Zinc 2.34mg, Iron 3.01mg, Magnesium 164mg, Phosphorus 348mg
The manufacturer describes it on the label as "raw powder."
Pumpkin seeds do not contain fructan. View this video please ----&gt; https://youtu.be/2ewyB2TpYDY
I have it in my kitchen cupboard, so in the dark
I did look at several recipes for baked goods using soy protein powder. Some used soy protein powder exclusively, while others as a replacement for a small proportion of flour. I think the greater the percentage of protein powder to any grain flour, the less likely it would work--but I'm not a food chemist. I suspect pumpkin's reaction to yeast, baking powder, baking soda, etc., is significant. And there's the color--it's green like pumpkin seeds. I saw a blueberry muffin recipe that was all soy protein powder, and when I imagined blueberry + green pumpkin seed powder I thought "Gray muffin. Mmm" I wonder if whey protein isolate might work for you. I mention it because I learned about it from Nicole Hunn, who wrote Gluten-Free on a Shoestring Bakes Bread (She creates magic (Magic!) baked goods, but they're not low-carb, just gluten free.). It may be helpful to learn what Nicole uses whey protein isolate for to determine whether that could be subbed for soy. Read about it here: http://glutenfreeonashoestring.com/stock-your-gluten-free-pantry-baking/
15 grams per serving
I really don't know. I have no way of confirming that. I can only go on what the manufacturer says.
The literature I have received with the product does not go into the details about roasting or soaking but it does say that they use European style cold expeller presses to produce oils, flowers and powders. I suggest you write to them directly to find the answer you seek. The literature says to contact them online with any questions at seedoilcompany.com. I would be interested in their response as well.
Yes
Very simple...just pumpkin seed powder. Excellent product!
Yes they have soy flour
Yes. 14.1oz each jar.
I found this info at: http://www.clubtraderjoes.com/trader-joes-faq/speculoos-cookie-butter-faq That should tell you everything! Trader Joe's Speculoos Cookie Butter is really just ground up Speculoos cookies mixed with sugar and oil. Here are the ingredients list: Serving Size: 1 Tbsp (15g) Nutrition facts: 90 calories, 50 calories from fat, 6g fat, 1.5g saturated fat, 0g trans fat, 0mg cholesterol, 0mg sodium, 8g total carbs, 0g fiber, 5g sugar, &lt;1g sugar INGREDIENTS: 57% SPECULOOS (WHEAT FLOUR, CANDY SUGAR, MARGARINE [PALM OIL, CANOLA OIL, COCONUT OIL, RAPESEED OIL, WATER, SALT, EMULSIFIER {VEGETABLE MONO-AND DIGLYCERIDES FROM FATTY ACIDS}, CITRIC ACID, ALCTIC ACID, COLOR ADDED {BETA CAROTENE}, BUTTERFLAVOR (NON-DAIRY)], SUGAR, SOY FLOUR, SUGAR SYRUP, RAISING AGENT {SODIUM HYDROGEN CARBONATE}, CINNAMON, NUTMEG), PALM OIL, CANOLA OIL, SUGAR, EMULSIFIER: RAPESEED LECITHIN.
Container is plastic. Expiration is around 1 year.
No
The jars that I bought had a "use by" date of a year after I got them.
may or june of 2014. they come in a glass container (like a peanut butter jar size.)
I'm out right now, but it's about the same carbs per tablespoon as peanut butter.
Yes...they have the K-cup logo on the box.
Major Dickinson is not Double Black Diamond Bold (Green Mountain), but close. A wonderful coffee though. I am also drinking the San Francisco Bay French Roast. New fave.
The packaging says that the carton was printed in the USA. I don't see any designation about the manufacture of the contents.
I'm looking at the box right now; Total Carbs are 19 grams and Dietary Fiber is 3 grams. Hope this is helpful.
You are right to be suspicious. Sadly, this product is no longer low-carb -- it just has more protein and fiber added. It has 19 total carbs and 16 net carbs. I don't really see much of a benefit here compared to other cereals that are low in sugar. The added protein, fiber and lack of sugar may help some people like diabetics have a somewhat more regular blood sugar and feel full for longer. Also, this cereal is relatively inexpensive and easily found in local grocery stores. But on the other hand, anyone who is helped by this cereal would probably be helped even more by other cereals that are truly low in carb, with more protein and fiber and less grain, gluten, etc. There are a fair number of other truly low-carb cereals (I recommend "Hi-Lo" or Dixie Diner) that are healthier and taste better, though you would probably need to order them online such as through Amazon, and they tend to be a little to a lot more expensive. Hi-Lo is only 1 to 2 dollars more, Dixie Diner a bit more.
not in my stores yet either, D. Jones. It DOES make you feel full and curves hunger amazingly. Get it from Amazon, I get boxes every month from them. Try one first from them and I can promise you, you will love it. It gives energy with its protein and tastes great with or without adding fruit. Good luck but Amazon is your best bet.
yes, the price went up 2x. it's still available on walmart.com for half the price though
The process...One of the traditional processes of making ghee involves culturing the cream before churning it into butter and then clarifying it into ghee. Pure Indian Foods Grass-fed Organic Cultured Ghee is made by following this age-old and time-honored practice. The result is a delightfully aromatic ghee with a slight tangy flavor characteristic of cultured foods. And as always, Pure Indian Foods ghee is made from milk obtained only during the spring and fall when the cows are on the pasture eating rapidly growing fresh, green grass. Why Cultured Ghee? Milk contains lactose, a natural sugar which gives it that delicate sweet taste. In order for the body to breakdown lactose, an enzyme called lactase must be present. Many people lack this valuable enzyme in their digestive system causing a common digestive problem known as lactose intolerance. In order to metabolize lactose, lactase must always be present. During the culturing of milk or cream, lactose is converted into lactic acid. This makes for a much more digestible product for many people. Remember, generally ghee does not cause a problem with lactose intolerance. This is because during the ghee making process, the lactose is removed even if the butter used to make the ghee was not made from fermented cream.
It will definitely work in the rice cooler. Coconut oil is almost tasteless. It adds a very, very mild nutty flavor. Good with rice.
Space in your pantry... and its really good.
No, its all grass fed cows. You can go to there site for more info at www.pureindianfoods.com Hope this helps.
Serving size: 1 tablespoon for 122 calories all from fat. 14 grams total fat: 10 grams saturated fat, no transfat. 18 mg cholesterol. 0 mg. sodium. 0 grams total carbs. 0 grams protein. Vitamin A. I use this coconut ghee for cooking. It's delicious and I highly recommend that you try it. I also use this company's cultured ghee and it is delicious!!! I use it instead of butter because there is no casein in it and I'm allergic to casein. Melt it and put it on veggies, potatoes, etc. Delicious!!!
Yes, it is Paleo approved. I really like it, especially for cooking
While I haven't put a spoonful in my mouth, when I use it to cook it gives my veggies a slight coconut flavor. Since it's half ghee, it can be a medium coconut flavor to a barely noticeable coconut flavor depending on what you're cooking.
I have not tried it on anything, I usually cook with it like stir fry veggies or pancakes, shrimp, the smell is intoxicating, so good
Yeah that's what I used it for.
Glass
On our listing, that price is for a case of 12 and includes free shipping. Regards, Lisa Hardin's Natural Foods
To me it has great flavor but is in consistency more like a baking chocolate. Not smooth like Lindt. It's worth trying to see what you think. It has it's own unique flavor, much less sugary.
http://lilyssweets.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Original-Dark_Back.png
I dont own lily's but had it for a while until I couldnt tolerate it anymore. I am sad, too that there are some things in there that triggered allergies and sensitivites.
I dont work for Lily's, but I get the bars individually at Whole Foods and not by the box. The chocolate is awesome!
Just one - it wasnt great. Try simply lite instead.
Nutritional information, Lily's coconut dark chocolate. No sugar added. All natural 55% Cocoa, Non-GMO. Ingredients: Unsweetened chocolate, Inulin, Dextrin (from Non-GMO Corn). Erythritol, Cocoa Butter, Organic Coconut, Milkfat, Soy Lecithin, Natural flavors, Stevia extract, Natural vanilla. 1.5 oz. or 40 g. (half a bar) contains: 170 calories (calories from fat - 130), total fat 15g., saturated fat 10g., Transfat 0g., Cholesterol less than 5mg., sodium 5mg, Total carbs 20g., dietary fiber 12g., Sugars less than 1g., Erythritol 5g., Protein 2 g., Vitamin A, C and calcium, less than 1% US RDA, Iron 25% of US RDA. Allergy information: Made on equipment shared with products containing milk, wheat, peanuts, tree nuts and soy. To learn more, go to www.Lilyssweets.com
Yes, I think it is. I compared it to three other brands I had on hand, and it looked to be smaller grain and felt finer when rubbed between my fingers. Honeyville is very good, but Wellbee is the best in my opinion.
This product contains blanched almonds and ONLY blanched almonds. 1/4c=160 cal, 14g fat, 6g carb, 6g protein
Yes. My daughter loves to use this for macaroons.
Machon L'kashrus?? The kosher symbol is very small and difficult to read.
no, almond milk does not contain milk or any actual dairy. Almond milk is made from almonds by soaking them in water, grinding them, then straining the liquid. This product is mainly used as a low carb or gluten free flour alternative.
Yes, I use it in her recipes. It works great.
Wellbee's Super fine Blanched almond flour has 24 carbs per cup.
When I made cookies with this flour they reminded me of marzipan a bit. I'd say it tastes more like almonds than smells like almonds but this is definitely identifiable as a nut flour vs wheat flour. I think it's very delicious and has a light flavor of almonds, not overwhelming at all.
It says "certified Kosher and Gluten Free" on the package. kosher and Gluten free"
Nope...for almond milk and butther you use whole almonds. It's easy!
The package says to store either in the freezer or refrigerator. With other brands, when I kept it in the freezer it seemed to clump up in the freezer but I haven't noticed that yet with this brand
For French macarons this super fine almond flour works really well and better than any brand I've tried. Less waste after sifting and a very smooth shell as a result. I highly recommend!
That's a little strange, the bag of almond flour is really almond flour. When I clicked on the picture another bag of flour popped up and that was definitely not almond flour. The blue bag that says almond flour is good stuff, a lot healthier than real flour, gluten free and makes great cookies and breading for chicken, etc.....
According to the package it says by steam
I've just started using this product. My first order was the 2-pound bag. Since I was baking for Christmas, I used it up very quickly, within 10 days. I didn't keep it in the refrigerator and it seemed fine. My 5-pound bag arrived yesterday. I wasn't planning to refrigerate it, but maybe I should. When nuts are whole (not ground into powder), all the nuts except walnuts are fine at room temperature. Walnuts go rancid much more easily and should be kept in the fridge. Whole wheat flour also goes rancid easily, and I have always kept it refrigerated. I transfer the flour into quart-sized canning jars first.
servings size = 1/4c. Amounts per serving: Calories - 160, Calories from Fat - 130 Total fat - 14g Sat Fat - 1g Trans Fat - 0g Cholesterol - 0g Sodium - 10mg Total Carbs - 6g Fiber - 3g Sugars - 1g Protein - 6g Vit A and C - 0% Calcium and Iron - 6% each.
It is processed in a facility that processes other tree nuts.
We store ours in the fridge and I believe it last about 6 months
They're dry roasted
Doesn't say on bucket. Other than made in USA there's a Dallas TX plant facility address.
It does not say organic on the container.
It should last 6 months in the fridge.
Mine did just fine for 8wks
The heating element stays around 150 degrees (F) and the chocolate will keep around 95 degrees (F).
Electrical Outlet is needed plus extension cord since it has short cord
You can go to their website and purchase just the fountain. However this is a very good deal. The included chocolate is both very, very expensive and very good. I used it for a party and guests really enjoyed it. The initial wow factor does not last and it is more difficult to get chocolate from this type of fountain versus the more traditional one. I am happy with my purchase.
Hi, Yes this unit worked great for our small company party of about 30 people. Remember you must always heat chocolate in microwave prior to putting in the fountain as stated in instructions on chocolate and on fountain.
The fountain holds up to 4 lbs. of chocolate and can serve 35-40 people if it is the main the dessert. You can also add melted chocolate to it if you need to serve more people. Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks!
The entire unit is 16" tall. The tiers are appx. 9" of that and the base is appx. 7" of that.
The fountain is auger driven. Let us know if you have any other questions!
Sweet Fountain Deluge uses a auger.
Sorry, I have not used it in baked goods. I don't notice any odd taste when I fry eggs in it. It probably will change the color, adding a bit of red-orange tinge, which might not be desirable.
Yes I believe so-s mazing stuff too! Great for popcorn, stir fries, great taste and good for your health.
Yes
Yes, comes in clear glass jar. Also softens and hardens (like coconut oil) based on room temperature. So, sometimes harder to get it out than other. Also, taste seems very mild (much so more than coconut) but the color can affect your food presentation. Not a big deal but something to consider.
No I don't like this product it s expire but the seller continue to sale
I'm not sure what it does to hair color, but it does have a heavy yellow color that looks exactly like movie theatre popcorn butter that binds to food and temporarily stains utensils.
Not really... Yes sometimes if you're making Shakes with it...but def. needs some fresh lime-lemon juice, but digests better if we use a little bit of Rum (just a teaspoon)
Well I can say mine did not.
I do not know. It is organic red palm oil that is certified organic by the USDA and is NONGMO verified, but does not say anything about being extra virgin.
According to the label is is only Organic Red Palm Oil.
No, it is not. They sent me this product from China ,look n smell good, but when . I made a cup of tea it tasted like very sweet green grass, so it is just green sweet powder,totally different than green tea latte Matcha from Starbucks and Macha I bought in other companies.
I have only used this to make blended green tea chillers. I would just start with 8 oz. Warm milk and add 1Tbs. (Start with that and go from there).
On the tea packages I received the label is in Chinese writing so I can't understand what it list. It does tadte like it has a bit of sweetness I just dont know how much. It's a very good product an this is my second order of it. Tadtes the closest to the green tea latte that Starbucks has. Sorry I couldn't be of more help. I too are watching my sugar consumption. I hope you can find your answer.
I'm looking at the bottle now and it only says that it is 100% Balsamic Vinegar. It is also my favorite and you only need a little bit to get the full flavor on a salad. Well worth the money and it is a product from Italy. You won't be disappointed as I have tried many others before finding this one.
I emailed the merchant. They replied at least 18 years.
It is very thick! Nice quality! Usually what I get in the store pours out of the bottle really fast because it is so liquid-y but this is different. It pours slowly and thick. Hope that helps! And it is sweet, yes. Not sure about the 'reduction' part of the question - sorry.
10
The MiaBella I received arrived in great condition and tasted great also!
No, we don't process any peanuts or tree nuts in our facility.
Beans are dry. Need soaking.
Palouse Brand products are Non-Irradiated - therefore it is very important to properly store your foods. Irradiation is used to sterilize the food and help prevent bugs and sprouting of the final products (you can learn more by using Google to search for irradiation). It is important that you store Palouse Brand products in a dark, cool place if you plan on keeping the product for long term storage. Some of our customers store their foods inside their freezers. I have had some of my products for years in my dark cupboards with no problems. Additionally, non-irradiated products are viable for sprouting and planting.
We are not an organic farm, however we've been certified by the Food Alliance as a sustainable farm, are verified Non-GMO by the Non-GMO Project, and certified Kosher Parve.
I don't have a facility....i use wheat products as a consumer not for a business.
I bought a turkey baster... the cheapest one I could find. I suck up the bottom and squirt it out into the grow tray. Keeps nutrients in the system, but out of sight. This also means no net water loss, so you won't need to refill when cleaning
If you let the air pump vibrate against its housing it will be noisy. If you add a tiny bit of padding between the pump and its enclosure, it is silent.
Yes, it's pretty cat-proof. I had that problem with our old tank - had to tape the top on to keep the cats out. They've never been able to get into this one.
You will have a difficult time finding a different air pump small enough to seat in the compartment. I replaced the pumps with better, more powerful ones and run a longer piece of airline to situate it away from the tank. There are many choices, I use Fusion brand, among others. I would avoid "Aquatech" brand (found in Walmarts) and Tetra's Whisper pump gets mixed reviews on the noise level.
What kind of fish? Make sure you are putting fish that can tolerate cold water- not tropical fish sold in most fish stores. Also, make sure that your water doesn't have too many chemicals in it. Sometimes they can die from shock if they're put into water that is very different than the water they are used to. It is recommended to get them used to the new water slowly by floating the bag in the new water, then releasing bits of new water into their bag every 10 minutes or so, then dumping the whole bag in. Also, this tank should only really hold one or two small fish. Some fish are communal and will die of stress from being alone. A beta would be ideal. Good luck!
It is 7.5 inches square at the base, 8 inches deep by 12 inches wide at the top, and the height is 11.75 inches.
We just have one betta in our tank and the plants are doing well.
Yes the tank is a thick acrylic.
I believe this mirror is largely an optical illusion. You will see the reflection, but the fish will not. Google "Total internal reflection". The picture of the turtle on Wikipedia is a simple demonstration of the effect. From this angle, you see the turtle's reflection, but the turtle does not. Google "Total internal reflection" on google images for more diagrams that explain why you would see a reflection that the fish would not. (Actually, he might see his tail, but not his own face. So he may go chasing himself around the wall. However, any four walls of any tank would probably behave exactly the same way.)
I have them too, I see bubbles as good aeration. If you watch the return water dropping from the cylindrical tube, you can see the tiny bubbles drop deep into the water, then float to the surface. If watching the return water in the rays of the sun, you can see hundreds of microscopic bubbles flowing through the water. I don't think it is something to worry about, I think the tube shape makes them appear.
Normally, it will take 7-14 day from Japan to America.
No
Yes, we can! If you can not choose the address of China on Amazon, please email us and let us know the right address. If possible, in English please.
Yes.
Dear Charum san, Thank you for your inquiry. We are afraid we can not put an ice pack or dry ice with item because it is prohibited by aviation law. However even if the chocolate melt on the way, it should be OK if you chill in the fridge for a couple of hours before eating.
Hi,Thank you for question. Yes, we can ship this to China. Thank you.
Yes, ingredients : fresh cream, sugar, whole milk powder, cocoa butter, cocoa mass, liquor, cocoa powder, butter, emulsifier (soy),
NO, it is not shipped in dry ice. If you live in the south do not order, because I received a big melted mess.
no they can not be grow I try they kill the seed somehow
The bag doesn't indicate one way or the other. The seeds aren't the species that are against the law anyway.
It says they are 100% pure shelled hemp seeds that are certified organic, kosher, non-gmo, gluten free and raw. It would be impossible to answer all your questions without being there in person. I personally trust that they are raw as advertised and feel they are a healthy alternative to other things we place into our bodies.
Hemp seeds are a protein. you can add them to all kind of food, smoothies etc... .
They are sterilized, I emailed to find out but I'm not sure how they do it.
Heat can kill the nutrients of seeds however if done carefully this is not the case. In order to retard growth seeds need to be kept at a certain temperature for a certain amount of time but this temperature and time are less than what it takes to kill all proteins and fatty acids. Although it is possible to retain the nutrition while stopping growth, it is a delicate balancing act that must be done properly. \ Morais D de C, Moraes EA, Dantas MI de S et al. Heat Treatment and Thirty-Day Storage Period Do Not Affect the Stability of Omega-3 Fatty Acid in Brown Flaxseed (Linum Usitatissimum) Whole Flour. Food and Nutrition Sciences 2. 4 (Jun 2011): 281-286. 2011.
Heat treated
I made the same observation. There's a huge difference between 0 protein and 11 grams of protein. I wonder why.
I personally just eat them whole out of the bag most of the time but this site has instruction's for dehulling hemp seeds. http://www.ehow.com/how_5942255_shell-hemp-seeds.html#ixzz2qQQ2jE59 This will make them easier to eat or make hemp milk out of them.
no
It fits all the K-cups I buy
The height without the loop is 10". With the loop about 11 1/2".
Approx. 11 1/2 inches tall and 8 1/2 inches in diameter.
The packages say "contains milk" so I would say that this isn't dairy free.
I would use at least two, if not more depending on the amount of water you'll be mixing them with. The flavor is extremely mild and I believe the caffeine content follows suit. Very convenient though even if you do need to use more!
I am not sure on the manufacture date but I do know that the last for a long time. One of my boxes accidentally got packed into the wrong box when packing the house, we found it 6months later and it tasted just as good as when we got it.
The Chinese print on the package is traditional and I wonder whether these are from Hong Kong or Taiwan. People in China read Simplified Chinese.
It's at the bottom right 42 packets:)
Interesting. Which Walmart did you find it for 3.94? Please let me know the address. I need to buy some.
Ordered 4 months ago already gone, sorry
About 40 to 45 bars
I always keep the seeds in the refrigerator and have had no problem with sprouting as long as a year after purchase. I learned the hard way that if seeds are stored in a place that's too warm, it will cause them to fail to sprout even after a few months.
Sure, in the right material--soil would be best, just like a garden. I'm not sure how big they'd get. Todd's has a lot of information available about their products, so you might want to check their website.
The Alfalfa sprouting seeds I purchased from Todd's Seeds says they are certified Organic although it does not say GMO free but I did go to the site and copied a line from that. "We NEVER deal in GMO seeds. All of our seeds are open-pollinated, mostly heirloom chemical free, and tested for pathogens for your safety. Your satisfaction is always guaranteed" I hope this helps you out. If this is your first time at sprouting I can also offer help on that. It can be kind of tricky.
The package does not indicate the seeds are organic. If they were, there would be some indication, so have to assume the answer is no.
I don't know, I have never weighed the grown sprouts. I can tell you a rounded teaspoon sprouts and fills a quart jar pretty full. One pound of seeds makes a lot of sprouts.
Yes you can. I experimented with the measurements over a period of time using one tray at a time. Seed storage : I store mine in a zip lock bag with oxygen absorbers in a cool dark place. I hope this helps.
They are certified organic which meens that legally they can not be GMO. As always though being a consumer we simply trusting that the seller is providing what they say. They sprout well and are verry tasty though. Hope that helps.
Not sure what u are asking the seeds are the best i've bought total germination
Yes, they are pasteurized to protect from possible salmonella.
you need a nutcracker
Just an approximate guess, about 125 per pound.
No they are raw almonds but very good
I don't see anything on the label that indicates the oil is cold pressed.
The jar is brown. But the oil is not. Its just normal coconut oil. White-ish when it is solid and clear when it is not.
That is more of a seller question then a customer question. Should seem simple enough.
Yes it can. I cook with it... Use in coffee...
Plastic
Google: Extra Virgin Organic Coconut Oil. Then go to: What are health benefits of organic extra virgin coconut oil - healthyeating.sfgate.com. You will have to use your own judgment. I do not have any health problems so I am not concerned with some of the issues someone with health issues might have so you will have to make your own choice after weighing all the information. There is also good information @ Tropical Traditions which also sells extra virgin organic coconut oil. I had already ordered Natures's Oil before I found this sight. Again, you'll have to make your own decision based upon your circumstances. I hope this is of help to you.
"A product of Cumberland packing corp, Brooklyn, NY Has dextrose "
Serving size 1 tsp. 0 calories; 0g total fat/saturated fat/trans fat; 0mg sodium; less than .5g total carbs; less than .5g sugars; 0g protien; actual ingredienst are: maltodextrin and monk fruit extract
one packet (.8g) of Monk Fruit In The Raw has less than .8 gram (0% DV) of carbohydrates and less than 3 calories.
Maltodextrin, Monk Fruit Extract
I think this is a personal preference. I like my coffee and tea sweet and I use 3 packets. I don't know anyone else who uses that much sweetner. But I use 3 packets no matter which sweeter I use.
The seed in this product is grown in Ecuador and is specially selected by me personally. With over 30 years of organic production experience, I personally manage our organic farming operations in Ecuador. The organic growing methods we use are the most advanced and cutting edge techniques and materials (all vegan) known in the world. We have an ongoing on-farm research program that is dedicated to continuously discovering new ways to optimize soil fertility and produce the most nutritionally abundant chia seeds in the world. Thank you for asking.
Mixed
They're from Ecuador.
The seed in this product is grown in Ecuador or Bolivia as this is the best climate for Chia to grow. Every harvest is specially selected by me personally. With over 30 years of organic production experience, I personally manage our organic farming operations in Ecuador. The organic growing methods we use are the most advanced and cutting edge techniques and materials (all vegan) known in the world. We have an ongoing on-farm research program that is dedicated to continuously discovering new ways to optimize soil fertility and produce the most nutritionally abundant chia seeds in the world. Thank you for asking.
Didn't say on package. Non GMO-2 certified organic lables-product of Bolivia.
It's a mix. White, black and brown seeds. Hope this will help you.
Yes I sprinkle them on oatmeal and such. Be sure to drink lots of fluids.
There are 40 calories in a serving of 4 pcs.
One bag that weighs 2.35oz
exactly, way to expensive
plastic
We have been using this Nescafe Classic for over 20 years and it's getting hard to find. Yes it is truly Nescafe Classic. Hope this helps.
May 2015 on mine. Not sure it really can go bad tho.
Actually, I never make it a coffee. I add it to hot milk which tastes really good.
It's Nescafe Classic like the picture. I don't know why Nescafe has two products, quite different, with almost the same name; the one Amazon is selling (in the photo) is the more expensive product that tastes a lot better than Classico.
It depends on how you store them, and how much of a perfectionist you are. I vacuum seal them in quart mason jars as soon as I receive them, and store them in a low cool cabinet. They are fine for 6 months.
I would not call it bitter. But I also would not call it particularly good. It has a decent flavor. I was surprised after brewing a few cups at the ratings given to it on Amazon. At best I would call it average.
No, coffee beans releases gases as they age and the valve on the bag let's these gases escape, but does not let air in.
it's one large bag with 5lbs in it....
First you could contact Fresh Roasted Coffee LLC. through Amazon [vendor profile]. From the Source web site: https://www.freshroastedcoffee.com/ This as well as others are listed as "ARTISAN BLEND COFFEE - Every blend we produce has its own particular nuance and character. The staff here at Fresh Roasted Coffee LLC skillfully combines a variety of individual single-origin coffees to create balanced and distinct flavor profiles. " "Try some of our signature artisan blends today!BLACK KNIGHT DARK ROAST - ORGANIC FAIR TRADE " Second, If you wish to contact them directly, below is their information Address: Fresh Roasted Coffee | Roasted 616 South High Street Selinsgrove, PA 17870 Telephone: 570-743-9228 -- Hope this helps.
According to the company, it is a organic, fair trade coffee.
This item is available, and it is best price now.
Yes I have several sizes in mine and even pile the top full. Love it.
Yes, it rotates.
If san francisco bay coffee capsules is same size as Keurig K-cup capsules, it will fit.
Unfortunately I can't be of help here... We have a Hamilton Beach brewer
Just the carousel
Mine have never popped out. Are the cups the normal size? I did see some on sale that were more rounded on the bottom so that may make a difference
It is not tea... I have only used it for smoothies and milkshakes, in which it works great for both. I suppose you could brew some black tea and mix some of this in it. The ingredients list on the back of my package: Taro Flavor Powder, Granulated sugar, Glucose, Non-dairy creamer. It is pretty sweet, I didn't need to add any sugar (wish I could take some out ;p).
There's no tea in it
Yes you can
Was not that impressed with it. But in this case, my recommendation is probably invalid as we usually use frozen taro w/ice instead of powder and add our own organic milk. Spoiled on true taste. Also, this product has less flavor than if you go to a Tea store and purchase a drink. You follow the directions on the package but I added 3 times the amount to get that true taro taste. Hope this answers your question.
They should have back picture for more info Ingredien Taro Flavor Powder (Taro flavor, taro flavor base, FD&C Red No.40, Blue No.1) Granulated sugar, Glucose. Non-dairy creamer Expiration:2 years Made in Taiwan Hope it help.&#128526;
Ingredients: Montmorency red tart cherries, sugar, sunflower oil (&lt;1%)
there is sugar added, unfortunately...
yes, because these are sour cherries originally.
The cherries need not be refrigerated - though I would recommend keeping them in the dark. I keep the extra bags in the freezer. I checked the bags but did not see any indication of shelf life on the packaging (if you are considering long term storage without refrigeration/freezing).
Yes, small amount, as well as vegetable oil.
It's not listed on the bag. Based on two other brands I've purchased, one had 24g sugars, 160 calories for a 44g serving, and another had 30g sugars, 130 calories for a 40g serving. So I figure this one is in a similar range, but maybe the company can provide the answer.
No -. They are very tart - not sweet.
It says it under ingredients.
Yes!
The formula is for babies who are breastfeeding as well as supplementing with formula. It is not for the mother.
I called Abbott Labs to ask about this.. I was told that Similac for Supplementation is fine to feed a baby who's not being breastfeed.. It offers complete nutrition.
One month after you open it.
One month.
Its actually 9 grams per scoop for 2 oz of water, and there are 658 grams in the container. So about 146 oz of formula per container.
This saffron is wonderful. I use it often and find it to be of the highest quality.
The package states it was packed in 2012 and is good through the end of 2015.
Yes - we buy it often for our restaurant. We use the tins for all kinds of things.
Hey Cathy, The container it comes in is pretty robust. I have kept the same container for storing and the saffron is still the same quality from my first buy 2 years ago. So its pretty good to store too.
I bought it as a gift and never looked. However, my research on saffron kept in an airtight tin is that it is good close to forever. :-) Hope this helps.
From East West good till 2018
28 grams in of 1 Oz tin, 0.3 grams is wrong.
I ordered back in Nov 2014, the packing date definitely was 2014. Also, the quality was really poor compared to other saffron I have at home (Mehr Saffron) and I ended up returning this one. I really had high hopes for The Gathering :(
Store the saffron carefully, keep it from heat, light and air and it can last for years. Thimbles of saffron sealed with bees wax were traditional parts of dowries and sometimes passed through generations retaining good quality. The tin the stuff comes in is fairly helpful. I also place the inner package in a tightly sealed baggie and, then, wrap the tin tightly with food wrap. Take these measures and it'll last as long as you do!
Yes, this product is Non-GMO and is certified Organic. It can be found in your local COSTCO in a larger bottle and cheaper price. Hope this helps. Cheers...
I don't see why not, as it is heat stable at high temps. And it doesn't have a strong flavor. However I personally use it for frying and sauting and prefer baking with butter, coconut oil, or Palm oil.
I suppose it depends on what you're treating, but I will say that it is a great moisturizer. I rub it into my cuticles or dry patches of skin and it works great. Slightly oily at first, but absorbs nicely. No odor.
Mexico
Glass...a quality product. and remember that in Avocado Oils, this is truly 100% pure --- the Virgin variety is not 100% pure. can you believe?? I am not a shill but surprisingly happy camper with this on my high temp 6 burner grill.
In the FAQ'S on their site, it does not specifically say, "Hexane free," but does say something to the effect that no chemicals are used in the process. I'm sort of dubious when something smacks of double speak. It says to me, if you want a direct yes or no answer, you're gonna have to make a phone call or two to get it. I use it, and I do like it very much. If anyone is 100% sure, it would be great to know. Sorry, couldn't help.
I looked at several sources online and it comes from the flesh of the fruit. The seed has very little oil in it.
naturally refined and expeller-pressed
this is just a refill pack... no mold comes with it... as for size... point to point is 3" and 1 1/4" thick...
how many product?
Yes, it is.
It is non-gmo, but not organic. We have discussed offering an organic version down the road depending on desire for it.
You can check their website at www.mehlsflour.com. I am not gluten intolerant but love baking with this flour. Pizza crusts & chocolate chip cookies are my favorite recipes, find them on their website also!
There is a recipe on the back of the bag for making white bread. Do NOT use in a bread machine unless you want to clean up dough on, in, and around the machine.
Ingredients are listed on the package under the nutrition facts.
I am not sure about sugar cookies, but I can tell you my biscotti come out EXACTLY the same way as when I bake them with regular flour. I would not hesitate to use it for any gluten-free baking.
Go to their website they have recipes
Citric acid occurs naturally in such fruits as limes, pineapples and gooseberries. The dry, powdered citric acid used as an industrial food additive since the early 19th century, however has a less appetizing source; it is manufactured using a mould that feeds on corn syrup glucose.
The packaging does not mention any anti-caking agent. It says 100% crystals, so I do not believe it is anything by Citric Acid.
Sometimes you just have to trust the company if they say it is non-GMO. It is their reputation at stake. You could call them just to verify it is non-GMO also.
I have not tried either. I would think it would work as it is essentially the same thing as fruit fresh (used for canning). I squirt lime juice on avocado for that purpose.
Strained it looks like if the tomatoes went thru a food mill, more dense that the sauce.Tomato sauce look like tomato juice but a little more thick.
The expiration date is late 2015. Very pleased with quality of product!
Just tomatoes; that's all that's listed on the carton. (No citric acid, no salt, just pure tomato sauce- it's perfect!)
June 2015 for this kind.
This is not a paste but a sauce. The skins are removed either by heat or by chemicals. After that they are strained, crushed or purreed then cooked and canned.
No
Yes, the box says it contains: "Made of: Sugar, Gum Base, Corn Syrup, Less than 2% of: citric acid, glycerol, soy lecithin, natural and unnatural flavors, acesulfame k, colors (red 40, yellow 6, blue 1, yellow 5, red 40 lake), aspartame, BHT (to maintain freshness). Phenylketonurics: contains phenylalanine. Hope this helps answer your question.
I never would have guessed because the first ingredient listed is sugar, but yes - last ingredient listed is aspartame.
It has sugar
Hello Kate Thank you for your question. Yes, the seeds come from a certified organic farm right here in the United States and as such, they are GMO free. I hope this is helpful. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance. Thank you Sprout Lady Rita
This is wheat. If you let it grow unchecked then you'll have a wheat field outside your door. Not necessarily a bad thing but it may not be what you wanted. Look at ornamental grasses at your local garden center instead for something better suited to your needs.
No it came in a clear heavier weight plastic bag and an inner clear plastic zip loc bag. Hope this helps. Randi
Hello Thank you for your question. Somewhere between 1.5 cups and 2 cups. You may want to experiment a little. Some people prefer a thicker growth and some people prefer a little thinner.
Although I have not used them for soup, I do believe if you soak them for a few hours then add them to the soup they should tender up enough. I cannot guarantee that they will serve well in a soup, I use mine to grow wheat grass to grind into juice. Let us know what and how it all turns out!
Yes. The young grass does not do well on human digestion. However, 2 oz of the juice will make a great health benefit.
Hard winter wheat seed (also called wheatberries) and wheat grass seed are the same seed, just harvested at the farm a different time of the year.
I have a different sprouter but never had an issue sprouting wheat. No soil is needed - the grass grows to about 3 inches in 7 days. I grow it for my guinea pig. I haven't grown it taller than that so I am not sure if at some point soil would be needed to get it a size where you can use it for e.g. Juicing.
This is a sweet grass.
The order is 3 bags. 10 oz each.
30 plus
No
There are three bags total.
There is only one bag per order. I ordered three bags but they do not keep very well. I would recommend only ordering what you need at and are going to use quickly.
Butter (sweet cream, salt, annatto color) and nonfat milk solids. Mix: 1 to 1 Tastes pretty good, too.
I have not tried it with eggs. But you really need to work with it to find the right mix for your taste. Like I told the other lady li is a lot like store bought spray butter. You can mix it thick or thin. On popcorn sprayed or dried again to your taste. Experiment!
Just about everything! There's no real instructions so I mix it to my own taste. If you have ever used spray butter from the grocery this has a better taste at least I think so. I use it in cooking toast. Vegis and popcorn. Biscuits and like I said everything! You have to work with it and enjoy!
According to the information on the jar it is 100 cal. per tablespoon.
I would imagine that it could be mixed into any liquid...like pancake batter or the cereals you mentioned. It dissolves quite well in a little water. I'd even sprinkle it on cooked veggies.
water
Hello. My experience with items like dried foods is that they can last quite a long time as these foods can be used for emergencies & hiking & the like. They also have to withstand long travels depending on the situation. I tend to freeze everything for longer lasting results. Lol!!! I know, it's funny. But it works. I've ordered the veggies, bell peppers & the celery. I grind what I want to fill my jars I have for them & the rest, I freeze until I need to use again. I don't grind all at the same time as I may want to reconstitute & use original size. Freezing prolongs the shelf life on my experience. Either in the jars they come in or squeezing freezer bags air tight to store in freezer. Always taste the same. I kept celery for well over 7 or 8 months ( maybe more ) & it used & tasted the same. Did the same for the bell peppers except I use them far more frequently. Hungry man around who loves hearty robust flavors. These veggies have a lot of health benefits. I personally use them for those reasons & they flavor everything marvelously. I don't even like bell peppers nor celery but I use them this way to get into my diet. The flavor works & I've always lived the flavors of the two but I don't like to eat then as they are. The flavor's there & I don't have to chew them. Also, the veggies I've used don't always have expiration dates. Depends on the maker. However, this dry butter doesn't go in the freezer although I'm sure it could. Seems to be a product that can hold up well outside freezer. Just store in dry cool place to avoid moisture & u should be good. The expiration date is 9-30-15. I'm sure u can still use it well after that. It needs no refrigeration. The suggested usage is 1:1. We can tweak our recipes though. That 1:1 just serves as a gauge to what the maker says is best. Enjoy-------
I looked on the container and there is nothing saying that it is organic.
I purchased july 2014, has best by 6/25/2015 date. YES!
No, it won't work like that.
There are zero calories. I'm looking at a can right now. It says: Calories 0 Total Fat 0g Sodium 0mg Total Carb 1g Sugars 0g Protein 0g Hope that helps!
No
There is none it has a Splenda like taste
The label reads: Pure triple filtered water, citric acid, natural flavors with extract of California citrus, acesulfame potassium, quinine, sucralose. Gluten free. Hope that helps.
Hi Veronique, Our Matcha powder is from China. We did a significant amount of research beforehand and we found a couple things about Matcha and Matcha drinkers. 1) Is that the price of ceremonial grade Matcha makes every day consumption very expensive and thus prohibitive 2) The radiation in Japan is still a real concern, especially for teas that are consumed through ingesting the whole leaf, of which Matcha is made. We visited and received samples from dozens of farms in China, had them tested for purity and chose the one with the best results. Our goal was to offer a culinary grade Matcha that can be used everyday, is high in antioxidants and will not drain your monthly budget. :) We hope you will try us out for yourself. Thanks again for your interest and if you need anything else, please feel free to contact us via Amazon or through our website's contact form anytime. Best Regards, Anthony KissMeOrganics.com
If you used a 1/2 teaspoon each day = 48 days, 1 teaspoon = 24 days. You should get a recipe book with your order, but here is how you would make it: Ingredients 1 tsp. Matcha powder cup almond milk (or soy or cow or goat milk) cup boiling water 1 tsp. agave syrup Instructions 1. Place matcha in the bottom of a coffee mug or other heat-proof cup. 2. Bring almond milk to a simmer in a small pot. 3. Whisk boiling water slowly with the matcha powder in the mug, then pour in almond milk. Tip the cup to up the foam factor. 4. Sweeten with agave syrup if desired.
Hi Lolabelle, Our facility and product undergoes annual checking in order to maintain Organic Standards. This include checking for any metal components that might have been transmitted through water absorption from the soil, or air. All plants have the tendency to acquire lead because it can be absorbed from soil or air. By doing lab tests regularly, we are able to monitor and keep it at a minimum level, so low to cause a concern. And yes we do have a lab test result for that, which we cannot attach here for there is no option to do so. You may send us an email directly and we'll have it sent to you. Stay positive! Ashley @kissmeorganics Our farm is located in the mountainous coastal province of Fujian.
There is approximately 30 to 35mg of caffeine per 1 teaspoon (recommended serving per 8fl. oz. of water) of Matcha. This is about 70% less amount than that of coffee. Difference is, Matcha green tea has 2 other types of stimulants: theobromine and theophylline which has the same effect as with caffeine, and the effect of these 3 is balanced by L-Theanine - the calming of nervous system and increasing of concentration. In short, you have less caffeine but with better effect on concentration and energy. Hope that helps. Please do reach out should you have further inquiries. Warmest regards, Ashley Evans KissMeOrganics
We've started Kiss Me Organics back in mid 2011, and Japan's nuclear disaster happened in March 2011. Nuclear concern was quite "hot" then and we never wanted to take risk, that's why after so many research made, the closest-to-best we found was from China. And now that the nuclear issue had been addressed (thanks to the efficiency of the Japanese people), we decided to scour for the best possible source in Japan, the home of Matcha green tea. And we found it in the province of Shizuoka. All necessary tests are being done annually to ensure safety and meet the standards of USDA. I hope this helps answer your question. Should you have further inquiries, you may send an email to ashley@kissmeorganics.com. We will do our best to get back to you as soon as possible. Have a positive and fabulous day! Best, Ashley Evans KissMeOrganics
Hi Michaux, Our facility and product undergoes annual checking in order to maintain Organic Standards. This include checking for any metal components that might have been transmitted through water absorption from the soil, or air. All plants have the tendency to acquire lead because it can be absorbed from soil or air. By doing lab tests regularly, we are able to monitor and keep it at a minimum level, so low to cause a concern. As for China's reputed air pollution, our farm is situated in a small town far from the busy city. Air pollution posts a very low risk in that region. I hope this help. All the best, Ashley @kissmeorganics
Our Matcha powder is from China and it is not shade-grown. We sent these samples to a lab in Colorado to have them tested. Most brands won't do the testing because it's expensive - but it's important to us. We chose the farm that had the purest (and nutritionally most potent) green tea we could find anywhere. It just so happened to be from a farm in China. The locals have a long and storied tradition of cultivating high quality tea plants. They take a lot of pride in their plantation and meticulously care for each plant. There are some concerns with radiation from Japanese products right now. Since the devastating tsunami in 2004 damaged nuclear reactors in Japan, large portions of their green tea crops have been quarantined, destroyed, or ordered not to be harvested by the Japanese government. It's a tragic situation that has affected the supply of matcha and other teas all over the world. Thanks again for your interest and if you need anything else, please feel free to contact us via Amazon or through jessica@kissmeorganics.com Jessica Patterson Customer Love Specialist KissMeOrganics.com
Thanks so much GW for posting this. Although we have already posted this a few times before on our reviews section and in response to some of the questions posted here, we are re-posting this for everyone's convenience. The home of our Organic Matcha - both Culinary and Ceremonial - is now located in Shizuoka, Japan, within a tea region recognized by the United Nations as a Globally Important Agricultural Heritage System. Harvested from a family-run tea farm in operation since 1915. Our farm has been certified organic since 2000, synthetic chemical free since 1994, and reduced chemical usage since 1975. Now you can enjoy great quality Matcha from the place it all began - Japan. Thanks again for posting. Unfortunately, there is no way to attach a file here. Once we've created a link to access our Radiation Test, Metal Test, and Organic Certification, we'll once again post them here. But please do email ashley@kissmeorganics.com if you have further concerns. Best, Ashley Evans KissMeOrganics
Hello Sonyahg, Our Organic Matcha is made of 100% green tea. No by-products are used to powderize the leaves. The answer to your questions is a definite yes, dairy-free and soy-free, carbo- and cholesterol-free. If you have other inquiries, feel free to send them to us and we'll give you the best answer available. Have a good one! Ashley @kissmeorganics
I followed the directions and used perhaps a flat 1/4 teaspoon for a small cup. After stirring, there was no appreciable residue, so I doubt if there were any fillers.
i have been using mine for a couple months... they are little stained but stilll very usuable.
Only if I've put something in there that's too liquidy but with something nice and thick like yogurt, applesauce or sweet potato pure I've never had a problem. Also don't overfill too much. I would definitely recommend these, they are a good price and they wash easily.
I always soak them in warm soap water before I scrub. I do not have any issues with smell
I place mine upside down on a baby bottle drying rack.
These don't stand up on their own, the zip closure is in the base.
I just used a Pyrex to measure, and it can hold 6oz and still be easily closed. You might be able to get 7 oz in there, but it may be harder to close it depending on how liquidy your item is; I've stuffed it full with 7oz of thicker food and I was able to close it, but just barely, so I'd say 6oz is a good average. 6oz also works for freezing them, since you'd want to leave extra space.
yes
As far as I know, this product originated in the US.
Chunky purses work well!
I just try it on my Infantino Squeeze Station and it fits very well.
I THINK Dec 2016.
Yes.. even Food Babe drinks these. (She's a full - time foods activist)
I believe it was about 10x14 inches. I gave it to my daughter as a gift.
Not sure what you are asking.
Tea is in little filtre pouches.
Chamomile Lemon, Moroccan Mint, and Rooibos
Hi John. Our Ceylon Cinnamon has not been irradiated. No chemicals have been used in the growing and harvesting process. It is pure, premium, food grade. And, our cinnamon is only freshly ground in very small batches for freshness and flavor.
I store mine in the original bag away from heat and cold (cupboard works for me). there may be another method, I'm no expert but I figure you treat it the same as any other quality herb or spice. As long as it is kept dry & at normal room temp, should be okay. Hope this helps. I still love this wonderful spice same as the first time I tasted it!
I use the Ceylon because they say it's better than the Saigon cinnamon. I found that it tastes better.
The Saigon cinnamon definitely has a much stronger smell and taste. After educating myself more closely on the various types of cinnamon before purchasing, this is what I found. "What true cinnamon and cassia (Saigon/Chinese cinnamon) do not have in common is their coumarin content. Coumarins are naturally occurring plant components that can be quite toxic in large amounts. These toxicities tend to affect the liver and nervous system most directly. While the level of naturally occurring coumarins in Ceylon cinnamon appears to be very small and lower than the amount that could cause health risks, the level of naturally occurring coumarins in the cassia cinnamons appears to be higher and may pose a risk to some individuals if consumed in substantial amounts on a regular basis. For this reason, organizations like the Federal Institute for Risk Assessment in Berlin, Germany have recommended that large amounts of the cassia cinnamons be avoided." Just google and read for yourself...then make your choices. I prefer the Ceylon for its smooth taste and for the less toxicity:) Good luck...
No, but their turmeric is. I have had both and honestly would never buy another cinnamon again. IT IS THE BEST!:)
Earth Pure Ceylon Cinnamon is from Sri Lanka.
On their website, it lists the ingredients as organic white corn, expeller pressed canola, and/or sunflower, and/or safflower oils. It does not list the oils as being organic. Too bad they use unhealthy oils. I almost put it on subscribe & save.
Wow!! Good point!!!!
I've had a bag open but sealed with a clip for about 3 weeks now, had a chip last night. Not as crisp as when I opened the bag, but still fine. As far as the printed expiration date I have no clue, hopefully awhile as I have 6 bags of it.
yes they work great
no need for paper filter and worked with cocoa too. not sure with teas and cider mixes or cappuccino.
No.
If it uses the same units as Keurig.
sorry but I don't know. My Keurig is just a cheap model so it probably will.
It is best to hand wash them
Yes. These work with anything that takes a k cup. It is so much nicer than the one made by keurig
No. They stand up too tall to be able to close it. I suggest to either buy the ones made for Keureg or get the k cup filters.
If the B155 model (I could not find it on the Keurig site) uses k-cups, then these are compatible. They will not work in the Keurig Vue.
Depends on what you consider 'sugar'. The sugar listing on the label or how much will end up being turned to blood sugar. Its a 35g bar, 25g of which is carbohydrate. With 3g of the 25g being fiber, about 22g will turn into blood sugar pretty quickly.
150
As far as I can tell Oats & Honey with Toasted Coconut does not have dairy. But if its a real issue for you, I recommend you do your own research and not take some amateur's opinion (like me). The list of ingredients looks pretty straightforward and nothing that I see looks like it started out in a cow, but ......
Yes, because all the grains and fruit pieces are small.
individually wrapped. I dont remember how many came in a box but 15 in a box sounds about right, I recieved 3 boxes
This is directly from Activz website: All products in the Activz line are non-GMO. Forty percent of our line is certified USDA organic, and of the remaining 60%, many contain organic ingredients (listed on the front of select products and on nutrition/supplement facts panels). However, we source even our non-organic ingredients from suppliers that avoid using harmful pesticides.
It has 3 carbs per scoop. The scoop is one tablespoon. It can be used in anything. It mixes well too. Hope this helps.
The label says Ingredients: Organic whole pumpkin powder
This is not flour it is a powder to be perhaps added to flour it is not pumpkin flower......
I have added it in powder form to a chai tea recipe and then brewed the tea. It took a little extra stirring but gave the tea a good flavor.
I don't think it would be a good flour replacement. I use it in smoothies or desserts. It's not a grain.
USA........Utah
I believe that the expiration date is one year. I haven't tried to re-constitute the powder but I have tried adding it to puree and it enhances the flavor.
Canned pumpkin can sometimes have metallic aftertaste. However if you cook it before adding to your recipe it improves the flavor . Check out America's Test Kitchen online to get specific direction. Making fresh cooked pumpkin is not difficult, you just bake slices of pumpkin.
First to my knowledge you give your dog can pumpkin.....there is a scoop in the product one scoop in dog's food should be sufficient.....but I am not a Dog's Dr........
Mostly. As I was taking the shell off some still had the vein or part of it. I'd say about 1/3 of the 2 lb bag still had some or all of the vein.
Checked a bag, yes it does unfortunately....Sodiun Tripolyphospate, if that's one in the same. (To retain moisture/label)
They are farm raised in Indonesia.Very nice sized shrimp and especially for the price of 2 lbs.You would be hard pressed to find shrimp that isn't imported.The products in my local stores are imported.Doubt shrimp from the Gulf is any more safe since the spill.Poison...Really?????
I have used them with my Keurig about 4-5 times using both coffee and loose tea and I have had no problems thus far.
Go to the brew and save website they list the models that they will work in
NO they will NOT work in ANY 2.0 system. If your still looking to buy a Keurig, I would go with the "Silver" or Platinum" edition. Since Keurig cornered the market on the "Cups" (Which I feel is against the "Monopolization Law" of free trade, I can't find any Cappuchino cups.)
a total of eight....and they work very well and are extremely convenient. However, rinse them while they are still warm and cleaning is easy. Let the sit awhile and they are very hard to clean.
there's no need to.
yes
I have the K75, but as long as the Vue uses the same K-cups to brew then these would work for that machine.
You do not need an additional filter for this product. You spoon the coffee directly into the K-cup (I use 2 Tbsp) and brew.
Yep
Hi Anne, to be honest with you I really don't know? I am using thes K cups with great success on my Keurig K45!
The 16oz is $29.99
It's definitely not tongue, the texture of tongue is unique. It doesn't look like the picture, the bag I got was shredded beef.
Yes the product does expire. It has a sticker on the bag with a "best by" date. The bag I purchased had a best buy date that was more than a year away.
No I would not. I love chipped beef and I would not use this. This stuff is HORRIBLE!
Looking again at their website they seem to have grass fed which is labeled grass fed and some that is not so I would make sure it is labeled grass fed...
From the picture it looks like it is just two ounces! Buyer beware deal...?
The picture shows that "2 ounces" is checked on the package.
You will have to e-mail the seller individually since the product they sell can have different expiration dates.
When I ordered in September 2013, the expiry date was April 2014.
These expire July 2015
YEs, neocate is GMO free.
not expired&#65292;still have one year left
without
No
The expiration date should be minimum 1 year from the day you purchase the product!
I think is Feb 2015.
Liverpool
Call 1-855-879-7852, same thing happened to me and a few others I know. They " forgot to fulfil the order"
Yes! They are packed in an insulated box with ice packs. So when you get them they are still cold and you just have to put them directly into the refrigerator.
The juice is actually transubstantiated from the fruit by yogis. No machine or physical process is used to render it into liquid, ensuring that you get not only all the nutrients but the SOULS of all the nutrients. I hope this helps you!
There is a range but to give you an idea, the "Green Supreme" is 21g of sugar for 8 oz. I would recommend asking your local whole foods for an alternative option. There are lots of great brands like daily greens, evolution fresh or vim + vigor that do more nutrient dense juices.
Regular I believe. It's called Fresh Start. I love all fruits and vegetables and these drinks smell and taste like I am drinking compost juice. I even tried plugging my nose and I still couldn't choke it down. The most tolerable is the "dessert" drink. Although I don't enjoy it by any means, I am at least able to drink it without gagging.
They guarantee that each bottle will be good for at least 5 more days after the juice is delivered to you. Beyond that, it varies by each bottle.
I felt very tired and had headaches for 3 days..but maybe its diffrent for you.
Yes
They are not frozen. They come fresh ready to drink.
refrigerator!
Hi After frosting the cake, buttercream frosting works best, simply peel of the edible image and place it on the cake. It is very important that you get the placement correct the 1st time as you can not move the image once placed. The image will meld into the frosting. If the image is being stubborn to peel off, place it in the freezer for about 30 seconds and then roll it across the edge of a table to loosen it up. Thanks Bob @Whimsical Practicality
You can put it on chocolate. The colors may not appear as bright but it is not see through.
It comes as a sheet and I just cut around the image to make it fit.
Hi, I dont recommend this item. It didnt work for me. :(
Not sure...I didn't get to use it. Sorry!!!
Idk..doenst say..but..theyre awesomeee seeds..they all sprout.and fasttt too. Ive gotten a few dif seeds from there and the quality cannot be beat!! No bacteria at all w this brand..veryyy pleased w everything I ordered from them...will def order again. Hope this helps :)
Honestly, I think you would be much better off watching an instructional video on Youtube. That way you can see what the sprouts should look like. Here is a link to a 5 minute one but there are many more. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL0URJcZF8w Just watch a few and you will be ready for success.
You'll have plenty in one purchase for that. I do 8" rounds for people and chickens and still have half a bag after several uses. The seed and roots spread out quite a bit, I use a heaping table spoon for the 8"round and by the time the sprouts are four inches tall the roots are an inch high in the container and everything is so green, you'll wish your lawn looked that good.
It says chemical free, and in the description it hints at being organic (see #4). But that's not a guarantee. Isuggest contacting the seller to double check.
Wheatgrass tastes really fresh..somewhat sweet. I am not a fan of wheatgrass juice..in fact I really don't like it at all lol...I drink it for nutritional purposes only. But when u grow it fresh and juice it it really is wayy better tasting. Hope this helps you ;)
Golden brown
I used it to grow wheatgrass for juicing where I drank the juice and composted the fibrous part so am not sure how fibrous it would be to eat. I've never heard of putting wheatgrass on a sandwich... Are you thinking of alfalfa sprouts maybe? That's what restaurants usually put on sandwiches and salads.
This is a Hard Red Winter Wheat (the best).
Doubt it. There are items on the Todd's Seeds website that are described as "certified organic" when you look at the detailed description, but the wheatgrass product does not have this.
The green can is best for gut healing, but both are good for skin, hair, nail, & gut healing. I use the green one in tea because it dissolves easily. I live in the Pacific NW, so I don't use the gelatin one too much in the winter. I use it a lot when the weather gets warmer.
For me it does not but I do not have chrons. My husband has a history of IBS and this does not bother his stomach. If anything, it helps heal the gut lining.
If you put your cursor on the pictures, they will enlarge, and you will see that the green one says "Bovine" and the red one says "Beef". Both mean "cow", of course. The "Porcine" one (pig) is in an orange can.
I bought it because a wonderful book I have about digestive health said it was from grass fed animals. However, I checked the container and it does not say this anywhere on the can. It is the only gelatin that our health food store carries, so I assume it is the most natural around. Their website does not say "grass fed" either. Just looked.
I only add gelatin to my preserved figs to make them firmer. I also add gelatin to my homemade yogurt to firm it up. I normally use certo for jellies only because I hadn't thought to try the Gelatin. duh! WHY NOT TRY IT!! Not sure of the ratio, though.
You can do the green one once a day (the red is for making jello). There is a great recipe for a morning shake from Wellness Mama at: http://wellnessmama.com/22487/superfood-vanilla-latte/
Yes. And it turns out GREAT!
Red is for adding to make solids like Jello. Green dissolves into liquids/drinks & smoothies/soups & morning hot oatmeal. I use Green Collagen everyday!! - Pure Protein, amino acids & Kosher. Collagen is fabulous for repairing tissue in body!! Great web site - Great lakes Gelatin!!
Yes. I just paid $4 a box at the grocery store
I have no idea but it is the best gluten free pasta I have had since I was diagnosed with celiac disease in 2003. Just don't cook more than 7 minutes or it's mushy.
I don't have any Barilla products here at the moment, but here is a link to a website that has nutritional info on every Barilla product. http://www.caloriecount.com/barilla-nutrition-m1408
no just corn and rice and it tastes awesome!
Yes to both. =)
The ingredients list reads simply: Corn flour, rice flour, mono and diglycerides. As a side note, I've tried several different gluten free pastas & can say hands down that Barilla is the best! Their claim of "classic taste & texture" is absolutely true!
I googled it and found the answer to be yes...no have found that products out of Italy are usually non GMO
Mine say 'best if used by Dec 2016'.
The internet says, "Mono- and Diglycerides are common food additives used to blend together certain ingredients, such as oil and water, which would not otherwise blend well. "
Just in the box.
No soy is noted. Nothing is mentioned on the packaging about steps to prevent cross-contamination for any ingredients such as wheat. If Barilla does manufacture something with soy (I don't know if they do or not), then that is a consideration. You may just want to contact the company. Imho, if they don't mention cross-contamination then there aren't precautions taken.
I haven't found any of that. You should write them directly at their site.
Actually, pasta has a pretty long shelf life. I purchase this gluten free pasta on auto ship and you need to buy a dozen. My last purchase was over two months ago and the sell by date on these is November 2015. Hope this helps.
"Corn flour, rice flour, mono and diglycerides. No wheat ingredients. Produced in a dedicated gluten free facility."
No potato starch listed. Corn and Rice flour are listed
I called Barilla to ask if the corn was GMO and they not only assured me that ALL of their products are GMO free, but they even emailed me that information in writing!! I am VERY impressed by this and encouraged them to label this fact on their products as most consumers try to avoid GMOs.
corn flour, rice flour, mono and diglycerides....produced in a dedicated gluten free facility
It's just gluten free, not vegetarian. There is no indication as to the source of the fats used to make the product. However, if the product were also vegetarian it would likely be noted as such.
Barilla makes this and other GF pastas with corn and rice. While it has a yellowish/orange color, more than likely from the use of yellow corn and egg yoke, the regular wheat pasta gets the color from egg yokes alone not from the semolina. I would say purchase a single box, which costs less than $3.00, to see what you think but I think you will be happy with the taste, texture and color. Good luck to you.
Yes it is soy free. Ingredients are corn flour, rice flour,mono & diglycerides. I also feel that this is the absolute best tasting GF pasta offered:-)
Not sure. I have kept unopened bottles about 2 months and they were fine.
...have never made a Margarita with the cactus syrup...would guess that you'd use 1/2 to 1 oz per Margarita...I infuse a 750 ml bottle of tequila with 1 fresh pineapple cut into 1" chunks, 2 Serrano peppers (split stem to tip and left whole) and 4-5 sprigs fresh Tarragon, for not much more than 3 days (longer & the pepper takes over)...then add 3-1/2 oz cactus syrup and strain the infused tequila through cheesecloth to fill the original bottle...(will be about 5 oz left over to use as you like)...then mix the sweetened infused tequila 1:1 with pineapple juice...I garnish with a Luxardo or Tillen cherry and call it a Cactus Wren...(the original infusion recipe was named as a Lark Creek Inn Infusion)...the drink is sort of like a Margarita...make a lot of 375 ml versions to give as gifts to friends and favorite bartenders...
Each bottle is 23 oz. and it it delicious in a margarita!
No, I don't like corn syrup either and it contains cane sugar instead. It is a very good product and makes great margaritas!
The labeling on the container shows that it is USDA Organic. Which by law it has to be non-hydrogenated in order to have the label. It is also certified gluten free by GFCO. Non GMO, free of pesticides,bleach,hexane even the container is BPA free. Also it is a product of the Philippines.
An interesting answer can be found at : http://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-7857/why-you-should-start-oil-pulling-today.html
Yes. I have natural 4C African American hair and I think this is personally a great product to have in my arsenal. When you are transitioning through those stages it can be really hard to keep your hair moisturized but I use it daily, and extra on wash day. I also add it to my homemade hair masks that I like to do a couple times a week.
Yes! It says it right on label -- just leave it on for a bit then rinse out
It's a smooth solid, but then at warmer temperatures it will melt. For example: it melts in my hand when I am applying it to my hair or body.
Hi Main Line Mama, Oil pulling is an ancient practice in Ayurvedic medicine, shown to naturally accelerate the body's detoxification process. Place 1 tablespoon of coconut oil in the mouth and swish for 20 minutes. Swishing activates enzymes and the enzymes draw toxins out of the blood. It is recommended to complete this process on an empty stomach, best in the morning. After 20 minutes, spit out the end product in the trash can and brush your teeth following this step. This will rev up your metabolism for the day and promote healthier gums and teeth due to the health-promoting saturated fatty acids found in coconut oil. Keep in mind that refined coconut oil, derived from dried coconut, does not reap the same benefits as unrefined, organic coconut oil. Viva Labs Organic Extra Virgin Coconut Oil is 100% pure, unrefined coconut oil, retaining all of its nutritional properties. Hope this helps answer your question, and if you have any other questions you can reach us by responding to this comment thread or by email at amazon@vivalabs.com. Besa Registered Nutritionist Viva Labs
Hi Cabbyb, Virgin, unrefined coconut oil retains true coconut flavor and aroma that is pleasantly mild, unlike artificial coconut products. We compared several extraction processes and discovered that our cold-pressed technique from freshly picked coconuts ranks highest in taste. Coconut oil is extremely versatile and can be used in a variety of recipes such as, rice, stir-fry, scrambled eggs or as a delicious spread. Hope this helps answer your question, and if you have any other questions you can reach us by responding to this comment thread or by email at amazon@vivalabs.com. Besa Registered Nutritionist Viva Labs
I wouldn't microwave the entire amount, its best to let it soften at room temp then divide into smaller portions you can use quickly. Keep refrigerated until you need it.
I would send it back and ask for a new one. It has a strong coconut smell, it should NOT smell like cheese!
this is in no way a sugar re-placer or sweetener, it is in fact a great re-placer for soybean, vegetable and canola cooking oils. It's an edible oil just like olive oil. It's benefits are very similar, great when dieting.
Per my research this is what I found and by the way I have not had one scoop of sugar after my purchase of Stevia. Stevia Extract 90% pure powder (Which is standardized at 90% total steviol glycosides, with about 40% Rebaudioside-A inside. The other 10% is other substance extracted from stevia leaf). There is not any additive or filler inside.
yes, it is white pure stevia extract powder. 1/2 tsp is equal to 1 cup of sugar
The product photo is questionable (photoshopped?), but the actual product that I've received says, "Stevia Extract 90%," with the correct Stevia breakdowns.
It's plant based and not artificial ingredients so I would say it's safer than the man made stuff. It's all natural and plant based totally.
The label on the package states the concentration to be 90%.
There is no indication on the bag that I can find
The product package does not indicate the country this stevia comes from which is a little strange but we are very pleased with the taste and apparent good quality of this stevia.The bulksupplements.com website might offer the information you seek.
the package doesn't say...only "distributed in USA"...worst stuff ever, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I was very disappointed, and threw the entire bag away.
The rebaudiosides (other ingredients) are also part of the plant. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steviol_glycoside =)
I think the package says 1/32 teaspoon equals 1 teaspoon of sugar and that is probably right, because I use 1/16th of a teaspoon for 20 ounces of coffee. It is very concentrated, so start with little and add to it if you need too. There is no aftertaste unless you use too much.
You can bake with stevia as long as you include something to make up for the bulk sugar adds. A good choice is applesauce. Try a Google search for baking with stevia. There are lots of good ideas. Good luck!
100 grams is 3.53 ounces.
I use a 1/32nd measuring spoon, or a "pinch" measuring spoon and it's the perfect amount whether it's in coffee, tea, or oatmeal. You can buy them here on amazon for a couple bucks.
I have mine in a jar with a screw on lid, try it in your container with a small amount to try
I don't know. I returned this product for a refund because it had a strange, strong metallic taste and was not pure as advertised.
It's difficult to respond to that question since the amount you use would vary depending on what you are sweetening. The package says 1 serving is 40 milligrams and there are 2500 servings per container. It has 3.53 ounces whish is quite a lot!
No fructose of gluten in the product.
The bottle doesn't have a "refrigerate after opening" message on it and does list alcohol as an ingredient to preserve freshness. In my experience it can be left out but the taste will change after being unrefrigerated for extended periods (weeks).
Yes, I just removed the stopper from the smaller bottles, put a funnel in the neck, and then poured from the larger bottle to refill. I store the 64 ounce bottle in a cool dry place.
980 mg in a tablespoon
1 64 oz bottle
Black label = Regular Gluten Free Tamari White label= Reduced Sodium + Gluten Free Tamari Gold label= Organic + Gluten Free Tamari Platinum label = Gold + White = Organic + Reduced Sodium + Gluten Free Tamari
980mg per tablespoon
Beware of the other incorrect answers. This product has no ADDED MSG. However, Glutamates are a natural part of all soy sauces (and many other foods, from tomatoes to steak). That being said Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) or any other Glutamates won't do you any harm unless you go out of your way to eat a nearly-impossible amount of them.
It contains neither wheat or cane syrup.
Yes, these are honey granules.
I had other honey crystals from last August and just used them. The crystals were fine.
hey, i want to add to my answer that i just found info on another site that says it contains wheat and soy...sorry! http://www.hoosierhillfarm.com/Hoosier-Hill-Farm-Premium-Powder/dp/B008T8VTEQ
It is NOT 100% honey. The first ingredient is refinery syrup which is a byproduct of refining cane sugar. The second ingredient on the list is honey which means there's actually more refinery syrup than actual honey in the product.
Taken from the Ancient Organics' Facebook page when asked to explain the country of origin on Amazon: "The listing on amazon as "UAE" is a mistake. Thank you for bringing it to our attention! We are 100% USA made and sourced in Northern CA! We will change the country to USA asap."
No. I totally recommend it. It's delicious!!
Not sure but it's possible you did not use a clean spoon each time you took some out of the jar. It is easy to contaminate the product this way.
Yes. It says "lactose, casein, and gluten free" right on the jar!
Taken from the Ancient Organics' Facebook page when asked to explain the country of origin on Amazon: "The listing on amazon as "UAE" is a mistake. Thank you for bringing it to our attention! We are 100% USA made and sourced in Northern CA! We will change the country to USA asap."
Ancient Organics Ghee is 100% California sourced, produced and owned. They have absolutely no connection to the UAE whatsoever. I have personally visited the Straus creamery and I know they feed their cows grass or grass silage year round.
I've found no problems after opened jars sat on the counter for a year... no change in taste, smell, color or consistency.
Their website says the USDA certified organic farm is in Marin/Sonoma area just north of San Francisco. http://www.ancientorganics.com/about-our-ghee/ Don't know how Emirates figure in this, but knowing how global our food processes are, I would not be surprised to learn it's shipped somewhere else for processing, packaging and distribution.
According to their website, the butter they use is made from cows that are pasture-raised and organic. As far as why the ghee isn't labeled certified organic, I do not know.
The only other ingredient listed is milk cultures. From my understanding, casein must be listed as an added ingredient
I found werthers caramel at Epcot in Orlando bought some but forgot to put it in checked luggage airport security made me throw the bottle away-- I was very upset it cost 7.95 a bottle. I would buy more but have done a search can
I live in Louisiana and have found it in some Walmart stores
I live in Louisiana and have found it in some Walmart stores.
I live in Louisiana and have found it in some Walmart stores.
Yes. I live in Louisiana and have found it in some Walmart stores
ID LIKE TO KNOW TOO! Was $2.98 at Walmart, but now they don't carry it either. SUPER GOOD
It is but I managed to get one on sale at the grocery store for 3.99 and even at that price I felt it was over priced considering it is "just" popcorn and doesn't include any nuts. Poppycock doesn't have that Werther's caramel flavor but considering the premium nuts it contains it is a much better bargain and is equally as tasty.
The package does not state that the product is fortified with any additional vitamins. The only additional information is that the product is Kosher certified. I hope this is helpful.
No. For bread making you would use baker's yeast. This yeast is a dietary supplement that has a "cheese-like" flavor that can be sprinkled onto foods or added to smoothies. I purchased this brand because it comes from molasses instead of sugar beets. Most of the sugar beets are GMO.
Just Nutritional yeast. The difference between "Organic" and "Natural is the Natural yeast they add synthetic vitamins to the yeast especially, Vitamin B12 because it is a little lower in this vitamin. They also grow the yeast on sugar beets which are GMO'd. Starwest grows theirs on molasses. Starwest Botanicals Nutritional Yeast is just yeast. Very good quality.
http://www.starwest-botanicals.com/category/nutritional-yeast-powder-flakes/ But ... seems not everyone who orders this item is receiving the Organic version ...
There is no USDA label. The container says that it is non-GMO and grown from molasses. The ingredients label just says, Primary grown nutritional yeast, niacin, pyridoxine HCL, riboflavin, thiamine HCL, folic acid and vit B12. I purchased this one because it is from molasses as its source and not from sugar beets. I believe the majority of sugar beets today is GMO. There is nutritional yeast powder that is available that is organic but to me, it has a different taste.
most nutritional yeast is fortified with vitamin B12.
I am sorry I am not able to answer your question. The powder came in a plastic bag and I kept the label to secure to a jar. It doesn't state the ingredients. the brand is Starwest Botanicals and is from Germany.
You are correct that it is 227 grams. It may be alittle pricey but it is a very tasty product. The jar does not say where it is made. Maybe there website would.
2 tbsp serving 150 calories, 23%fat, 5%saturated, 0%trans, 0% sodium, 6% potassium, 2% carbohydrate/glucides, 12% dietary fiber, 7g protein, 2%calium, 4%iron It tastes terrible.
No sugar added. It is naturally occurring.
I believe it has honey in it so no, it is not sugar free. My jar is gone otherwise I would look at it.
Thank you for writing... we will update our listings. In the meantime, here are the ingredients: Organic Pepita Sun Seed Butter Ingredients: Organic Pumpkin Seeds, Organic Flax, Organic Sunflower Seeds, Organic Hemp Seeds, Organic Vanilla Powder (Organic Vanilla Bean, Organic Sucrose), Organic Allspice, Organic Cinnamon, Sea Salt. Organic Cinnamon Vanilla Almond Butter Ingredients: Organic California Roasted Almonds, Organic Vanilla Powder (Organic Vanilla Bean, Organic Sucrose), Organic Flax Seed, Organic Hemp Seed, Organic Chia Seed, Organic Cinnamon Kind regards, Jack
This was not a tasty product at all. The cinnamon and other ingredients did not mesh together well at all. Protein content was about 4 grams per tablespoon.
Thank you for writing. Our Pumpkin Seed Butter is 227 grams or 8 ounces. Hope this helps. Kind regards, Jack
Hello Hillary, No added sugar. Only a small amount comes in the Organic Vanilla powder that is used. There is 2g of sugar in 2tbsp. I guess we must get you give it a try. Jack
Hi EM, Sorry but I did not get your message until now. It seems like your question went out to all our customers who have bought this before, but I guess nobody answered you. It did not come to us, so sorry about that. The next time please send us an email and we will respond right away. To answer your question, yes, you must store it in a cool dry place, away from sunlight. And make sure it is either in the resealable bag you received it in, or in an airtight container. It is not required to store it in the fridge or freezer. But you can if you want to. It is just that when you defrost it if stored in the freezer, it may alter the taste a little. However you will extend the shelf life for sure. Hope this helps you. Sincerely, Gillian Owner
If you have to know seriously about this label I recommend contacting the company directly about the 6 g of sugar http://www.purenaturalmiracles.com/terms-and-conditions/ - log in and leave a reply on this page. Or write to them Pure Natural Miracles Attention: label questions 154 Precita Ave, Ste A, San Francisco, CA 94110
There is no added sugar in this product. The sugars are naturally occurring in the product. Many foods have natural occurring sugar. This product does not have a sweet taste. Does yours taste sweet? My purchase has slightly different nutrition facts. I think it's because off the specific harvest. If you would like more information I would contact the company. They are very, very nice.
I've never tried hot chocolate but I do blend it with almond milk, a few nuts and a banana to make a post workout drink, tastes great, just don't use too much powder.
This is what I found on their website: Cacao usually contains about 1% theobromine. Theobromine is an effective anti-bacterial substance and kills streptococci mutans (the primary organism that causes cavities). Theobromine is a chemical relative of caffeine but is not a nervous system stimulant. Theobromine dilates the cardiovascular system making the hearts job easier. This is one of the major reasons why cacao is an important part of a heart healthy diet. I hope this will help; I am always crazy about this product because it is such great product.
The color and flavor are both darker than the other raw powders I've gotten. I really like this one!
This cacao I get is of Extraordinary quality and from Ecuador. From what I can tell, Rapunsel's is from Dominican Republic. The Pure Natural Miracles is 100% Ecuadorian Arriba, the highest quality you can find and I have used it for a long, long time and it is in a class of it's own... it is also Raw, organic cacao or cocoa as some refers to it. The one you asked about here does not seem to be Raw. Hope this helps in your buying decision.
I use this product and am very happy with it. The best I have tried. I looked at their website and have see no reason to be wary of the product. I have tried other brands and taste and texture of the cacao was poor. Hope this helps.
You are right, it would be about 2 to 2.5 tbsp.
I don't know. We'll need to ask the grower. I guess I just assumed it was.
I feed a lot of hummers and use no red food coloring. At first when you put them out make your sugar water extra sweet. After they find it you can cut back on the sugar.
Except for the screw on hook, the feeder is plastic. It was a gift so I do not have any experience with it but I liked it because the clear bottom portion come off so it can be cleaned thoroughly.
No
I'm not aware of a larger feeder, though I'm aware thar Aspects sells some very good hummingbird feeders.
They get it all the way empty. I have 4. Best feeders I have ever tried
Yes it does. It simply unscrews and will come packaged with it off.
No quite small and plastic
The listed ingredients are yucca foam gum Arabic ethyl alcohol, some preservatives, propylene glycol, xanthan gym, bro insted soybean oil and artificial and natural flavors.
5 ounces make 1 liter.
I am not sure, but the flavors are great. I ask, why not? My son did add it to plain water to make juice. Hope my answer helped a bit. Good luck!!
It's just a thick syrupy flavoring so I suppose you could. I'd test it out on a small amount. Can't help thinking there are better ways to flavor a smoothie than these.
The package does not say.
Yes.
It's a 12 pack. Each contains 5 ounces.
That's what I do. I mix it in with a bunch of fruit since I can't stand the taste on it's own. A teaspoon of each is more than enough for me.
Yes Serv Size 2 tsp (4g), Cal 10, Fat 0, Cholest 0mg, Total Carb 2g (1%dv), Fiber 0g, Protein 1g, Sodium 35mg (1%dv), Sugar 0g. Vitamin A 60%dv, Vitamin C 20%dv, Calcium 4%dv, Iron 6%dv. Contains spinach, silicon dioxide (anti-caking agent).
Unfortunately no.... I bought this thinking I could save a few dollars after buying the appethyl however it is not the same.
1 tablespoon
Indiana
The container does not say organic. It does say it's dried spinach leaves. It also has an anti-caking agent. I use it in my smoothies and it does great.
There is no text on the container indicating that it is organic / pesticide free.
It is not on the label but they are very responsive to emails. Visit their site, perhaps it's there, if not email or call them.
Just dried spinach turned to a powder. This is not extract
Yes
About 10 grams net carbs per slice which is 40 calories of net carbs per slice.
No, these are proprietary recipes. Moreover, the quality of the superior ingredients used is what makes it so delicious & healthy not simply the quantity of any off the shelf ingredient. Many hours of R&D goes into specialty foods such as the spelt bread.
Yes, the bread is twist tied in a wrapped bread package.
There is about 10 grams of carbs per slice which include a small amount of pure cane sugar.
About 10 grams net carbs per slice which is 40 calories of net carbs per slice
Not sure what you mean... Spelt flour, water, honey, yeast, sea salt. No fats, dairy, oils, artificial preservatives. I have ordered this over and over again. We love it!
About 65 Calories per slice
Mine reads 3-20-2014, and it taste fine.
Yes
25 per box.
Yes we can. However you can check the shipping cost to Greece when you checkout and also you will need to take care of customs duty /tax for any international shipment going from US to Greece. If you buy from Europe then there is no customs duty and tax.
For these, the expiration date is 5/2020
Yes, I am a distributor for Organo Gold. I believe it to be the real product. The box and packaging are the same. The expiration date was also good. And, yes, the price was good. I don't know how the seller did it, but it sure was helpful to me.
Yes, all of the boxes had a good expiration date. I was very pleased with everything.
just put that in your notes on your order and will make sure you get the only one flavor
It doesn't contain dairy or soy.
I don't think so. It doesn't say they are anywhere on the packages.
Just textured, are very easy to eat and delicious, he loves them
I bought these about 6 months ago, and the expiration (I believe) was October or December 2014.
All of the meals in the variety pack list "Organic Onions". None say powder or garlic
White, medium fine beet sugar
No, you need to buy the absinthe spoons separately.
Each individual green wrapper has two sugar cubes inside, weighing about 2.5 grams each. As sugar has about 387 kcal (kilocalories) per 100 grams, each cube would correspond to about 10 kcal. In the US, food labels indicate "Calories", which correspond to kilocalories. So final answer: each individual sugar cube has about 10 "calories".
No, that is the only issue that I can see with this. Being that they are flowers, you don't want them to sit outside for an exorbitant amount of time and being able to plan prior to purchasing would be ideal.
I didn't see that option when I purchased it.
Perhaps Friday afternoon?They won't send it out till Monday most likely anyway so that it doesn't sit all weekend with fedex/ups.
My husband sent these to me and he was able to add a personalized note. It's on a card in the box (mine fell out and I didn't see it at first), and it's also written on the packaging sheet.
Hi if your using on cupcakes you will need 2in round toppers!
I can send tomorrow. Depends on your location when you will receive it. With expedited shipping, it usually takes 2-3 days as long as there aren't any post office delays!
I had 17 people kids and adults and had about 1/4 left.
will go out tomorrow 2-5 business days for delivery.
yes, just send me your order number with your request
Always keep image stores at room temperature, be sure to keep it in a sealed air thigh zip-lock bag inside the packing envelope out of any direct light, until ready to apply to cake. Shelf life is 12 months.
Just send me an email
You can send your message to us through Amazon by using the contact seller button once placing your order (found under Your Account, then My Orders). Thanks!
Loose in a bag.
No, it does not.
Have never bothered with the expiration date on this gum. It is always good. Have had some that I ordered six months ago, and it's still good.
All unprocessed stevia consists of a family of chemicals which are both bitter and sweet. Processing (usually by dissolving in water) allows the sweeter group to remain and most of the more bitter group to be removed. Raw, green stevia is too bitter for most people. It costs more to remove more than 95% of the bitter. Often some type of flavoring is also added to mask it. If all of the bitter could be removed and a little flavoring added, then it would sweeten more like other sweeteners, but would be very expensive. Usually other sweeteners are mixed in to mask the bitterness, which becomes offensive if enough stevia is added to make it actually sweet. This particular product is typical of most in that the few % of the bitter that remains will require that you limit how much you add.
Filter Water, Stevia Extract (Reb-A), Glycerin, Natural Flavors, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Succinic Acid, and Citric Acid.
Yes, it doesn't require refrigeration, but if you wear your pants snug, it might be a problem since the lid just snaps on.
Doesn't really have a flavor. It taste like a normal sweetner, but it has a slight bitterness after taste to me.
See my answer about "natural flavors" in the previous question. Why do people post answers that are non answers?
Yes. The roses and vase come packaged and the recipient arranges them. My wife loves them and they are really good quality. I was a little hesitant the first time I ordered flowers from Amazon and I have to say I've been pleasantly surprised. I've used the "Professional" online florist and this beats them all hands down. The price is fair and as I said above, the quality is outstanding. I've ordered many of the different bouquets and they've all been top-notch.
I ordered the ones that came in a vase and they were arranged.
there is 12 long stem red and 10 white pretty flowers was well received:)
It says in Shipping: This item can only be shipped to the 48 contiguous states. We regret it cannot be shipped to APO/FPO, Hawaii, Alaska, or Puerto Rico. My delivery to Seattle area is several days late so far. So don't count on them arriving on time even to the places where they ship.
No water tubes.
No, they don't deliver on Saturday, Sunday, or Monday. Also, when I ordered them on Thursday for Friday delivery they delivered on the following Tuesday. This was for an anniversary. Not good. So if you could pick your date, they may not deliver it then anyway.
Real flowers.
No message included with flowers but they were wonderful flowers that lasted for 3 weeks.
240. The picture is wrong.
hello, This is a 240 count bucket. We are in the process of updating our image
That's the size bucket I received!
I got 1 bucket of 240 count.
On average it takes 4-6 weeks.
The chips are normal potato chips. Just like Lay's or any other brand from the US.
about 400g.
The can indicates it contains oils from Italy, Spain, Tunisia, and Turkey. Either way, I have found this EVOO to be very consistent in flavor, body, and color. I buy a gallon every 6 months and each time the oil is exactly the same.
It ships in a metal container....shape of a gas can....and has a nice pouring spout.
Not the best oil,but for the price,not bad......saw somewhere that it was,but I doubt it
The ingredient list for all three: dried potato, chickpea flour, sunflower, safflower, and/or canola oil, navy bean flour, tapioca starch, beet powder, spinach powder, pumpkin powder, pea fiber, tomato powder, red bell pepper powder, sea salt, salt, kale powder, red beet juice powder (natural color), annatto (natural color). Tuscan herb also includes "spice extract", and hint of olive oil includes olive oil.
It says 120/serving size (about 23 chips) X 3 servings=360
3.5g fat, 1g sugar (for all three flavors)... serving = 28g, about 3 per package
It has about 20g of carbs- you can get the nutritional info from myfitnesspal.com
It is very smooth going down but has a "zippiness" to it. I do not use a sweetener nor would i recommend using one with it.
3 boxes 10 each very good
I do not think it is good over ice, and yes, it does have caffeine.
No
No nutrition label, only spices, no sugar, no calories
It is just the tea and spices. To get the latte, you'll need to add steamed milk as this is what Starbucks does (along with my wife).
Yes you do Denise!
Sounds. Like u get 4
Influenster did give us the product but they didn't force us to write a review. We were only asked to write one and the only thing we get in return is credit towards a badge. My review was real. The darn cookie just did not hold up well in my purse. Luckily, it was delicious (like every other belvita biscuit I've tried).
They claim to be domestic. The distributer is in NY. So good too, I was impressed.
They are raw.
Yes. Unsalted.
But are these seeds from Mexico or from china?
I purchased the seeds through Amazon. I do not know if they come from China.
Alex, it is common for European Almonds to contain an occasional bitter one due to the genetic traits of their almond varieties. If you get more than a few bitter almonds in a bag, that would be an excessive amount, and we would request that you contact us with your order ID for a refund. We are constantly evaluating the almond quality of our supplier partners and appreciate the feedback as it helps us improve our quality. Best Regards, Terrasoul Superfoods
Yes, we can guarantee that. Feel free to contact us via the contact seller link Amazon provides if you should have an issue with your almonds. I think that reviewer must have gotten a missing bag or another customer's return, which again is Amazon's policy. Unfortunately, the reviewer never contacted us so we could attempt to resolve the issue.
I store them on a shelf in the pantry. They come in a reclosable bag with a 'best by' date of 10/14. They won't last long, they're delicious!
Nojan, The almonds are from Spain and are a Valencia variety. We have a few different organic growers that we work with in Spain as our suppliers, depending on the time of the harvest season so we can obtain the freshest almonds. Best Regards, Terrasoul Superfoods
I just grind mine in their raw natural state & keep them in the frig; I don't make too much butter at a time unless I have an immediate use for a larger amount that I'm using right away. They are also great roasted, but we prefer them au' naturel!
Not at all. They will actually gain so much when it comes to phytonutrient levels, and lose phytic acid (a compound found in all legumes, grains, and nuts that inhibits mineral and nutrient absorption in the body, mainly minerals such as iron, zinc, calcium, and B vitamins.)
I use raw/sprouted organic almonds as they do not have any additives that would impact a healthy, nutritious. I mainly use these almonds to make almond milk for my family as it would not contain additional sodium, etc. Blanching the raw almonds does render them only very slightly less nutritious, but not enough to really matter. Peace, Susan Whitehorse-Hayes
Yes, they're gluten free. They're packaged in a facility that handles other tree nuts.
They are sweet domesticated almonds imported from Spain.
There are 4 main methods of pasteurizing almonds: 1) steam 2) high heat (roasting) 3) blanching 4) highly toxic fumigation treatment with propylene oxide (PPO). The primary methods used are steam, and PPO fumigation. Most organic industries use steam processing. Although expensive, this is the cleanest method of pasteurizing. PPO method of pasteurization is mostly used for non-organic almonds. This is a very toxic way that may lead to neurological, gastrointestinal, respiratory, immune system dysfunctions, as well as liver disease. In summary, all almonds produced in the US are required by law to be pasteurized. If the label shows I pasteurized, the almonds may have been imported from regions where pasteurization is not a law. I always buy raw, organic, and I rinse them well before ingesting.
Yes
No. The only things besides the organic ingredients listed on the front are lemon juice concentrate and ascorbic acid (Vitamin C). Sometimes you'll see Chia Seed, but definitely no sugar or salt. Unless you get one with yogurt, there's no soy, wheat or dairy either.
If you look at the description on the website they are listed
Spinach, mango, & pear - 10 grams of sugar Green bean, pear & pea - 12 grams of sugar
Mine says october of 2014
I started feeding it to my daughter when she was 2 but both my daughters love them as a quick snack and they are 19 months and 3 years. It's a nice healthy smoothie to go!
Salvia Columbia , it's in the mint family. Grown in southern Mexico and Guatemala.
Q. What's the difference between the colors of chia seed. A. There are two chia seed colors, white and black. The difference between the two colors, however, is negligible. Both contain essentially the same amount of omega-3, protein, fiber, and other nutrients. Read more at http://www.vegkitchen.com/nutrition/chia-seeds-frequently-asked-questions/#g0yoOivZ4BiptX2p.99
I haven't tried it, but I'm pretty sure they will. Wet them and put them on a ceramic dish, they should sprout.
Hello, Our calorie count is exact on a per gram basis and is equal to other brands of chia seeds at 5 calories per gram. A tablespoon can either be a rounded or a level tablespoon so it is best to use grams as a comparison.
South America....Peru..
Absolutely none. Excellent product!
Look at the second picture and zoom in.
I just checked my box of K-Cups and it doesn't give a calorie count. All it says about content is 100% arabica coffee and natural flavors. This coffee isn't sweet at all, just a good coffee with caramel flavoring added.
No, the caramel is artificial flavor
Mine shipped from Starbucks direct via Amazon - Bought in October - my last box says 2/27/2014 There is no brew strength on the box - but I would say blonde - I don't like Starbucks Pikes coffee straight - too strong . I love this and like the Blonde.
The box states "GROUND COFFEE, NATURAL FLAVOR."
I looked all over the box, & the K-cups, its not list at all, & I guess it would depend on how much cream & sugar that you would use, or any other toppong
One teaspoon (4 grams) has 4g carbohydrates. Package says "Derived from 100% North American Hardwood" and "USA Birtch Xylitol, Non GMO, Kosher, Gluten Free" website is xylitolusa.com. Hope this is helpful.
No, I haven't noticed any aftertaste at all.
They gather birch tree sap like maple. This is why I like this product it is a natural sweetener but I mix it with stevia because a in large amounts it can cause gassy troubles and also in drinks I still use a little cane juice sugar with it. This is an extremely sugar sub for diabetics also.
Slightly cool taste when compared side-by-side to real sugar. Not really noticeable otherwise. This product is actual birch bark xylitol, not from corn (& no GMO), made in the USA. No erythritol or swerve listed as ingredients
I have wondered about that too. It seems that different packaging, and even sizes display the EF , although it all appears to be the Xyla brand of xylitol. Xyla has a TM after the name which would indicate it's a trademark name. One thing I can tell you is that the 5lb bag I received is not the same as what I was used to getting in the Xyla 2lb canisters. That was always consistent from batch to batch. This is the first time I've gotten the sack and it doesn't even taste the same. It also appears to be mixed with something of a finer texture than the crystals I was used to with the 2lb canisters. I will not be ordering this again. Just my opinion, but it seems questionable that it's pure xylitol.
Yes. Xylitol is made either from corn or birch so if the company states that it is from hardwood then that hardwood would be birch. Just make sure you get it from a company whose products are made in the United States and not China.
Yes it can - it's a 1:1 replacement for sugar
I have tried several brands, but do not recall if it was Ideal. The problem is many of these are GMo or synthetic xylotol and are no longer made from birch bark. I went back to this brand for those reasons.
I have done it with a coffee grinder. I use a cuisinart grinder. It comes out great and it only takes a few pulses. I do add powdered stevia to the Xyla once I grind it to stretch the Xyla. I find the Xyla by itself isn't sweet enough for me. The NOW Xylitol wasn't as sweet mixed with the stevia powder and someone recommended Xyla. That and that Xyla is from Birch instead of corn which I believe the NOW brand is.
Yes, I did for a while. Not sure if it helped, but it did not cause any problems.
I emailed the company and it comes from small farms in Peru.
What is the maximum temperature for cocao beans after which they begin to lose nutritional benefits?
Absolutely YES! It imparts such a wonderful deep chocolate taste to your baked goods. To get a totally amazing explanation of how to use both raw, natural cocoa powder and dutch process cocoa powder in baking, go here: http://www.joyofbaking.com/cocoa.html.
No
1/17 , and I keep it in the freezer; for freshness tho.
Serving Size: 28g/16 per Container 120 Calories/35 from Fat (Total Fat 4g/Saturated 2g) Total Carbs 15g -Dietary Fiber 9g -Sugars 0g Protein 6g Great Tasting if you like natural unsweetened Cacao!
This is pure Raw certified Organic Cocao. It is bitter to taste, very finely ground, & marries well with other ingredients. There isn't anything else mixed in, & gives a wonderful chocolate taste when mixed with other. Foods. Enjoy
ABSOLUTELY! That's how we use it, in smoothies.
I appologize for previous answer. I was looking at Nativias Cacao package instead of this one. This one is certified organic by Organic Certifiers, Ventura, CA. It does carry the USDA Organic seal on front of package. Even with magnifying glass it is very difficult to read the label. It doesn't mention free trade or if it does I can't read it. Personally, I ordered this in error. In the future I will return to Nativas product-more seals and free-trade. I have not opened the package as yet so can't comment on quality.You may want to contact Healthworks directly to get more info. HEALTHWORKSLLC.NET e-mail
the ingredients are "raw cacao powder" so it shouldnt be alkalized
olga , Curcumin is a diarylheptanoid. It is the principal curcuminoid of the popular South Asian spice turmeric, which is a member of the ginger family. Turmeric's other two curcuminoids are desmethoxycurcumin and bis-desmethoxycurcumin . in simple english curcumin is found in turmeric , the other 95% is ground root of turmeric
It doesn't matter, you can drink it any time of the day.
Raw, as in uncooked? I would have to say yes. A little goes a long way, i still have the bottle I ordered a few months back. I would highly recommend these guys, the spice is wonderful. Thinking about buying vegie capsules so I can consume a daily amount for my health. I am from east Texas so the east Indian that embraces Turmeric is quite different from what I know. But I enjoy it because I know how amazingly beneficial it is. Part of the label has come off and all I can read is pure organic from India. Perhaps I should have said I can't be sure? I just assumed that all spices in powder form are "raw." But I could be wrong. but I wanted to endorse the product anyway. Hope I haven't totally confused you.
Ive never used it in cold milk...maybe if you whisked the snot out of it, it would take cold milk. Golden milk is the best way to take it, and tastes good:)
Yes. It has a very distinct turmeric scent. This is pure turmeric of great quality. I use it in a detox drink with water, lemon and honey. It mixes well and doesn't lump up.
after a low boil i add the powder and let it simmer
Since this is a powder form product (like cinnamon powder, vanilla powder, etc.), it will maintain its quality for a very long time, more than 2 years. The only thing you would like to do to keep it fresh longer, is to keep it in cool and dry place, since moisture can really ruin your powder form herbs and spices. Hope this helps.
5% curcumin
Yes. This is USDA Certified Organic product. Quoting from USDA website - "Organic food is produced without using most conventional pesticides; fertilizers made with synthetic ingredients or sewage sludge; bioengineering; or ionizing radiation."
Red - Red blend is recommended for those who love their espresso bold. This blend has a higher Robusta composition for dense aroma and body. Gold - Selected qualities of precious Arabica beans for a delicate taste and unmistakable aroma. Mild, smooth and refined. Less caffeine with tones of sugar, fruit and berries. Delicious as an after dinner coffee. Blue - For the coffee lover who enjoys the quality of Arabica but also a small intense note of extraordinary, this coffee has a smooth, refined flavor with hints of chocolate, perfect for the true coffee connoisseurs. Black - Blend of Blue & Red
I had Senso for awhile. The Senso pods are a larger diameter and not packed as firmly as the ESE pods.
No, the RIVO uses capsules. We sell espresso pods. Sorry :(
If you are asking if it works with the De'Longhi EC155, the answer is yes it will.
The best way to keep ground coffee or whole beans fresh is to store the coffee on a pantry shelf in an opaque airtight container away from light, heat, and moisture, says Scott McMartin, who has tasted more than half-a-million cups of coffee as a member of the Starbucks Green Coffee Quality group.
Yes, the ESE pods are for this type of Espresso machine that says it takes pods.
Its not for a nespresson machine. This is for a normal espresso machine. like they have at starbucks.
No, those are ESE pods and will work only with ESE machines.
Yes
Anywhere from one to three ounces. Depends really upon your taste.
All I can say is I use them in my Cuisinart (Keurig) coffee machine
Yes
We've had them for several months and they seem fine, easier then re-configuring the machine between attachment and this type of reusable. Must say though that my favorite is still the pod that comes with San Francisco Bay, very environmentally friendly and not as messy; since we use SFB French Roast any way by the third cup I give in to the SFB pods. Hope this helped.
yes well worth the wee price
No, they don't require them. I use the paper filters just because I'm used to my coffee that way.
These are compatible with standard Keurig K-Cup brewers. Not compatible with: OfficePRO, B155, and all other commercial brewers, the Vue System or the Rivo System.
All the package states is they are not compatible with the B30, B130, B150, and B155. Hope this helps.
Yes the mug has a lid. There are two spouts that you can leave open and you can put a straw in it but it has to be a long straw. This mug is big.
Yes we still have these.
The mug with product is 100 oz. The sticks in the mug are 40 oz.
Yes
See above answer
No need to freeze them as they last 9 months in your pantry. Preserved naturally through dehydration.
These wraps aren't difficult to use, just not as thick as the flour wraps, or need to be softened. They're fine for whatever food you'd like to wrap (i.e. BLT wrap, chicken, tuna or ham salad wrap, etc.), the possibilities are endless. If you use one wrap or two, you'll find that they're delicious, easy use, and don't have to be refrigerated.
8"x8"
1 package with 7 wraps
Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 Wrap (14g) Servings Per Pack 7 Amount Per Serving Calories 70 Calories from Fat 40 % Daily Value Total Fat 4.5g 7% Saturated Fat 4g 20% Trans Fat 0g Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 15mg 1% Potassium 270mg 8% Total Carbohydrate 6g (4 Digestible Carb) 2% Dietary Fiber 2g 8% Net Carbs 4g (Fiber Minus Carbohydrates) 0% Soluble Fiber 1g Sugars 4g Protein 1g Vitamin A 0% Vitamin C 0% Iron 2% Calcium 2% **Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000-calorie a day diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. I guess they would work for breakfast wraps, although I just did not like them.
The package I have says,"*Coconut Meat, *Coconut water, *Unrefined Virgin Coconut Oil (*Derived from Organic Coconuts)". Hope that helps.
It is. They are a little stiff, but I put hummus on them to soften them.
Robin, when ordering through Amazon your order most likely will ship the same day!
It doesn't say how they are made you would have to ask the folks at Julian Bakery. Somewhere along the line I'm guessing they have to be cooked but to what degree I don't know. They are very thin. I liken the texture to fruit leather but without all the sugar and they do have a bit of a coconut taste and they are all organic. I hope this helps.
Yes they are .
No it is not. I am still trying to find the one in the cylinder container but I think Kraft stopped making it.
for 6ozof pasta cooked and drained add 1-1/2oz pwd cheese 1/4 cup butter and1/4 cup milk and stir
I really do not know since there are no ingredients listed on the package.
There are no transfats in this product.
1 oz is 9g
its is the same kraft cheese powder that you get in the blue box, its directly from Kraft. These are the ingredients listed on the package, Whey, buttermilk solids, cheese (pasteurized milk, cheese cultures, salt, & enzymes), whey protein concentrate, salt, sodium phosphate, citric acid, lactic acid, enzymes.
Bookini, mine weighs about 2.5 pounds. You'd obviously also need to carry a pot and lid, and having some kind of cloth to line the bag is a good idea. (I use two dish towels.) The big problem is that it is VERY bulky. You can try to roll it up tightly, but it will take up a lot of space. I use my Wonderbag all the time, but honestly, for camping I think I'd be more likely to dig a hole and bury the pot in the ground, with coals on top, unless the ground was frozen. Rolled up, my Wonderbag is at least 1/3 the size of my sleeping bag.
http://nb-wonderbag.com/Pages/DonateAWonderbag (the link changed)
I would not call the lining plastic. The inside of the bag has the same fabric as the outside with the exception of the bottom, but you have to put a cloth on the bottom of the bag before you place the pot inside. The underside of the cushion "lid" is also a solid blue fabric, different than the patterned fabric of the rest of the item, but I don't detect any plastic. I have used this many times now (more than when I first reviewed the product) and have placed steaming hot pots inside the bag an have not smelled any odor of plastic or anything. I have always, however, followed the direction of placing a dishtowel in the bottom of the Wonderbag before putting a hot pot inside.
Don't imagine it's anything but styrofoam beads. No matter what it is, if it's contained in the cloth and you're not putting your food in there without a covered metal pot or glass container (I make yogurt in mine) there's not much chance of any sort of contamination.
While I haven't used any of the Thermal cookers named I have owned a Zojirushi thermal bento. If I had to guess the Wonderbag while useful isn't nearly as good as some of those more technically inclined models. It doesn't try for a full vacuum seal and thus won't trap the heat as long or as well. Depending on what you hope to use it for it may well still do the job but not as efficiently. Good luck.
Hi - The bag fits standard sized pots that are 2-9 quarts with short handles. It's recommended to use a stainless steel, cast iron or enameled cast iron pot with a metal lid (glass lids work but will not retain heat as long)
First of all it is so tight that nothing spills so that is cool. Once we did make chili and spilled a little on it when dishing it out. We used a wet cloth to just clean it it off. It is a nice material that wipes clean easily.
Yes it does - I haven't timed it, but the materials that came with the bag mention that you can use it for both. I LOVE IT!
There are some limitations, but in general the Wonderbag will cook anything you would use a slow cooker for. We've even made cheesecakes in the Wonderbag! Stop by our blog for ideas: http://thewonderbag.blogspot.com/p/recipe-index.html
Yes. Due to the fat finish on cast iron of this type you should use a towel around your pot to protect the bag from dirt, grease and soil.
You can make a donation at the Wonderbag site: http://nb-wonderbag.com/Pages/Donate
I've used the bag to make yogurt, and it comes out perfectly (works better for us than just keeping it in the oven).
There is no difference (except in bag colors/patterns). The higher price one comes from the UK. I got mine for Christmas (the $50 Wonderbag Portable -- they're all portable -- that's the point) and it does what it says. Start your dish on the stove in a heavy tightly covered pot at high heat with plenty of liquid, then place it in the winderbag, close and in 5-7 hours (depending on the recipe), you'll have your meal hot and ready. Whether you take it anywhere (like on a long drive to a family event), or you just leave on the counter, it works just like a slow cooker (crock pot), but without additional electricity. The heat that builds up in the pot during its initial cook time remains there and completes the cooking.
I imagine you can. You would need to bring it up to pressure on a stove then move it to the bag. It would definitely increase the cooling and de-pressurizing time so I am not sure what that would do to what ever you are cooking.
A Wonderbag is a insulated bag in which people can slow cook anything from meaty stews and vegetable curries to simple rice and soups. You kick-start the cooking process by bringing a pot of food to a boil on the stove (or other heat source) and allow to simmer for a period of time (depends on the recipe), then simply place the boiling pot with the lid on in the Wonderbag to finish cooking (we recommend placing hot pot on top of a silicon potholder and lining the bag with a dish towel). The bag is not stuffed with shopping bags. For every Wonderbag purchased in the US, one is donated to a family in need in Africa. Wood fire cooking is the source of major social, economic, and environmental issues in Africa. Families in Africa that use Wonderbag save on average of 30% of their household income. Using the Wonderbag helps save water, reduces the carbon footprint, minimizes deforestation, smoke inhalation diseases and deaths.
Le Creuset pots work nicely, but do require more time to heat the pot, lid and food through, so keep that in mind. Stainless steel is another great option. Use with copper, steel, aluminum, enameled cast iron, or glassware pots in standard sizes with short handles and tight fitting lid. Use the right sized pot for the food you want to cook in order to best retain heat.Also, glass lids work, but do not retain heat as well as the metal lids. Also, we always recommend placing a dish towel and a potholder (silicon is best) beneath the pot to protect your bag from the heat and spillage, Hope that helps! Feel free to email us with any questions: ussales@nb-wonderbag.com
Wonderbag obtains repurposed foam remnants from furniture factories near our manufacturing facilities. We take these larger foam pieces and break them into smaller pieces (chips) to fill the inside of the Wonderbag. We feel great about it because this material would otherwise end up in a landfill.
I don't know if the wonder bag would work but I raise my dough in the oven. I don't turn it on. I put a 9x13 pan on the bottom rack and fill it half to 3/4ths full of boiling water, then I set my dough on the top rack. The oven stays around 80 degrees and it is nice moist heat.
Yes, scrunch it up to separate it.
The Wonderbag was discounted for a short-term Gold Box Lightning Deal.
I would not use it for that, it has a very eggy taste. Try almond milk, then flour, back in milk, breadcrumbs.
Ingredients: Fortified Nutritional Yeast (dry yeast, niacin pyridoxine, hydrochloride, riboflavin, thiamin hydrochloride, folic acid, b12), Sodium Alginate, Black Salt, Beta Carotene Phenylketonurics: Contains the amino acid phenylalanine. Allergy: Made in facility that handles Wheat, Egg, Milk, Fish, Soy, Shellfish, Sesame, Tree nuts and Sulphites.
No, you mix what you need. You use 1 teaspoon with 1/4 cup of water fir a serving. Are you trying to replace the egg whites? It won't replace the tofu. It doesn't firm up on its own.
I honestly do not know. All I know is that it never cooked. So, I would not trust it in baking. It literally stayed like a runny egg yolk. It tasted good, smelled real...I gave it away tho and I would not buy it again.
Yes, however, if that's what you want it for, you'd be better off buying Indian black salt and some nutritional yeast. That's where this stuff gets its flavor from.
I, like you, also use kala namak. I find that the Vegg is better suited to French toast and "dippy" eggs. I still use kala namak for a regular tofu scramble but Vegg for the items above as well as overnight breakfast casserole. I am really happy with the Vegg for baking as well. It adds a nice eggy flavor that ener-g egg replacer does not.
According to the label The Vegg has 5 calories per 1/2 teaspoon, 65 mg sodium and 15% Vitamin A (Daily Value).
No, it is not the same thing. I sent an inquiry to Hampton Creek about Beyond Eggs, and was told that Beyond Eggs is not yet available. The Vegg is powdered and does not need to be refrigerated.
I came across a vegan page and it has a couple recipes for eggnog that the vegg egg yolk is used. :)
I have not used it by itself to make "scrambled eggs". However, when I make tofu scramble, I add a teaspoon of this and 1/4 cup of water, and it helps make the tofu taste like eggs.
Absolutely easy to peel and The "meat" is rather soft, so you are left with a garlic perfume on your hands, which is always nice!
Yes it is. I last for a long time weeks - Once I open it I keep it in the frig.
I keep the garlic in a cloth bag with a tight clip on top in the refrigerator. I've had it in there for about 6 months and the garlic is still good. The main thing is to keep it dry.
I'm just a consumer, but garlic is not one if those foods that have been tainted yet with genetic modification. It is also on the "clean" list for low pesticide residues. I am a freak when it comes to both issues, and I consume this product without worries :-)
It is not.Please check their website
I researched on BlackGarlicNA (dot) com (the supplier to Amazon) before I made my purchase. Your questions are all answered by checking the FAQ's, namely: "FAQ 11 - Do you import Garlic from overseas? No, we only produce our black garlic from garlic grown in North America. Currently we use garlic from Mexico. The remaining product is grown in the United States (California and Wisconsin). Currently all raw garlic is fermented in Wisconsin. FAQ 12 - Why not just use Garlic solely from the USA? We use garlic from Mexico for a short period of the year because it is the freshest, most delicious garlic available during the early part of the year. FAQ 14 - Why should I buy Black Garlic from Black Garlic North America? Black Garlic North America is an American company that makes all of its product right here in America. The garlic is grown in North America and fermented in Wisconsin. What's more the business members of Black Garlic North America have more than 60 years of experience in the food industry. We know what it takes to consistently exceed industry standards, which translates to exceeding customer expectations the first time, each time, every time." I hope this helps, Jeff
I brought a little package from korea supermarket. This pack black garlic taste very good. Exactly what I am looking for. But I don.t know oyur ?
Mexico IS in North America. Google "map of North America." The company's website explains that they source garlic from Mexico in the early part of the growing season, when it hasn't yet matured in the US. Later in the growing season, it is sourced from the US.
I kept it for 3 weeks before use. Just keep it flat and in a cool place if you live where it is warm. Awesome picture.
There should be a gift message box to add a message if not just contact seller after the order is placed and then the personalization can be added.
KopyKake is what we use and they are the leader in blank edible frosting sheets, with all their sheets being completely allergen and gluten free, for worry free use. These edible frosting sheets are also Kosher Certified
Yes. I only use 0.5 teaspoon per serving. Thank you!
On there printed label it does have the USDA Organic Logo (I will be honest it is very very very small though you kinda have to look for it) :0)
No. Nice smooth, fine texture.
There is no sugar in this product. Carbs are 18 grams/oz.
Yes it is!! Love it
Hi Jose, That's a good question and I didn't think to check to see how much cocoa powder I actually received. I'm almost finished with this one, and I usually buy from other companies. I'd suggest contacting the seller or company. If it's not the amount it claims to be I would think you can get a refund (if you've already bought it) as it's incorrect advertizing. Good luck!
Dear Eric... As Criollo is grown of Spanish origin, it is possible that this Silk Road Cocoa is of that variety. However, since only 5% of the Cocoa market is Criollo, I would find it not likely. This variety often has undertones of Vanilla, Tobacco, or other unique flavors. I do not find any unusual flavors in this Cocoa. I am however, very satisfied with the results and quality of this Cocoa. It is beautifully deep and dark with a fine texture. We use a lot of it for the medicinal qualities in Raw-Paleo-Vegan desserts and find it to be very effective, particularly when mixed with Ginger, Turmeric, and other stomach-calming, ailment-relieving spices. Try the traditional Spanish recipes which use Cocoa as a spice in main dishes, rather than in sugary desserts. Or use it in Raw desserts with Raw Honey.
The whole factory is certified to package organic products.
It does not have a label that states it is kosher.
Hey there! Well, from my research, it is totally raw; that means it is natural, not heated above 118 degrees Fahrenheit, and not processed. You are correct, though, that alkali processed (also called Dutch processed) cacao/cocoa does destroy most of the incredible health benefits of this superfood! (for more info, check out these articles: http://www.life-enhancement.com/magazine/article/2798-effect-of-treating-cocoa-with-alkali-the-dutching-process ; http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18710243)
My bag says "Premium Organic Cocoa Powder". Non-Alkalized Organic Cocoa. It's really good.
There's a label on the bag....blurry and hard to read. Here's the best I can read: serv=1 oz, 120 cal, 2.5g fat, 1.5 sat fat and 0 trans fat. Sodium 20mg, total carb 18g, fiber 7g, sugars 0g, protein is 5g (I think--very blurry)
No, I do not think it is, because it is Dutch processed which means it is alkalized. Lavado is a process where the cacao beans are washed but not fermented.
Just one ingredient on the package, cacao powder. Hope that helps.
It says that it is and I believe that to be true. And it is the best cocao I have ever have. You have to be very careful because it is alot richer than other cocaos. But I do recommend it.
It doesn't say on the package...though on the description, it says it's from Latin America...
There is not. Just a list of ingredients and percentages of carbs, sugars, fat, etc.
Latin America
The 1 lb. of raw cacoa powder that I purchased was from Silk Road, so if the 2 lb. package is also in the raw form, I would assume it is the same. It is very tasty.
Hello & thanks for your great question! All our stevia products are usually offered with Amazon Prime benefits. However, we ran out of stock when we were transitioning to our new & improved water flavorings. We changed the listing so customers could pre-order from our company. According to our records, you can purchase these with Prime on 3/1/14, which is tommorrow. If you have any other questions, please let us know. Thank you for your business! Diana, Stevia Select
No it is grown in Paraguay.
Not sure if the ones i purchased are the new ones. I did not really like them. I have to add too much for flavor. Then it's too sweet if too much is added. Not worth the price. The bottles say "New Bolder Flavors" and came in the 3 pack. The Luscious Lemonade is the best, then the Tangy Tangerine. The raging Raspberry did not taste anything like Raspberry. Not balanced right and too expensive for how much I need to use, for me.
In my 3 pack was Luscious Lemonade, Tangy Tangerine, and Raging Raspberry---all are great!!!!
Raspberry, mixed fruit, and strawberry.
Our flavor specialist are currently formulating a more concentrated water flavoring. Some people have said they like the current taste but others are asking for something stronger so we listened to your requests and our new & improved, (more flavorful & less sweet) water enhancers will be available approx. Oct. 25th. Thanks! UPDATE: as of 11/26/13 our new & improved flavors are still being tested. The new arrival is expected to be around the new year 2014. Thank you for your patience!
Hello, First, We sincerely apologize if there has been some confusion and we would like to help clarify a few things. Since the amount of flavor enjoyed in a water enhancer varies from person to person, our amounts are average and may vary if you like it bolder or light in taste. This is why we specify on the Amazon description that each bottle makes 30 bold & 60 light servings per bottle. This equals 90 bold & 180 light servings for every 3 pack. Again, this is a rough estimate and just a guage to start at but each person decides their own strength. However, there is a misprint in the nutrition facts area where is states 20 1/2 droppers per bottle. It is actually 40+ 1/2 droppers per bottle and we are currently revising our label to show this. Again, we apologize for this error and if it was not clear on our description. Stevia Select stands behind every purchase with our satisfaction guarantee and if you are not pleased with the amounts of servings you received, please contact us for a refund. Furtheremore, if you have any other questions we are always here to serve you and can be contacted within your Amazon account. Thank you, Diana of Stevia Select
It has water, stevia, citric acid, natural favors ( not defined), gum arobic, vit c, potassium sorbate. 0 carbs, 0 cal. Does not specify gluten free. I would check with company. Info@steviaselect.com.
Did not do a ph test. But whether or not it is acidic, this product was not pleasant to drink. Have tried others that are good. And am using some powdered ones now that are good, but this item was not appealing to me. Unpleasant flavor.
About the same grain and granulated white sugar. Not as fine as salt.
Yes, warm water is better.
it is a product of Canada, that is all I know
It's not a powder. More like extra fine grain sugar.
I have used Vinegar to clean a steam water distiller. My guess it that Citric acid will wherever the calcium build up is, and will dissolve it. I am going to use it to clean Calcium deposits in my dishwasher jets.
No it is made from citrus based fruits, lemons, limes, grapefruits, oranges.
No...
I don't believe it is, as it does not say that on the label.
Serving size is: 2 tbsp (37g) 9mg/serving of sodium.
No the hazelnuts are not organic.
For an animal derivative(such a milk powder) to be approved for use in a Non-GMO Project Verified product, the participant needs to document that the animal feed is non-GMO. Documentation must confirm either NGP Verified or only grass-fed and less than .5% alfalfa.
You can find this in the nutritional facts label in Product images.
Popin' Cookin' Sushi Candy Ingredients sugar, glucose, vegetable oil, starch, corn syrup, reduced mizuame, milk protein, gelatin, powdered eggwhite, processed starch, flavoring, gelling agent (sodium alginate), calcium carbonate, calcium sulfate, acidifier, baking soda, coloring (vegetable coloring, gardenia, squid ink coloring, red yeast, lantana, spirulina blue), sodium caseinate, emulsifier, thickening polysaccharides, sodium pyrophosphate, glycerin, glazing agent (raw ingredients may contain soy and wheat traces)
Hi, this is Santa Trading (GBI). It depends on shipping address. It costs around $20.00-. You can feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns at any time.We are very happy with hearing your voice and looking forward to serving you again in the future. Have a good day.
I ordered mine the third week of August and received my product first week of September. It takes a while since it's coming from Japan. Hope this help.
My kids enjoyed preparing it. They spent a lot of time working together until it was finished. My kids are 9 and 8 years old and they loved it.
No. But you will be surprised on how you can figure it out. And you tube has videos in English. The kids had a blast. :)
I received 9 items in my bundle
Yes I can send to your country. Thank you.
No, it was all fresh.
There is no expiration date but dont open it and then put away make sure its closed
Hi we are Santa Trading(GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. It differs the condition of flight schedule,customs and so on, it usually takes 3-6 weeks to receive the product by standard shipping from Japan. Expedited shipping also available. We are looking forward to serving you in the future.
They can be various sizees depending on how you pack them and shape them before tieing them off.
3/4" worked best for me. Good luck.
I soaked them for 15 min and ran water through them toget the salt out and they worked fine.
It is a dried product, which you keep in the pantry. Pull what you need and soak it in water to use, and put the rest back in the pantry.
Yes, these ship from Seattle, WA.
Yes off-white in color, yes plain package, and yes the package should also be air-tight. Shouldn't have holes in the package so to speak, but doesn't have to be fully 'vacuum-sealed' either if that's what you're asking. Performed as advertised. - Kristi
June 2014 on mine as well, bought in November 2013.
It was June 2014 for me, but I ordered in March.
when i get it&#65292;it has been out-of-date.
If i know date expired in June 2014, i have never bought this item.
It is June 2014.
After the baby is born.
Yes, you will receive 12 boxes, with 6 bars in each box, for a total of 72 bars. That seems like too many, but around my house the bars will 'go' quickly. Enjoy!!
I didn't have that problem but I have only ordered them once.
I ordered a case in Sept 2013 and exp date on mine was Dec 2013
You get this one large concentrate. you then measure it out and add carbonated water. I found this stuff pretty sweet and wish I had purchased the HOT choice for more ginger-ness and less sweetness.
Serving size is listed as 1 fl. oz, which contains 90 calories (none from fat); 24g of carbohydrates (8% DV) from sugars; no fat, cholesterol, sodium, fiber, protein, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, or Iron. The ingredients are Filtered Water, Cane Sugar, Natural Ginger Extract, Citric Acid, Natural Spice Blend, Caramel Color, Cellulose Gum.
The bottle of syrup is 16 oz. if you follow the mixing directions it will make 96 ounces of soda. I like it with a bit more "bite" so I use just a bit more when mixing.
I figure if redregerated it should be fine for more than 3mo.
Container says it is a product of Mexico - cold pressed
No refrigeration is needed.
I think from mexico I am not sure But It was good
Yes, the only ingredient listed on the bottle is organic toasted sesame oil.
My guess is seeds are toasted before extracting oil. There is a smoky taste to the oil.
No idea but really good quality product. You can taste the goodness.
PERU -the following is from Anthony's site - * No Preservatives, No Artificial Ingredients, Gluten Free, Paleo Friendly * Naturally full of Antioxidants, Magnesium, Iron * Finest Milled Cocoa Powder Available * Truly Organic as Our Cocoa Powder is Non-Alkalized * Beautiful Resealable Natural Bag It's dark, supple, and delicious. Ladies, you know what we're talking about - Cocoa Powder. Awww yeah. It's Anthony's Brand so you know its good - imported from Peru (home of the cocoa), it's organic, non-alkalized, naturally gluten free. it's the good stuff. High in magnesium and full of other essential vitamins like, calcium, zinc, iron, copper and potassium our cocoa powder flour is ideal for baking, chocolates and everything in-between. Stored in a cool and dry location, our cocoa powder will remain fresh for over 12 months.
I just compared mine with Nestle's and it's a slightly different color (more reddish) and has a somewhat different flavor (dry pinch test), but I haven't made a cup of each and compared them. I haven't found hot cocoa made with it to be at all objectionable, but I'm not a cocoa connoisseur, so my opinion might not be worth much. As for the consistency, cocoa is a fine powder, and I couldn't see any difference between the two.
zero
Yes
No
No, there is no sugar in it.
Anthony's is 100% Non-alkalized organic COCOA POWDER. As such, it's very low in fat. There is 1 gram of fat in a 1/2 ounce serving.
I don't see it on the label. Good question.
According to the company's description on
This honey does not specifically say it is organic. It does say " harvested by healthy bees from eco friendly diverse regions" and it is unfiltered, unprocessed and raw. It is a wonderful honey. Honestly, I am not sure you can get truly organic unless you go with the Canadian honey I bought before that was harvested way out in the wilds, away from farms.
It says on the jar, "unpasteurized, unprocessed, raw state." It is very delicious and I think the best honey I've ever had.
I don't know, but since this honey is fresh, straight from the hive, I assume it is possible for it to contain royal jelly...Royal jelly is a honey bee secretion that is used in the nutrition of larvae, as well as adult queens.[1] It is secreted from the glands in the hypopharynx of worker bees, and fed to all larvae in the colony, regardless of sex or caste.
Check who the seller is. I ran into the same issue with a different product. I paid $20 less for some thing through a different seller.
What I purchased was in a plastic Jar. The certified organic Honey is in a glass jar at a higher price although I think the honey is the same.
there were 12 bottles in my variety pack of sparkling ice, 3 kiwi, 3 orange, 3 grapefruit and 3 blackberry. I paid $11.45 .
Sucralose
Strawberry kiwi, black raspberry, pink grapefruit & orange mango
3 black raspberry, 3 kiwi strawberry, 3 orange mango and 3 pink grapefruit
this product has very few artificial ingredients but it does contain some. Depending on what flavor that you are purchasing, you can get a complete listing of all the ingredients in each flavor at Sparkling Ice.com. I really love this product and I find this product quite refreshing and I do know that the pink grapefruit flavor has real grapefruit in the product so if one has any allergies to fruits or fruit products, then I would go to the website and look at the ingredients, but I would recommend this product to anyone. All the kids in my family drink this product and love it.
Carbonated water, flavors, sucralose, green tea extract, Vitamins D, B3, B6, B12, Biotin and B5.
They ship via UPS or FedEx ground in a carton separated by corrugated cardboard
I don't know why it said .08 when you checked out, I didn't notice that when I checked out. The individual bottles are 17 oz.
12
There are zero carbs in Sparkling Ice
No additives listed.
Raw Powder.
Turmeric contains approximately 2 percent curcumin by weight, so a tablespoon of turmeric, which weighs 6.8 grams, contains about 0.136 gram curcumin, or 136 milligrams.
No
All turmeric comes from India as far as I know. However, the differences will be with powdered turmeric, to which dyes can be added easily. 100% real turmeric will have a dull yellow colour. If it is a bright yellow colour, then it has additives. I do not know about lead in turmeric. Best to get whole turmeric root and grind it dwon yourself, or get and organic type that is USDA certified and which is routinely tested by the company for impurities, etc.
I don't know about that. But it is real Turmeric. And that is all what matters.
Paste is the same as extract so 1 tsp. vanilla extract equals 1 tsp. vanilla paste.
Invert sugar, water, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds, xanthan gum, Acadia gum That's the full list of ingredients on the bottle.....I am a professional baker who has used this product everyday for 5 years and I would not recommend any other brands(I have tried several)
Yes! Absolutley! It's perfect for that! Vanilla beans here in Norway are waaaay too expensive..
No, there is not Bourbon in this. The reason it is called Madagascar Bourbon, is because this particular type of vanilla has a flavor that is reminiscent of bourbon. "Bourbon vanilla or Bourbon-Madagascar vanilla, produced from V. planifolia plants introduced from the Americas, is the term used for vanilla from Indian Ocean islands such as Madagascar, the Comoros, and Runion, formerly the le Bourbon. It is also used to describe the distinctive vanilla flavor derived from V. planifolia grown successfully in tropical countries such as India."
Plastic
It says you can ,you use it just like you would extract It is a lot thicker and has tiny brown vanilla bean flecks in it. Yummy... I love this stuff it is the best flavor.You can use it in milk, cereal ,puddings ,coffee, cake ,cookies, icings, fillings, anything . You will not use anything else after using this..:) Happy cooking. Lorann's Emulsion's are really good also the flavors are awesome and do not bake out .
I don't refrigerate it. Shelf life is 2 years.
Hi, all my shipping if free for this item.
Yes, the drawer slides open and closed easily when filled with Kcups and a coffee maker on top. You can not slide the whole unit because it has rubber feet. Hope that helps.
We have the Keurig with the large water reserve on the side and it fits with room to spare front and back and about 1/4 inch on each side.
Yes, it is approximately 2 1/2 inches wider than the coffee maker. MJZ
While the whole unit stays put, only the drawer moves in and out but you can slide the whole unit around but not meant to. Sorry if conjoint ed, but I love drawer and kruerig fits perfect.
They don't attach to each other, but, sure, if you want to put one on top, it works fine. The Keurig should sit in the middle so that there is less weight on the back of the drawers. The weight of a filled Keurig on the back can make opening the bottom drawer harder. I get my choice out before adding water. Hope that helps!
Metal. ..not plastic! Sturdy. ..
I would think so. I have my mini keurig machine on top of this holder. It's solid and the drawer pulls out.
Yes
Yes there is... You can order thru Amazon.com Look for World Coffee Tea. We offer pack of 2's and singles
Today I bought a 17 oz bag of the dark chocolate/pumpkin seed variety at Costco, in Washington State, for $8.99. I would never DREAM of spending $25.00 for one bag! They are very good, but I thought twice before spending $9!
Only one package and it arrived all melted. Price is ridiculous. Try your local Costco. product is really great otherwise.
Hello, These will not melt too bad because they are just chocolate coated. At worst, some of the pieces may stick together. Amazon actually stops shipping chocolate items May 1st just for that reason, so there is only a couple of weeks left to order my items from the Amazon warehouse. After that, you will have to order from individuals shipping the item themselves. Thank you for your interest. Calli Books
Thank you for your interest in our barkTHINS snacking chocolates. We are so thrilled to hear that you enjoy our product! There is a blend of 60-65% cacao in ALL of our Dark Chocolate flavors. For more product info view MultiPack items at http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00HUX8OB2/?m=A20W1Z4NAFPVQA
I have no idea but they are delicious
Hi Brenda, I am not sure what other flavors are available. Right now, this Pumpkin flavor is out for the season. I am looking to carry the other flavors as they become available because they good tasting and high quality. They are becoming very popular!. Thank you for your interest. Frank Calli Books
Thanks for your question and I am happy to respond. We as FBA sellers are excited to offer barkThins to the public who may not have a Costco account. They are able to shop for the same great product available to Costco members but do so through Amazon and benefit from Amazon's customer service, shipping options and availability. Although you may not find the price is as close to Costco prices, you still benefit from being able to purchase a product that is backed by Amazon's amazing benefits, without paying for a Costco membership. Thanks for your inquiry!
According to the company the shelf life is listed as 20 years.
I Just weighed the the bucket in its original shipping packaging (just a perfect size box) and it came to 10.2 lbs altogether. The 7lbs 5 oz is probably just the total of the food pouches. With the plastic container, it came to 10lbs even. So no Idea where the 40lbs is coming from. Probably a way to try to justify the enormous shipping expense. Hope this helps.
It is emergency food for an emergency. It is not an all you can eat buffet. It more than some people will have.
111 servings, 11 pouches 16, 400 total calories, Just add water meals Affordable, Quality product No refrigeration needed,For emergencies, camping and everyday use Packed in a 4 gallon pail with handle Maple Brown Sugar Oatmeal ? 1 pouch, 10 servings Creamy Potato Soup Mix ? 1 pouch, 6 servings Cheesy Broccoli Rice ? 1 pouch, 6 servings Morning Moo?s Low Fat Milk Alternative ? 1 pouch, 20 servings Vegetable Stew Blend ? 1 pouch, 12 servings Creamy Chicken Rice ? 1 pouch, 7.5 servings Instant Potatoes ? 1 pouch, 7.5 servings Elbow Macaroni ? 1 pouch, 7.5 servings Cheese Powder ? 1 pouch, 15 servings Buttermilk Pancake Mix ? 1 pouch, 8 servings Scrambled Eggs with Imitation Bacon Flavored Bits ? 1 pouch, 12 servings
Yes, you have to add boiling water.
No, you can not reseal pouches. But remember, this is a small amount of food. No problem using it up after opening.
no, each pouch is 10 t0 20 servings, depending on the product.
Ingredients are: sugar, cocoa (processed with alkali), and vanilla powder. If it matters, warning does indicate it is made on equipment that also processes dairy.
Sugar, cocoa (processed with alkali) and vanilla powder. Manufactured on shared equipment processing peanuts, tree nuts, milk, eggs, soy and wheat/gluten.
When I received mine a month ago the expiration date is Nov 2016. It is so good can't imagine you would need to worry. It will be gone before you know it. I also like to make a chocolate sauce with it. Just add hot wTer and stir.
If you mean not dented, probably not! I have ordered 3 of them , from 2 different stores on amazon, and they are all three slightly dented. Everything else was fine,quite delicious, but all dented. I wonder if they mail the dented ones and keep the nice ones for the store shelves??
There are 42 servings in this container. Just add milk. It is so creamy and delicious! Thank you
lt has lid on top that can be opened and closed.
Hi there. The date on the bottom says " BESY BY MARCH 05 2015" Thanks so much!
Yes. That is the correct package. Vasudevan Rajasenan.
This depends on who you buy it from and the price. I would refer to the terms and conditions of Amazon Prime for more clarification.
I have had my usual Now brand on the shelf for a year and no problems. Just keep your bag sealed or put it in a storage container. CAUTION: if you have dogs, this is lethal so keep it put up out of their reach. It passes through human bodies unabsorbed which is similar to how the gas medicine simethicone works. It does not spike my glucose levels and has the least net carb effect of any sugar alcohol and less gastrointestinal upset risk than xylitol. I have used it in baking, ice cream making and beverages just fine. You will have to play with texture (dissolving the crystals may need some help or pulverize them in a blender, etc...) or amounts. It is considered to be 70% as sweet as table sugar but we find it can actually taste sweeter to us but then we are on ketogenic dietary protocols to control my diabetes and when you get sugar and excess carbs out of your system everything tastes sweeter, more intense, cleaner and absolutely delightful.
The image is outdated - it's a 5lb bag - sorry for any confusion
Yes, Non-GMO corn.
Crystaline--a little bigger crystal than beet sugar
The bag says that it is Xylitol USA located in Aurora, CO. You can look at their website at Xylitol USA dot com.
It's 5 pounds so it's just like a 5 pound of sugar from the store. Not sure how many cups though
Sorry, but mine is also granulated.
Roughly a tad larger than a 5 lb sack of wheat flour, it's a bit fluffier.
Zero
I think the company that sell this product put the wrong photo. Palm sugar is not erithrytol !!!!!Palm sugar is a natural sugar produced from Palymyra Palm, Date Palm, Coconut Palm or Indian Sago Palm. The stems of the flower buds are cut and sap is collected. It is low glycemic comparing to sugar but is still has 4 4 grams of carbohydrates per tsp and 16 calories . Now Erithryto/ Erythritol has only 0.2 carbohydrates per tsp and it is made by fermenting the natural sugar found in corn. It heat stable up to 160 degrees C. It is Non-caloric - While most sugar alcohols are low calorie, erythritol has zero calories. Non-glycemic - Does not raise blood sugar - erythritol is considered suitable for people with diabetes because it does not raise plasma glucose or insulin levels. It is the easiest sugar alcohol to digest - more than 90% of erythritol is absorbed in the small intestine, so minimal amounts reach the colon where other sugar alcohols end up causing diarrhea and other symptoms. Studies have shown that erythritol is even easier to digest than xylitol. It is non-carcinogenic- studies have shown that erythritol, like xylitol, does not have carcinogenic properties. It is an antioxidant - erythritol helps to fight free radicals, responsible for the aging process. It is considered to be even more efficient than other sugar alcohols because it is so readily absorbed and yet not metabolized (it is excreted unchanged).
Probably, but if you need to ask, you may not yet be ready to partake of the delicious nectar of the Allfather.
I use 6 heaping sppon fulls. It really depends on how strong you like your coffee. You can always add more if desired. I hope this helps and Happy Java!
Package reads "organically grown" on the bottom of the backside.
None that I can find on the packaging
It is organic. I just don't know about shade grown. It is a very good product.
We roast and ship on a weekly or bi weekly basis to provide the freshest coffee possible. Usually there is a few week turn around, but we have a best buy date of six months so that coffee doesn't sit around for too long before it reaches the consumer.
The package contains one death wish coffee logo sticker and one black/gold sticker the same as the Odin illustration on the front of the bag.
A little oily, not sure about superauto makers though. I grind mine at the house and use a course grind for a french press or a fine to make a k-cup. Worked fine on both
Just as much caffeine. But it has more of a sweeter flavor, but just as dark as normal.
I don't think so. It's a packaged deal.
It looks like they have changed the licensing now so it should work.
When I made mine it was in a cup about 6 ounces! So yummy, it depends to on your own taste how strong or weak you prefer.
Darlene, there are 80 calories total per cup, including the froth packet.
No, it's one box with 6 k-cups and 6 packets of mocha mix...you empty the mix packet into the cup you will be using, then the k-cup into the machine and make coffee as you would. Mix thoroughly after, and maybe use smaller cup setting on keurig because I noticed the caramel Macchiato flavor I purchased is a bit weak.
The demand is way greater than the offer. While for some products I needed to decrease the price, for others I have to increase it. That's the only way staying in business.
It could be a couple of things. Look at how many servings you are getting. A single box as box has 9. Are you looking at multiple boxes? Also, I have noticed that some sellers will post astronomical prices for items. I have no idea why or if they are really serious about selling an items.
1) pour the froth packet into your coffee cup, place coffee cup on your keurig 2) insert k-cup into your keurig 3) choose brew setting 4) upon brew finishing, add any sugar that you may want and stir well 5) enjoy!
They sweet enough for my taste , but not super (over) sweet. I am comparing to the "Mariani" dates from my local store. I order them few times and I like them more then from store.
USA
Deglets
The reply I got from the company is that it is a seasonable item at Costco only and that the best way to get them to restock it is to fill out a customer request card.
I'm sorry but I cannot. I threw the last bag I had away and apparently this product is no longer available. So sad.
Serving Size 6 pieces (30 g), Servings per container about 22, Calories 160, Calories from fat 95, Total fat 10 g, Saturated fat 7 g, Trans fat 0 g, Cholesterol 0 mg, Sodium 30 mg, Carbohydrates 15 g, Dietary Fiber 2 g, Sugars 12 g, Protein 2 g, Vitamin A 0%, Vitamin C 2%, Calcium 2%, Iron 6%
I think there's dairy in it, which is why, despite the fact I love this stuff, I don't buy it any more -- I've gone vegan. I don't know if there's soy or gluten in it, but aside from a small minority of people, the alleged "harmful" effects are way overblown on both, I wouldn't worry too much about that. Unless you're among that small group, of course.
NOT milk chocolste! I could not find a percent number on the package, but it is at least 70%, maybe higher.
Yes, it was ground.
Hello, The Starbucks coffee bags are 2.5oz, biscottis are 1.5oz and Starbucks VIA box is 1.4oz. The weight of the basket is 4lbs. If you need anything else, please feel free to contact us. Best, California Delicious
Yes
Sorry, not sure never asked my brother. From the picture, I'm thinking the 12 oz bags.
sorry we do not deliver to Japan at this time
yes, it had a red ceramic mug
The capacity of this travel cup is 16oz. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
There is both instant and round coffee in this gift box
Plastic travel mug with lid
I apologize but I am not sure because was a gift.
i have reached out to inedible to ask this question as well as ask why they are not using organic products (they could be using organic grape juice and organic/raw coconut water)- especially considering the price point. i have emailed 3 times and as of yet no one has responded. it's honestly making me question the company and their integrity. i will report back when/if i actually hear from someone.
Yes. It is so good.
If I may, with INDIBLUE designed to include the highest quality of ingredients, I find it excellent that the company trusts its product by giving a generous suggested "best date"---by your dates, 43 days for your current order. I have noticed that these dates change on my orders from time to time, when presumably a new batch is produced. Always the "best date" has allowed a generous time frame, even when the product use is longer than the suggested "1 serving = 1 bottle". Cost is important to me, so I never use more than a 4 oz serving per day, which stretches out my order, but it is always still within the range of the "best date". I'm glad they give a "best date" and not an "expires date". In my view, it shows the quality of INDIBLUE could be longer lasting if needed. However, a "best date" shows the desire of the company to maintain high quality standards, which in turn allows me as the consumer, to maintain high levels of confidence with each order. These thoughts are my own, but are sincere, and I do hope they are helpful.
Yes, this product is totally pure and the best antioxidant available. We buy it by regularly and drink a bottle or two a day. Lisa
It has to be relatively low, as it helps to stabilize glucose . I don't add anything. It's perfect "as is"!
12 0z or 1 bottle
I was told by the person who recommended this product that the bottles are bpa free. This is a wonderful product and has helped many including myself. As an energy healer, I am particular about the products I recommend, check them out myself and get feedback from clients. It's all been good.
Hi A case is $44.95
It is in now!!!! Get it before it goes...
Yes! There are 4 large bags, each contains 6 small bags.
12g
0.60
Not sure, have you contacted Green Bulk? The company that sells them here on Amazon.
Yes...like raisins
The bulk box showing only organic cherries. No oil or added sugar.
The Cherries are pitted. Thanks,
Hi Janet - I haven't used it like oatmeal but I cook it and use in salads. I simmer it in salted water 40-45 minutes, drain and rinse and its ready to go. This is *not* the semi-pearled variety most commonly seen in the US. The pearling process wears off some of the nutritious bran layer so it cooks a little faster. This wheat is not pearled, so it retains all its nutrition. A bit of extra cooking time seems a small price to pay for whole, nutritious, not to mention yummy, grain. Try searching on "einkorn porridge". I found a recipe that said to pulse the grains in a blender prior to cooking. This cuts the cooking time in half and may be what you're looking for.
What stones? There were no stones in the bag I purchased.
Absolutely.
According to the seller, it ships from Idaho via USPS and it is grown in the northwest.
There was an issue with the listing and Amazon fixed it so that the price per pound listed in the description now reads correctly.
Each package is 12oz of Award winning Beer goodness.
Each package is sealed in a vacuum bag then gently placed inside of our packaging.
We love quality over quantity. We do not pour brittle with conveyor belts like those others guys. We stick to our traditions and guarantee of quality.
Yes! If it says "from Yiayia Maria's kitchen" and sold by KevGo brands, it's the real thing!
You get 9 pieces, each about 1-3/4" square. They're very rich because real honey is used, not some type of sugar syrup. The best. You won't be disappointed; you'll just want more.
There are nine pieces in the box. I would consider one or two pieces a serving size.
There are 9 pieces per box.
medium size is 25-30 pieces per pound, the shipping fee to California is 5 dollars.
I don't add anything during dehydration process, just cold water 24H, then boiling water for 24 H......
Hi there, you have to soak the sea cucumbers first, and clean it, you can find how to soak sea cucumbers on google. thanks
You can add either when you make soup.
no, neither
hi there, 3 lbs to china is $32, heilongjiang is $36, you can just place the order, the system will charge you more than 32 for the international shipping, we will refund the extra shipping fee to you after the package is shipped. please send me the shipping address in Chinese and the recipient's name and phone number as private message, using "contact seller" option, thanks so much.
hi there, 3 lbs to China is $32, no tax, but we strongly suggest customer add insurance, it's 6% of the value. when you check out, the system will charge you more than $32, the remain shipping fee will be refund to you after the package is shipped. thanks
about 18&#65292;simple pack
Yes
this is tax free products.
I thought it was organic because that is what it said on line but when I recieved the product all it said on it was pure. Why is it only $18.95 now when I had to pay $68.10 to try it that seems strange was it all about who's show it was on and who's name was backing it up? sorry I saw a typo.
There are many home remedies, teas, plants that can be grown for use as a preventive disease or to prevent further development in my body. If I said that this product is 100% organic it is because I read the Amazon product information and then visit several sites of the Internet, including information about natural medicine. I was executive of a commercial bank for 38 years for serious health conditions could not continue in my work. I can assure you that natural medicine, eating fresh fruit and different types of teas have helped me to improve my disease. Controlled drugs prescribed by my doctors helped me improve a condition, but it damaged other parts of my body. I respect your opinion, but I can not say the opposite of this product. It helped me to improve my health condition and had the effect needed. Currently I'm using the White Mulberry but more concentrated and organic, manufactured by other companies. You did the right thing, if the product you purchased does not meet their expectations it back to Amazon and I assure you they will help you to get your money back.
I believe it is 1.5 grams cause there is 45 grams in 30 tea bags. the tea leaves do not totally dissolve so it is hard to actually say.
I believe it will. I am not a doctor. From what I understand if you drink it with a meal it will cause your body to pass a large portion of the sugar that would have been absorbed. From what I read it has about a two hour effect on your stomach. So you would want to rink it just before or after high carb or meals with a high sugar content. I have been drinking it for about two months and I have not had a blood test done since so I can't tell you for sure.
I'm not sure .... Did you try to google it?
It's in tea bags so no Mg setting on bag
Yes, the product is 100% pure white mulberry tea leaves
The package describes it as certified organic, non GMO, raw, vegan, made from premium Criollo cacao beans from Ecuador with minimal low-temperature processing and with no sugars or fillers. There would have to be some sort of processing involved in making cacao beans into cacao powder. Alkalinizing--I don't know, but it doesn't seem so. What I do know is that this is really good stuff!
Yes taste better then the nestle chocolate powder
Check out this link Larry for some insight - http://celiacdisease.about.com/od/GlutenFreeSnacks/f/Is-Chocolate-Gluten-Free.htm By the way.....Kiva is a Great Product! Enjoy.
No, this doesn't contain cadmium. It does contain zinc, magnesium, copper, iron, selenium and calcium.
ABSOLUTELY NOT! This cacao powder is pure and naturally delicious. Organic cacao plant powder!
I was using 2 tblsp a day spread out. One in the morning with my oatmeal and one with my protein shake. Remember you need fat in your diet and 1.5g of fat is nothing. This cacao is all natural and unsweetened it's a good fat.
What you are looking for isn't on the package. Sorry I can't help you out with this any more than with your question. If it helps, this cocoa powder is incredible. I highly recommend you try it. It is worth every penny.
This product can be used for anything you would use cocoa powder for. It is more like Hershey's cocoa and not like hot cocoa mix. It is not an instant mix, and it is unsweetened.
Why do you think they are fabricated?
bag label must have typos, the 16 oz 454 gram bag says it has 32 servings each serving is 2.5 grams. then the nutrition label says per serving 60 calories total fat 1.5 g potassium 1/4 g total carb 9 g protein 4g so the total weight of listed items is 14 3/4 grams.
When I mix this powder with plain yogurt, I get what tastes like banana yogurt, so I'm going to say the taste is good -- like banana. However, this powder is quite expensive. If you want to make a pudding mix, I think that using this might cost more than it is worth. I think that the banana flakes made by Edison Grainery might be better. I use the Edison banana more. I do not see the Edison banana anywhere on Amazon. I get it from a co-op. But here is a link to their site (if Amazon will allow the link to post): http://edisongrainery.com/store/sweets/64-organic-banana-flakes.html So, I think this Esutras banana powder would work for the pudding mix, but would be more expensive than I would want to pay. It does taste like banana to me.
From what I read 1T was what went in my shake for one banana
While I have not used this product to make banana pudding mix, I am fairly confident that you can use it for that purpose. However, the packaging does not tell how much powder equals one banana, so you will have to figure out how much to use for your mix. They do tell us that one "serving" is one tablespoon and that there are 47 servings in the container. I have mixed this powder with a few various cold foods and been happy with the results. I have not cooked anything with it.
I have not, but mine is a k40 and it doesn't work with that model.
I'm not sure of the model number of my Mr. Coffee machine but these do fit it. I had to remove the inner liner (as almost all replacements require)
Did not fit mine and were very poor quality. Sent them back and got the Cafe Cup ones which to me are much better
I bought these, but they didn't work. Too big for my Keurig. And, the lids didn't close tightly. Waste of money.
Yes I have used them for a year now work great
I'm not sure what a 2.0 is but they are too big around for my Keurig which has the water reservoir on the side.
Yes
It depends on which package you get. The reason so many are having trouble is because the company that made them apparently changed the molds half-way through production. The package my mom got fits into both her machine and mine. The package I got (which looked identical) fit into neither of our machines. It's a crap shoot. Good luck!
Don't buy them. They don't work. They don't fit right and they don't seal right. I.e., water leaks out the sides rather than passing through the filter. BTW, Marshall's carries them. I got them for 6 bucks there. But even 6 bucks was too much. The "Solo Coffee Pod Filters Compatible" type work better: http://www.amazon.com/Coffee-Filters-Compatible-Keurig-system--Reusable/dp/B00JST8RD6/ Not perfect, but better.
They do not fit all Keurigs. The package says they do not fit B30, B130 and B145. They also do not fit my K40 Elite. I am returning.
I have a dark glass container for my tea. It does bother me but if it means continuing to get the tea at this price I don't mind doing a container swap.
It comes in an actual paper bag that is aluminum and plastic lined on the inside. It is labeled. You can tell that it is actually Assam just by the taste. I've had 4 varieties from them & they're trustworthy.
I have no idea. For me, the caffeine content is not a concern. There ming be a decaffeinated one, and if that were the case, I myself would not buy it. It was a great tasting and extraordinary quality of tea. I'll be getting more.
You can try to reach them on facebook. They have a page
I'm not sure - the label states Organic and is from positivelytea.com info@positivelytea Hope this helps, you could contact them
Assam tea is an orange pico tea from the Assam region of India. At least according to my limited online research.
Hi we are Santa Trading(GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. It depends on where you live, it usually take around 5 weeks by standard shipping. Also by the expedited shipping it takes around 7 days. We are looking forward to serving you in the future. Have a nice day!
Yes it is, you can watch youtube videos about them.
Hi, this is Santa Trading (GBI). Thank you for your inquiry. It depends on the condition of the transportation or the customs, it usually will take 3-6 weeks to be delivered by standard shipping. Also the expedited shipping is available (3 -7 days) We are very happy with hearing your voice and looking forward to serving you again in the future. Have a good day.
It doesn't really taste like anything, but it doesn't taste bad
Plus 10USD. Thank you.
The chestnuts are product of China.
Yes, unopened is absolutely the best way because they don't last super long otherwise (ask me how I know). I am almost 100% sure they do not have to be refrigerated while still unopened.
I see numbers and letters on the lower right side on the back of package, but have no idea how to read it. Good Question, though.
yes, I just read the package and says "made in China". It is overpriced.
Yes, you can clearly see the pic of packaging that its 5.2 ounces so 3 makes it 15.6 ounces
We don't like the sliced but this has a similar taste to the real stuff.
Daniel You don't need to refrigerate the canisters until they have been opened.
Serving Size 2tsp - 95mg Sodium
Soy protein concentrate, rice flour, coconut oil, rice maltose grin, natural vegan flavors, rice flour, rice meal, tricalcium phosphate, vegetable glycerin, non dairy lactic acid , citric acid, vitamin A acetate, soy lecithin
The tea does come in a clear plastic pouch with an airtight zipper.
Hi Deborah, The Irish Breakfast is sourced from India and China. Thanks
It's not as brassy as Twinning's is - not as strong. This has some floral elements to it and the flavor is more subtle.
Basically tea in its natural form has more caffeine but when prepared for brewing and then brewed the caffeine levels are slightly less than coffee but due to the healthy effects of the antioxidants and an amino acid in tea the caffeine is more slowly absorb and produces less of a crash effect. Very good reading here: http://www.teaclass.com/lesson_0112.html
It is delicious pure and simple just as it says it is no added oil's or fragrances. Enjoy!
Depends on how strong you wish it to be; I've always used a heaping teaspoon which is equivalent to 1 tablespoon for 8 oz. water, roughly--3 minutes steeping and this is plenty strong for me.
The leaves appear to be cut but they are large pieces, not dustings or powder like you see with lower quality teas.
I don't know what grade it is.
It is not gelatinized. Pure Maca Powder. No fillers.
organic never contains gmo (or at least that's supposed to be the guarantee). this is great stuff and the company is pretty awesome, too.
I would contact the vendor with this question.
There is a shortage of maca root powder this year, and prices have increased due to supply and demand.
No, you will not have to cook it. I add mine to a smoothie each morning.
Many people put this into a smoothie, where it adds a nice nutty taste without being overpowering. If you are eating it straight, yes, it can be a challenge to get down. There are many recipes if you do a simple search on Google or Bing, or other search provider.
The one on my package now says 3/2017
Yes! I had the same experience. I thought about contacting the manufacturer, but wondered if mine was just a fluke. It may be because it's unprocessed? It's almost like sand.
Total Carbohydrate is 12g (D. V. 4%); fiber 3g (D. V. 12%); sugars 3g
I ordered this one also and its the same color as the original one I ordered ...... I don't think there is a difference but I don't know for sure...
One bag.
Yes they are I checked the Calbee website.
They are actually green peas.
They are reconstituted in the shape of a pea pod
Ingredients that potentially can trigger allergic reactions are reported because they pose a hazard to some people, even in trace amounts. I wouldn't think the trace amount threshold would apply to non-Kosher food produced in the same facility. If you trust the Pareve labeling and these are so-marked, go ahead and buy them. If you do not find the label, check with the Orthodox Union, www.oukosher.org, to see what they have to say, as their inspectors may have visited the production plant already. If you do purchase these, I can attest they are quite delicious.
17g total...6% of daily required intake
They are tucked away in the produce isle. You may have to ask for their location.
The listing is for 1 20oz bag.
Yes
Our goji are grown in China, but they are processed in USA. And what is more, the goji are sold only on Amazon. Thanks&#65281;
Hello, Our goji are very clean. You can use them as snack and they do not need to be rinsed. If you use them to cook soup or congee, you could put them in water and soak for a while. But please do not use boiling water. Because soaking with boiling water might lead to the loss of goji nutrition. You might see flocculent substance when you soak the goji. It is normal phenomenon, please do not be worried. Because the substance is goji nutrient. Thanks!
I do not see it listed on the label and I believe that if a certain percentage is used it must be labeled. If you are one of the 1% that is allergic, then I would get in touch with either the them or Amazon Customer Service. They are pretty helpful.
I'm sorry you have gotten one that's expired. Mine has an expiration date of 12/12/2015. In case you didn't notice it says 30 days unconditional return policy. I would just let Amazon know and they would probably send you another one when you return this one. Probably get it a lot faster than contacting anyone elsel. They are delicious by the way. They rehydrate very quickly.
Manufacturer does. Try to write them and ask this question.
Sorry, I don't know about that. But it does says USDA ceritfied organic.
Goji berries are native to China, so frankly I would expect these to come from China. I've only bought a few different brands of goji berries before but these seem fine to me--their color stays (meaning they are not dyed), they aren't too hard, and their flavor is nice. Personally, I like these.
Hello friend&#65292; Yes, of course there are newer goji berries. Please do not be worried. Our product has a large sale. Product updates fast. The goji which stored in Amazon warehouse all have the latest production date.
There is no added sugar. It's just plain whole Goji Berries.
Hello, coconut cream concentrate is whole coconut meat in concentrated form. It is more of a coconut butter. The dried coconut meat is ground very finely, giving it a creamy consistency due to its high fat content, much like other nut butters. Since it is 70% fat, it is a rich source of pure coconut oil. Note: this is a food, not a cooking oil. Currently, we do not sell the concentrate.
The label states it is free from BPA
Hello, with premium grade, unrefined organic coconut oil such has Thera Vita Paradise, there will be a slight scent and odor. It is in it's natural form.
30 oz
organic chocolate, organic cocoa butter, organic cocoa, organic raw cane sugar, organic vanilla extract. manufactured on equipment that processes milk, soy, tree nuts. made in Poland. kraft foods global. suitable for vegetarians. fair trade. questions: 1 877 299 1254
Sorry Douglas, I don't know. I ordered a while back and forgot.
The way you phrased your question ("your" dark chocolate), it sounds like you are asking the manufacturer. I recommend you contact http://us.greenandblacks.com/ to ask them about the different sugar content in their 85% cacao bars.
Each bar is individually wrapped, as shown in the picture
Hello Thank you for your email, we have had a couple of emails this week where there chocolate has melted due to the high heat they are having at the moment, i think they were in Florida and Georgia. Many thanks Gemma
Hello Thank you for your email, which site are you ordering off. It should definitely be free shipping on Amazon America and British Grocery and Amazon UK. Many thanks Gemma
The bar itself is wrapped in a sealed thin cover that appears to be a very lightweight thin foil, silver color inside and gold color outside...
Hello Unfortunatly we do not have cold packs available i am afraid. Many thanks Gemma
I'm not sure.
These are kcups for the keurig machines
the last time i ordered i received 6 boxes that held 12 k cups each. So yes 72 k cups
Nope
Yes it is :)
There are 12 K cups in each box.
12X6=72 in the USA
The jar says it contains 250g, which is equivalent to approximately 8.75 oz., 52.5 teaspoons or about 17.5 tablespoons according to an online conversion chart, if I did the math correctly. However the serving size is your choice. I hope this helps!
Raw foodists believe that enzymes in raw foods (such as amylases, proteases, and lipases) aid digestion. Heating food above 104-120 Fahrenheit (40-49 C) degrades or destroys these enzymes in food.
Calories - 20 Calories from fat - 0 Total fat - 0 Saturated fat - 0 Trans fat - 0 Cholesterol - 0 Sodium - 15 mg Total carbohydrates - 11g Dietary fiber - 0 Sugars - 7g Protein - 0
Yes
No
I would say no. But I prefer it cold, that is my preference. Some people I know carry it in their purse for convenience and they have no problems with it.
Yes, it sure is! 100% pure yacon syrup and nothing else. :)
Raw yacon syrup has not been heated above 118 degrees, keeping all the vital enzymes intact. :)
Once it has been opened it should be kept in the frig as I recall. I would call the manufacturer or look on the label if you are not sure.
I feel it is a great product and many people should learn more of benefit.
I pulled out a can I had on hand and checked for a BPA-free claim. Couldn't find anything so I sent a question to Oceans Natural. This is their response: "Thank you for contacting Ocean Naturals. We're thrilled that you like our tuna, and have been a fan since practically our beginning. As far as your BPA question: Ocean Naturals products are not manufactured with packaging materials (cans or lids) known to contain (BPA) Bisphenol A Diglycidyl Ether (BADGE), Bisphenol F, Diglycidyl Ether (BFDGE), or Novolac Glycidyl Ether (NOGE). These materials are not intentionally added to any of the packaging components we purchase. While some companies have decided to market their packaging as "BPA free" - as a brand we have stopped short of promoting the cans we use as "BPA free" for one reason. While it seems logical that 'free' means 'free', when it comes to product promises we have elected not to make such an absolute assertion without there being a clearly defined and established standard in place which outlines both a testing methodology and allowable levels we must meet in order to make such a claim. Hopefully a standard will be adopted shortly by the FDA and we can re-evaluate our decision about adding the claim to our package. I hope what I have shared is helpful. Thank you again for contacting Ocean Naturals. We are a young brand and appreciate your feedback. Thank you, Tricia Ocean Naturals"
If I'm remembering correctly what the company owner told me, American Samoa.
Disttributed by "the tuna store", bellevue, wa. Processed & packaged in thailand.
Can't imagine not draining or the tuna dish, etc. would be too watery. I do like this tuna very much, just wish it wasn't so expensive. jmg
I have never tried Wild Planets, but I do know one thing, the Skipjack is the best tuna I ever purchased in all my years. Texture, color, flavor, meaty and not mushy, so much nicer than the regular canned tuna I have purchased in stores. Plus I know where it comes from. I have stocked up.
There is a number on each can. You can go to their website and type on the number and it tells you where your tuna was caught, how it was caught, and who caught it. I tried it out. My can was caught in the South Pacific on the vessel San Columbia captained by Alec Aitken. The vessel is a New Zealand vessel. There are a few more things they talk about. The only problem is you have to buy the tuna and type in the number to figure that out. I guess you don't have to buy it if you have a smartphone and can do it in the store.
I emailed the company and asked. I got a very nice response but I am not quite sure of the answer. Thank you for contact us about Ocean Naturals. We understand and respect your concerns regarding BPA content, which is why we work with vendors that support our strict quality and production guidelines, respect our customer's requirements, while staying focused on consumer health and safety concerns. Ocean Naturals is not manufactured from materials known to contain Bisphenol A Diglycidyl Ether (BADGE), Bisphenol F, Diglycidyl Ether (BFDGE), or Novolac Glycidyl Ether (NOGE). These materials are not intentionally added components to any of our products. Thank you for contacting Ocean Naturals. We are a young brand and appreciate your feedback. I hope what I have shared is helpful.
Yes
The dimensions are 13 x 15 x 2 1/2 inches. There is plenty of room for the coffee maker and frother to sit on it.
15 DEEP AND 13 WIDE
Yes- this is what we have on ours, plus 3 bottles of Torani coffee flavourings...lots of room and sturdy!
Sorry....there's no such spring or anhthinf that moves the pods tomthe front. They're easy to reach from the back.
yes, but this coffee pod storage mesh was designed to fit under your nespresso. both will not fit.
It is not, it fits the nespresso capsules with very little room to spare
only if you height clearance is 1 inch, or a tad higher..
No problem at all
Tom, the bottom that the Nespresso coffee sits on is of sort of a black felt covered plastic that lifts out of the drawer. Don't know it that helps you at all. I'm not a painter, so cannot advise you otherwise. Good question.
The bottle says certified organic, it does not say USDA CERTIFIED ORGANIC.
Hi, yes it is the consistency of molasses. I don't think it taste bad.
Mine says "100% Pure Raw Organic" to the left of the picture of the root. It's in very small print but it's there.
Amazon's current "free shipping" means your minimum order purchase must be $35, or shipping will becharged. Look closely at the free Amazon shipping statement on the item's page.
Refrigeration is not necessary, however it is recommended to store in a place that is cool or room temperature.
I have used this in my coffee every morning for about 3 months with coconut milk. Makes a wonderful latte. This is normal coffee temperature. Have never heted Yacon to the boiling point, so have no knowledge of what happens to its properties then. I have lost 12 lbs. without trying, using this once a day latte. Have experienced other good results concerning my health.
This product is NOT a fructose sweetener. It is a high fiber prebiotic sweetener containing up to 50% FOS. FOS is not fructose. The label says 100% pure. No other ingredient is listed.
Roots
I'm guessing you're wanting to ask the seller, because each bag is different. As for mine, it was within date (still had about 6 months) but still tasted bad. It was burnt.
These beans are very oily. We grind them pretty fine and use them in a Mr Coffee machine.
The packaging of the Starbucks Italian Roast Coffee was brown in the display from which I ordered. Brown was the only color that I saw when I placed my order on March 10, 2014. Perhaps Starbucks has changed the package color.
fructooligosaccharides
13 calories per serving,
The bottle says 100% pure. Ingredients: Yacon syrup (Smallanthus Sonchifolus)
Hello, We do sell this product but not on the specifics you mention. We also ship free within the USA. So we have to conclude you did not purchase through our company. Best regards, BL Wholesale
Hi Karen, Bottle size is 8 oz ( 236 ml ). Thanks, BL Wholesale
First of all, every time I use it I shake the bottle so there is only a little bit that gets hard. I put some water in it and zapped in the microwave for about 10-15 seconds. It all gets liquid again.
I run hot water on the outside of the bottle it seems to thin it enough to shake it up
100% normal with that brand. I switched to Raw Food World organic Yacun . It's way better , fresher without that hardening
Not sure but it does have a laxative effect-but don't buy this brand the bottles are not full and very thin-buy the Royal Dark Yacon a little more expense but worth it.
Before I could finish the second bottle, a fine sugary substance settled to the bottom and I could only get it out by keeping the bottle lying on its side and poking it with a knife. I got the last bits out with hot coffee. It wasn't very sweet, though it was a very nice flavor, like brown sugar but the 2 bottles certainly didn't help with weight loss. I won't try any more yacon syrup, if that's what it was.
I no longer have the packaging and it was not required for this party. Sorry, I can't give you a better answer. The seller should be more helpful.
No they are not.
These are pretty large. Size of a quarter
80
I have tried them and they worked ok. The adhesive supplied with the drawer is industrial adhesive that can only be removed by scraping it off with a putty knife when applied to a clean dry surface. The only surface that this tape does not stick too would be particle board. Could you please try the following: 1. make sure the surface is clean and dry. 2. Confirm the side rails and drawers fit underneath the cabinet, and the side rails will rest flat against the bottom of the cabinet. 3. The tape has to be applied with a firm upward force to ensure it will adhere. If it still does not adhere properly we can send you new side rails with fresh adhesive tape.
Probably...if you pre-drilled pilot holes thru the plastic first. As I mentioned in a previous response, I have had amazing success with COMMAND strips. The kind advertised for use of hanging posters. The double-sided tape it came with lasted 2-days. The Commanf strips have been up almost a year with no sign of distress.
I don't know. I wouldn't suggest getting it. It already fell down. The sticky stuff never is sticky enough.
It is solid on the bottom, so tea bags may be able to be stored in it.
The pull down section is one piece molded plastic with dividers.
nope, 11" total with handle
about 5 inches
I believe the carafe cups are taller ? If so then no. You could get away with a little bit extra width but not height.
Just tape
You didn't mount the side rails straight enough. The same thing already to me. And unfortunately the adhesive isn't meant to be taken off and reapplied so I had to screw it to my cabinets (how it should have been anyway)
Thank you for purchasing our product Organic Ginger Nectar Concentrate. Please dilute it during consumption and save the bottle in your refrigerator once it is opened. For your question, the shelf life as determined by NUTRIDATA ( you may review their credentials online ) they suggest 4 to 6 months, stored at ambient temperature when bottle is not started. The bottle you just purchased can be stored that way for as long , however as you open it you may keep it in your fridge for a week or so in you like. Please let us know if you need further information
This concentrate of Ginger is bottled in 16 FL glass container
The mistake was mine , I am sorry, but the bottle is 16 oz. I would give some advise if I had an idea off how you intend to use the product
Hi Jo. This particular syrup is 100% pure yacon syrup which is made from the yacon root. It's something like a sweet potato, and I think it's grown in South America. There is no gluten, wheat or dairy...it's also not refined.
This is not a pharmaceutical or metabolism changing supplement. It's useful as a sugar substitute and helps cut cravings while the fiber content helps do what fiber does naturally. Fiber helps move your bowels and helps block fat/sugar from being absorbed in your intestines. It's best to take it about 15 minutes before meals as it cuts cravings and gives you a sugar/fiber boost to make you feel full sooner. The study this is based on only included older overweight women. They were given 4 teaspoons a day and it helped them lose 33 pounds over 2 months. This more than likely helped curb their appetite and the fiber helped a bit with gut bacteria and detoxifying their bowels allowing their bodies to drop weight without a lot of effort and making them feel a bit better. If you're not severely overweight and you already eat healthy you will not notice as much of an impact and if you make it a point to eat the same amount you were eating before even if you're not hungry then you will not notice anything either. As a sugar substitute it's great. It tastes like caramel mixed with coffee mixed with chocolate, and not in a bad way. It's thick so it sinks to the bottom of watery oatmeal but can give it a good flavor. I tend to keep my 4 teaspoons (the amount given daily in the study) in two oral syringes so I can take it before meals or add it to anything that I feel needs sweetening.
I think at some point you have to trust that the seller is providing the product that they are describing. I have not had any issues with my Yacon Syrup....it tastes similar to molasses but different. You definitely notice that you feel different and digestion is more efficient with the Yacon Syrup in your diet. Hope this helps.
The first bottle - yes! About 10 pounds. Bought bottle #2 and nothin!
As long as you can drink your coffee, it is not hot enough to kill the prebiotics of the Yacon Syrup.
Dr. Oz does not recommend any particular brand, but he does indeed recommend yacon syrup, and we believe ours is the best on the market. In fact, it took us several months to get the bottling line re-formatted for this product because it is so thick. Unlike other brands, we do not use sugar water or other fillers to thin the final product--our yacon syrup is 100% pure.
No Craig it does not. It's shelf stable and I love the taste! I always shake it up before having some.
Because the syrup is %100 Raw and natural, and not standardized (like many other brands do), it has the natural amount of FOS. And because Yacon Syrup is very rich in FOS it will usually contain closer to %50 then to %1. (standardizing is unnaturalizing, which is not what natural doctors and nutritionists recommend)
I had the same problem. What i did on my second bottle was to shake it each time before using and then when it was getting close to the end was adding a bit of water and shaking and micorwave for 10 seconds, seems to get it all. I hope this helps.
It doesn't actually have organic printed on the bottle but it is all natural and say's 100% pure. Maybe best to contact the company if you want to be absolutely sure.
The ones I received were more purple with a pretty blue center. If you actually want blue ones, I would contact the seller and let them know that.
Yes they come just like pictured!
They arrived in time (two day arrival) and the last about three weeks
I actually don't know much about flowers. The vendor could probably better answer your question.
No, it should not. If they came pre - dyed the dye is in the petals. You should have nothing to worry about.
Yes, we always have them in stock. They don't always turn all blue.
I'm not sure, but the picture is pretty accurate.
It reads: no gluten. no wheat.
There are 8 fl. oz.
It says it is on the bottle.
Hi Jedi ! This is a quality mistake from our side and we are Very sorry for the inconvenience we have caused you. We have increased quality control to ensure this will not happen again. Anyone that have received a bottle as you describe and feel unhappy should email us for a refund no questions asked. We have just sent out email to all our customers regarding this matter. Once again We are really Sorry for the trouble we have caused all our buyers we will receive the a new batch next week with with alot higher quality and without the bitter taste. North Sea Nutri
Yacon is grown in Peru and through our partner facility we make sure the Yacon does not get above 72 degrees at any time. We also make sure our bottles are no warmer than 85 degrees at the production plant ensuring its raw.
I have it at home and am not there at this time, so I can not answer that. I did not like it so stopped it. So sorry no help here.
I am in the health field, but I do not know what FOS is. The product is a healthy substitute for sugar, and is pleasant tasting. However, it is too expensive.
Mine was runny and light colored. It had absolutely no taste.
Hi Robin, Please message us through Seller Support we would be happy to process a credit. We do not get auto updates when a question is posted in the community.
The first syrup I bought said Raw on the label and is very dark in color, tastes better also. I don't know if this matters but I like the first one better.
Yea
Hi Mary, Core150 is designed for the accurate transportation of multiple supplement powders, vitamins and or fruit. To use, please remove the center compartments and then choose desired powder supplement serving of choice, add water to desired level, shake and consume. When compartments are removed this will create a 1 Litre bottle capacity allowing for the smoothest of shakes without the need for any mixing or blending gimmicks. The compartments do not touch the side of your bottle, so if you've not had a chance to rinse your bottle on the go, the remaining servings and core stack system will remain dry and mess FREE. Thank you!
Indeed - All Core150 products are BPA FREE.
Yes
The box I have doesn't say which machines it CAN be used in, it just states "not compatible with Keurig B30,B130, B150, B155, or Vue Brewers". My machine is a K-75 which is not on the list and they work just fine.
Yes the brew and save fit model B1 40. My in-laws have that model and they use their brew and save on a daily basis. You will love the savings!
The k-cup holds about 1-1/2 - 2 Tablespoons of coffee. If you overfill the refillable k-cup, the water does not filter through correctly so use the guidelines provided on the inside of the refillable k-cup.
I do
Can't tell but the 2.0 work on the Keurig just fine.
Yes
No
Sludge is part of the party. There are paper filters available.
No. Brew & Save is not compatible with the Keurig K130 (B130).
Yes it will work
Hi John, The only ingredient is whole organic sun dried bananas. There are no added sugars or chemicals. Hope this helps. Cheers, Baker St.
Hi JJ, These bananas are chewy. Let us know if you have any other questions!
Hi Burnzy, A pounds is just shy of 455 grams. Hope this helps.
1pound
These bananas are a product of Mexico and are certified USDA Organic.
Yes it does. Let's put it this way, it's all you need to use with your coffee maker an more. This will also let you use the K cups too.
When I use my own coffee I use both! the smaller one fits inside the the larger
The K2V-Cup comes with a refillable cup inside :)
Yes you can, I have for quite some time now and not experienced any issues.
I believe this product was made strictly as an adapter for the Vue Brewer. Works great in the Vue! Keurig makes a My-K Cup for the K series machines that allows you to brew your own coffee grinds.
yes it is
You need to fully seat the K cup into the adapter before putting the adapter into the machine. but first you will need to clean the brewer to get the grounds out of it or you will keep getting grounds!
I've never had a problem with any cup fitting, maybe make sure that you've pushed it all the way down?? Hope you figure it out
Did not work for my Vue Cloged up unit and caused it to stop working had to change filter and clean to get working again Don't waste your $
Your using the outer cup as well as the screen? Sure its a vue? Works great for mine.
8 pieces per box.
Jason-Thank you for your interest. We are glad you noticed this because as you've probably figured it is incorrect. This was corrected months ago with Amazon but I guess it never went through. We've been selling this product with no problems, with all that said the item should read 8 pieces, each box has 8 pieces. We will contact Amazon to re-do this. Thank you for asking the question. By the way this product is excellent if you decide to purchase it. Thanks again, Bill.
8 pieces per box.
8 pieces.
I generally mix my Best Raw Cacao in the blender with almond milk, protein powder, honey and a little vanilla, but it also blends well with regular milk and a little Stevia in my old Tupperware shaker bottle. It is very powdery, so I try to drop it in the middle of the liquid to prevent it from sticking to the side of the container. However, if that happens, just push it down with a spoon and reblend. I hope this helps.
Hi, thank you for asking! Joyfuel Cacao Powder is produced by using natural cold-pressing methods without solvents or chemicals to ensure all nutrients remain intact. Unlike cocoa, it is not roasted at high temperatures, rather, it is sun-dried. It is also relatively unprocessed and contains no sugar or cocoa butter. Roasting reduces the enzyme content of cocoa beans, thus lowering nutritional value. Raw cacao is made by cold-pressing unroasted cocoa beans, preserving enzymes and removing fat. What to expect? If you are trying raw cacao for the first time you'll need to make some adjustments, and here is why. Cocoa is sweeter, lighter, and more refined because it is highly processed. When trying cacao, you will notice it has a darker, more bitter taste, which is natural to chocolate. If you are used to the taste of cocoa (which has added sweetener already), experiment with the right amount of your favorite sweetener to suit your tastes.
I have made a variety of raw chocolate treats with this brand. I can honestly say all have come out successfully. Depending upon what you are making, and the other ingredients used, and the process, will all play a factor in the quality and success of the result of the finished product. So try it for yourself. I think you will be pleased.
A serving is considered 2 T which is what I use on average per use. The calories per serving is 60, so depending upon how you use it, calculate the calories of your other ingredients plus 60 calories for this product. I make a delicious smoothie with this product, plus unsweetened vanilla 2 cups hemp milk or coconut water (or 1/2 of each combined), 2 teaspoons matcha tea, 1 T chia seeds, few drops SweetLeaf liquid stevia Toffee flavor, plus the 2 T of the Best Organic Raw Cacao, and ice - yum, yum!!!
I don't know what the percentage is. It is dark. contact the seller, she is very nice and very helpful. :)
Hey Joshua, that is a "fair question". Our cacao comes from certified fair trade farmers in Ecuador, who are certified through the Fairtrade Foundation. Every package size requires an application to the certifying body to carry their logo, and we are in the process of obtaining the logo for our packaging (as well as organic certification). Until that time, we simply state that the product is fair trade since the source is indeed fair trade. Does that answer your question?
From my impression it is dark but not bitter. I believe it is raw chocolate. But once you cook with it, it has a wonderful flavor without any bitter aftertaste but I also sweeten with xylitol which might make some difference.
Hi Eli, thanks for your question. We do have plans to launch a cacao nibs product in the near future, we've already gotten rave reviews about it in our taste tests. Please go to our web site and sign up there to be notified when it is available (link is on the 2nd product image). I hope you'll give our powder a try in the mean time. :)
Hi Sargoli, thank you for your question, it's an important one. It's easy for anyone to claim to be organic, especially online. Our supplier is certified organic, however we can't display the certified organic logo until our product labelling goes through the same process. We just launched this product and so are in the process of getting the certification, and expect to have that within the next month. We can send you the certification from our supplier if you would like that assurance, until we have ours on the package. Thank-you again for your question, I hope you'll give our product a try. - Gerry UPDATE Mar 26, 2014: being new to the organic certification process, naive us discovered there is a mountain trail of paperwork and steps to follow. Who knew? This is going to take a few more months still, and much time, unfortunately. Double discouraging given the supplier is already certified, makes one wonder the value in these detailed processes.
My daughter is very sensitive to soy and she loves this cocoa and has never had any issues.
Yes
We have not had that issue with any of our dogs, I would supervise and encourage them to grab the proper place on the toy and not on the pole itself.
Ours is 49" above the top of the metal stake part that goes into the ground (which atm is about 4" above ground level), the tug part that hangs down is about 48". If I pull it as hard as I can I can get the end to about 90" away from the ground stake.
Yes
It comes with a base that you can hammer in or use a mallet. Then you just slide the pole into the base.
Yes, the base drives into the ground about 14", the rod just fits and swings freely around in a circle. Of course any pet should be supervised.
Generally at least a year. The puffs I have now expire April 2015
you have to get in touch with Amazon if they ship to china because they do the fulfillment for us. Exp is early next year.
Yes - I started giving them to my baby at around 8 months. They dissolve almost right away.
My son got them at 6 months I think
It's long time ago,so the expire day isn't useful for you.
The strawberry and purple carrot & blueberry flavors both say 0 sodium and a serving is about 75 pieces (about 9 per container)
1 gram per serving. A serving is about 1/2 a cup or 75 puffs.
each of the six containers are 2.1 ounces
I just ordered these. Yes they are all gluten free (no wheat, soy, or corn)
There is no "added" sodium...but there are several different sodiums that are used in the curing of pork (pink salt, a.k.a. Prague powder, contains table salt and sodium nitrite, and is used in the curing of meats such as ham, bacon and sausage. While these are typically washed off of the meat as part of the process, the salts have by that time seasoned the meat to a degree (different in each type of meat, and dependent on the size of the cured meat and the amount used). Labeling law only requires that the label note all ingredients used in the manufacture of the product, in this case, the Hot Belly product itself...the bacon that it was made from was already cured, so as an ingredient it was simply listed as "bacon". I hope this answers your question, Ernestine...if not, please let me know and I'll try to do my best to help. Happy cooking!!
Absolutlely!
No it does not. It is pure bacon grease with very little preservative to keep the product stable.
This IS real old fashion Bacon Grease. The only difference is that it is clean. You will be able to tell as soon as you open the jar. The product is great and the company is great. I have ordered it three times already!
It can be stored in the pantry until you open it and then it needs to be in the fridge. It actually says refrigerate after opening on the container. My ex roommate left it out and it turned to mush.
I don't know. What I do know is that the plastic containers are pretty fragile. I managed to crack two of the three I bought. However, I have put each one in a plastic baggy until I need it. The product is quite good [used some last night to scramble eggs in] but the packaging could use an upgrade. I think if you handle them carefully when you get them you should be okay. I was just a little careless.
The label says 0mg of sodium. I should also say that I can't really recommend the product. Its has a different flavor than the bacon grease that I have saved from my own cooking. Your experience may be different.
Our product has no salt, no sugar, no carbohydrates and no trans-fat. It's gluten free. Just Rendered Bacon grease.
Hey Patricia. There is no shelf life. I would just refrigerate after you open the container.
It has been shown to have anti-inflammatory effects - so if you have inflammation in your back, worth a try! Don't forget other alternative treatments too like exercise - Treat Your Own Spinal Stenosis and Treat Your Own Hand and Thumb Osteoarthritis are both good books.
It states on the bottle that turmeric comes from the rhizome of the Curcuma longo plant. I am assuming the curcumin is in the capsules as it is part of the same plant, and to advertise the ingredient on the bottle without it being IN there would be illegal. The product WORKS...that is what I am concerned about.
No rice. 1 capsule contains 500 mg organic tumeric (curcuma longa) & 5 mg black pepper (BioPerine ( (fruit). Other ingredients: vegetable capsule (veggie caps), no fillers, binders, or artifical ingredients. Suggested use: adults take one to three capsules per day. in divided doses, between meals. Store in a cool place. I will order again.
I do know that Curcumin has benefits to the brain by reducing the alzheimers causin amyloid plaques that build up in the brain. I'm sure this would help with the brain fog. The bioperine (black pepper) helps with absorbsion of the tumeric in the body.
I'm taking this for my low back chronic pain
5 mg of Black Pepper bioperine (Fruit), 500 mg organic turmeric (curcuma longa) (Root)
it is black pepper.BioPerine is an extract obtained from the black pepper fruit that is cultivated in the damp, nutrient-rich soil regions of southern India. The delicate pepper berries are harvested just prior to ripening and then sun dried to assure optimum maturity and quality.
yes
Do your due diligence and check this company out online.
Yes only curcuma and pepper in it.
Hi Lori, this product is derived from the yacon root. It looks very similar to a sweet potato and the actual root has a sweet taste even though it is low glycemic. The syrup is manufactured from the carbohydrates in the yacon root, and extracted so that it is highest in FOS inulin fiber which promotes probiotic health and metabolic maintenance when consumed.
I really can not answer that for you but I can say that instead of loosing any weight using this I gained 10 pounds quickly.
Hi Claire, the product does indeed contains 50% FOS fiber but yacon syrup in general does not exceed 50% FOS, otherwise it wouldn't be in a liquid form at room temperature because it would be mostly fiber.
Hi! This yacon syrup is thicker than many others, therefore it has more calories (albeit a very small amount). It is sweeter and more concentrated and has a higher concentration of FOS inulin fiber in it, which makes it a thicker, more viscous liquid. This is a good thing if your goal is to maximize FOS content, which benefits digestion, probiotic health and also boosts metabolic rate. It's also ideal for cooking if you choose to use this as a natural sweetener in cookies or desserts, since a little goes a long way. Many also rate the thicker yacon syrups to have a better taste since they are more concentrated. These types of products tend to have an overall negative effect calorie wise, meaning that ingesting them up a certain amount can actually take more calories to utilize and have an overall negative caloric affect. So if you consume a teaspoon which is 13 calories, it might take 4 calories to fire up your digestive system to process these calories and it may also boost your metabolism by 4 calories and improve your gut health so that other meals are better absorbed and digested (nutrient utilization from increased probiotic activity). You may also feel better and become more active from improved gut health, etc. so don't focus too much on the calories because they are quite insignificant when this is mainly FOS inulin fiber with so many other benefits! These are just estimates and everybody's body is different, but I'm using them to help illustrate that calories in don't always equal calories out with certain macros.
Hi Redcat, this yacon syrup is premium because it is much more concentrated and thicker than other yacon syrups on the market. It has a higher percentage of FOS inulin fiber, which is the primary ingredient in yacon syrup that is responsible for the health benefits. Other yacon syrups are more runny and much less concentrated, which dilutes the flavor and also the health benefits. Premium = Concentrated in this regard.
Peru
With any of the brands of authentic Yacon syrup that I have tried, I find it is necessary to shake it vigorously before every use. I also flip it upside down after every other use to keep the solids thoroughly mixed. If you don't do that from day one, what you describe happens. When that has happened to me, I put a little hot water into the bottle and shake it until it is the consistency that allows it to pour. Most brands do not say "refrigerate after opening" though I think this brand may say that. I do not refrigerate mine because it does make it much harder to shake and remove from the bottle.
I don't know the answer to your question. But if you are buying this product for weight loss, save your money. It's snake oil! I used it for several months and it did nothing.
It is manufactured extensively for: Oceanside Health 2316 N Batavia St., Ste. 130 Orange, CA 82865
I would not. shake it hard, and set it on its lid. Shake several times a day. After about a day empty into a wide mouth container. I will put it into hot water for 10-20 mins and then pour. I also micro wave it for about 10 sec. and rep our. I get the vast majority of it that way.
I just asked the same thing, what is there a coconut shortage?
A big bag of 7 packages. Worked out well - I could open one package of seven wraps and the rest were still sealed. Hope this helps.
I've had unopened ones sitting around for a month or so now, and they taste exactly the same as the fresher ones. Opened, I'd say you still have at least a couple of weeks. They seem to be a largely dehydrated product, so from my experience they seem unlikely to perish for a really long time.
Maybe, they are kind of stiff. They are way too sweet for my tastes. The texture is off putting also I fed mine to our chickens.
Currently this item is not on Prime but we are restocking and free shipping will be available once on Prime again.
Yes, within 1 to 2 weeks
I think so -- but since all that is in there is coconut, they don't even need refrigeration. I have kept them in the fridge for several months with no problems, just to be safe.
I've never had that problem! I keep mine in an airtight ziplock in the fridge. It is resealable... But sometimes a little tricky to close completely.
I am not sure what you are asking, if you mean do you have to cook these wraps, the answer is no. They are ready to use and are delicious. They are an excellent substitute for a tortilla or aram style wrap. I have found endless uses for these Paleo wonders.
There aren't any "packets". This is the pouch it comes in. And that's what I paid when I bought it and why I was upset at the cost.
Yes, I used parchment paper and it came out pretty darn good.
Depends on your individual needs. I almost ate the whole pizza it was so good. But, if you're watching carbs or calories or both, probably 1/4 of the pizza. I made it on my pizza stone and it nearly covered it so it was about 14" and wasn't thin but had a nice hand-tossed size to it. Even my two-year old ate it, it's that good.
There is no soy in this product.
The fat count per serving is 7 grams, 0.5 saturated, trans fat 0. Sodium is 15 mg per serving.
Arrowroot flour
Yes soy free :)
Almond flour, arrowroot flour, pumpkin powder, dried egg whites, xanthan gum
Yes, it will be back as soon as Amazon is replenished. Thank you.
12 net grams per SERVING! There are 144 grams in the package which is one 14" or 2 10" Pizzas
The taste is wonderful as long as you do not use too much. It is bitter if you overdue. Used in a smoothie it is just like Starbucks green tea frappuccino.
I usually use a half tea spoon for 11-12oz. That is my personal preference. You may want to play around with it and see where you like it at. Also, starbucks Greentea latte's are usually sweetened unless you ask otherwise. I like to put honey or stevia in my home made Matcha.
Doesn't say on package. Sorry
My came as 1 lb.
I think it is the tea bags....so you can carry it with you to a restaurant or something.
It says 9 ounces now. Maybe it was a mistake.
I think it is from japan.
yes. it contains lead and radiation
Yes, these Chia Seeds will sprout.
I do not know. Is there something special (good or bad) about salba chia
I only received one. Not sure why they show two.
Chia is inherently raw - never heated. It is also grown on land that is in the process of organic certification (actually already has it) although we are still going through necessary steps to produce bags and certified facilities to package it. The chia is organic, and the certification for the actual bag, along with the certifying agency will appear on inventory in the next few weeks.
Though I have studied nutrition for 30 yrs, I am not licensed to counsel. If it were me, I'd have no concern. That said, it would be a good idea to do a search online to health-related sites that focus on natural remedies and alternative means for good health:-) Good luck! (There's lots of sites out there. Hippocrates Institute is one of my fav's as it is nearby)
On the package it say's these seeds are 100% natural, pesticide-free, gluten-free, GMO-free. No USDA Organic Symbol or raw.
Honestly, I don't know if they give me more energy. I do know they make me feel fuller after a meal .... I put them in a protein shake. I like to believe they are giving me more mental clarity but don't know how to gage that. Hope this helps... I like them that's for sure!
It is the leftover leaf material that cannot be removed. The powder is very fine and consistant.
No Maltodextrin or any other cutting fillers. This appears to be pure refined whie stevia, with extreme potentcy, and perhaps a little less bitterness than the stuff I have been using up till now.
Mine says York, PA :)
I want to know this, too. I've been buying pure stevia powder from Vitamin Shoppe so I'm wondering if there will be a difference from what I'm used to. How can this stuff seem so much sweeter?
Yes, they do. The ingredients list butter as the fourth ingredient.
Buttery soft. Very high quality. My clients love them
All the mints are white.
These are only 1 mint per bag. But you can order the ones with 2 mints per bag.
on my bag it says best if sold by august, 2014. I can't imagine anything going bad after that!
To do these custom we would have to enter the information with our sales group to get pricing for you. We also would need to know what quantity you would need. As for how quick they would ship, custom again would come from that group when we quote it for you. If you want them non-custom, just as you see them, then they ship within 24 hours of order.
the container states there are 15 servings per container at 30g per serving
Opened 6 months as long there kept in there liquid. 1 year shelf life unopened
Bursting Boba does not contain gelatin.
15.8 oz. per tub...
Hi Jacob, the flavors are Strawberry, Mango, Passionfruit, Kiwi, Blueberry, and Pomegranate. Each set of the party pack will include one of each six, the flavors are set.
Hi Anthony, Sorry we do not ship to Puerto Rico. Best Regards, David
Hi, Sorry we do not ship internationally at this moment. Best Regards, David.
Yes. Keep the nutrients low though.
From 1" to 2 1/2". Just got my second batch for this year (this is their 1st year) and berries are even bigger. And a very large second crop. Great strawberries.
There weren't instructions in my pack, either, but I found lots of info online.
Those are ever berring
I do not have that information, but they were very healthy plants and produced fruit quite well during their first season after planting.
I planted these strawberries in August here in South Florida, but that is not necessarily a good time to plant them because of the extreme heat here in South Florida. Some of my plants died. I would recommend they be planted around this time or spring to get a good root system. Because I lost some of my plants I did not cut off the runners because you can transplant them. They are growing fine now and are just starting to produce strawberries. I started using the Garden Tone for Herbs and Vegetables once a month and this has helped my strawberries grow. I grow them in a raised garden and use organic cow manure and top soil. I also work in a small amount of Lambert potting soil as crazy as this sounds it has worked for me. If you are in a hot climate I would recommend you start them as soon as you have them shipped. I hope this helps you. I learned from trial and error. If I get a good crop I am planning on ordering some more of these strawberries for another raised garden that I have just built.
I bought from the same vendor, but I am not the seller. Most of mine died early on, but prob bc I planted too deep around the roots. I read that if you pluck the flowers during first fruiting, the next harvest will be exponentially fuller. Good luck!
They have now been planted about 10 days
Yes, we have shipped many of our boxes to APO AE addresses.
Pretty much what's pictured here came in our box. If you mouse over the image on the product page, you can see a magnified view. There is a nice variety of sweet and salty with several options that are high in protein: nuts and nut mixes as well as really good granola.
No - no jerky, pork rinds, etc. I don't know if tgw composition of the box is always the same, but the focus was healthy chips, granola bars, fruit snacks.
I sent to my son in the hospital in another town and I didn't get to see the physical selection but he was completely satisfied.
Joseph - in an effort to add more variety to our box we made some changes including eliminating 1 pistachio so that we could add a new product. The product description is accurate and does add up to 45 items.
There is not msg
Thank you for inquiring about our product. We do not offer a nut free box at this time.
Many of the snacks would be great for toddlers. You should be able to tap on the picture of the box of snacks from Snack Naturally and see the items up close. There are a few bags of popcorn - so that is one consideration and there are a few items with nuts - a second consideration. I like your idea, however, as I used to have to bring snacks to preschool. I am planning on sending a box out to my firstborn who is heading off to college. I will also send a box when it is my turn to send the snack for the high school field hockey players. Many kids these days are surprisingly health conscious so they love it! Good luck!
Unfortunately because of how the box is packaged the option of inserting a gift message into the box is not available. If you contact amazon directly they might be able to offer a solution.
Most are about an inch long or so, I break them up a bit. Of course when you get to the bottom of the bag there are more crumbs, I just pour them in a bowl, they love them. Hope this helps!
IT Says NOT FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION. Wuvera makes one that the rep told me is given to troops in Europe, so that one may be human grade.
When placing my order in the past, I've only ordered and received one bag. I usually order from Chewy.com since I find that their prices are a bit lower.
Our 15 year old cat is also on the low iodine diet for the same reason. We use these treats crumbled on top of his canned prescription food to make it more tempting for him. We have been doing this (with our vet's approval) for about two years now and our cat is nice and fat and healthy and the treats do not affect his iodine levels in any way. Hope that helps! :)
I don't know the country of orign, but it is USDA approved, if that helps.
very easy and its their favorite "Crack" nothing gets them excited more than this chicken and turkey freeze dried....world class...good luck...even try them crumbled a little as well
It is a resealable pouch with a ziplock like closure. i keep mine in an additional ziplock bag to keep it fresh. This product is awesome
Blondie, Our vanilla should be fragrant. It is also fresh ground just before shipping to Amazon so the batch shouldn't be old. Please send us an email with your Amazon order ID to service@terrasoul.com and we can process a refund for you if you're not satisfied with your purchase. Best Regards,
I put it on oatmeal and don't add anything to it. It tastes great as is.
I don't think there is any sugar added. It's not sweet at all and those are just naturally occurring sugars. On a side note I found this powder to be very gritty and smokey. Not smooth vanilla bean.
Actually, I just tasted the powder before answering this question. I almost didn't taste any sugar, it is so little.
Good question and I just tossed the bag. I think not. This isn't my favorite vanilla powder but if you need a fair amount it is not to bad.
The bag contains 113 grams of powder. Great product, I love it for jam making in particular.
Based on taste I'd estimate 1 tsp of vanilla extract = 1 TBSP of vanilla bean powder
It says on the label : Certified Organic Vanilla Beans ( Vanilla Planifolia) Product of Indonesia. Doesn't say anything about the processing
Alicia, This is a natural minimally processed food so there will be some variation from batch to batch and each batch is tested. Please feel free to contact us at service@terrasoul.com with your Amazon order ID so we can offer you a refund if you received a bag that doesn't meet your needs. Best Regards, Terrasoul Superfoods
Insulated sealed, frozen, padded aluminum looking bag, that is packaged in a box.If you go to their Facebook page "Juice from the Raw" you will see pictures from customers, myself included. Also honest customer comments, most are positive and a very very few not so. Hopes this helps, they really are delicious.
Use the numbers on the bottle. There should be three number 13 number 273 number threes. All the way up to number six. Choose any number one for your first day for breakfast. Then drink number two, three, four, five, six. Drink them every 2 1/2 to 3 hours. The last one should be around 8 o'clock at night before bed.
Intro Info - Juices will be shipped FROZEN to maintain Freshness. Juices will arrive cold, and must be put in freezer till ready to use - hope this helps
I believe I read that they said you can have one raw vegetable, but for cleanses you should not eat anything solid at all. One of the main points of a cleanse is to give your digestive system a break. If you are eating veggies then your body has to digest whole foods again
I think it doesn't contain it at all but some of them were sweet though.
The whenever cleanse
They stay good frozen up to 6 months
I did lose a couple of pounds from this detox, but honestly, if your intent on losing weight then you would need to continue with a proper diet right after.
They include an instruction card with the shipment, #1detox greens, #2pineapple #3sweet greens, #4spicy lemonade #5root veggies #6coconut
I don't see why not. I've done this and other cleanses and gone to the gym. If I'm feeling a little low-energy or off - I'll stay home and do a little light yoga.
You conduct research by doing a search on google as follows, " Is tea grown near Fukushima?" . You learn very interesting details on the subject. Tea only grows in specifics climates and tempetures. Fukushima is to cold to grow tea. Also it'll help you to look at a map of Japan. Itll give you a visual perspective on where in Japan tea growers cultivate tea. Most have cultivate tea in those same regions for hundreds of years. There are three main place in Japan where tea in grown. Shizuoka, Kagoushima, and Uji are the most vommon places. Kagoushima for example in located on one of the Japanese islands over a thousand miles away. I couldnt for the life of me find the company website though, however i do know tea isnt grown in or around Fukushima. Continue researching on where tea is grown in Japan, along with some of the locations ive provided. And if its intrigues you then why not research where tea is grown around the world. Its pretty cool if you love tea that much and where all you foods are grown and its content. Good luck on your shopping decision making. I honestly i have no complaints on this product.
I'm a Type 1 Diabetic, and this does not impact my blood sugar at all. Green tea naturally doesn't have sugar in it. Most companies that sell pre-brewed tea (Brisk, Arizona, etc) have added it. Also, I just found this after posting: http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/custom/2190562/2?quantity=2.0
Match is finely ground young tea leaves. Grinding the whole leaf gives you all of the nutrients. It is best stirred into hot water with a whisk for tea. My personal favorite is a matcha smoothie. 1 tsp matcha per cup of milk/ 1 cup of ice per cup of milk/ some vanilla and add sweetener of your choice.
I needed more, so waited to respond until it arrived so I could weigh it. Product and package weighs exactly 16 oz. The empty package weighs 0.25 oz.
I mix 1/3 teaspoon of the powder with 38 ounces of cold water to make iced green tea. It does not dissolve completely, but it does color the water green and tastes like brewed green tea only very strong. Some sediment will fall to the bottom, but if you swirl your cup before taking a drink, it mixes it up nicely and you won't be getting any tea leaf texture. I have found it unnecessary to use hot water or brew it. Your personal tastes will dictate whether this approach works for you.
I just looked at my bag of tea, and there is no indication as to country of origin. It's really great tea, with a strong matcha flavor & I am glad I purchased it.
Hello, The matcha really comes from Nishio of Japan. Thanks!
its good for ever, don't worry about expiration, they are there to make you through things away , not totally true but with moringa it is a dried preserved leaf flour that in my opinion doesn't go bad
bad residue in cup after drinking...very hard to scrub off sides so i dont want to think what is lining my insides so i stopped drinking the tea
You can contact the company on tbeir website to ask them. I am not a purist when it comes to bulletproof coffee. I put heavy whipped cream in mine too .
Jane...The vanilla powder used in LipiX Instant Edge is organic. This is what our supplier's certification claims "Made exclusively from a blend of the highest quality prime organic vanilla beans grown and sunshine cured. This "made with organic" vanilla powder features a classic rich and creamy vanilla flavor". Hope this is useful. LipiX Team
70mg for 2 tps
Def don't need to add more oil. The oil rises to the top and its a decent amount per serving. Coffee has a strong bitter taste as black coffee, otherwise good coffee.
yes
Just hot water and spenda. I drink it before cardio only. Works for me.
Amazon may require additional shipping fees. At the time of check out, you are likely to see. If you are not able buy on Amazon, please contact our customer service at buylipix.
The MCT oil brakes down the styrofoam
Doesnt have specific ingredients on the label Says Medium Chain Triclycerides and instant coffee Contains tree nuts and coconut
Hello..Each jar has 180 g. That makes it 36 teaspoons per jar. i hope this is useful. Lipix Team
The upgraded version has the needle built in the K-cup adapter and the single cup coffee adapter snaps firmly so no more coffee grounds flowing out messing up the Keurig.
I don't know about Kuerig 2.0, but I know that Kuerig does not support the use of this for the Vue. If it breaks your machine, which it did to mine, they will not honor the warranty.
Hello CEOMOM, Yes, when my wife called Keurig, directly, they advised against the K2V accessory. They shared that it was problematic and was responsible for the damage. They also forewarned us that future use of such an adapter, purchased from a third party would void our factory warranty.
Yes I do
I don't drink coffee so, I've used it to make the ice tea and it's no problem. I love the converter!
I think it would mine is a 700
I haven't tried it personally, but I don't see why not. I have used loose leaf tea and it does well. I myself would have no problem trying it. I love my K2V cup. M
Are you pressing the K cup down into the adapter cup so it gets punctured with the little pointy thing in bottom? Unless your adapter is defective & doesn't have it. I've not had any over flows!
that one is the newer version.
I have not taken my Vue700 apart yet to clean as I have only owed it for less than 30 days. I will run vinegar cut with water through it soon. The K2V adapter works perfectly with regular K-cups in these new Keurig machines.
Dear DellDirect, Our s'good muffins are priced at $24.95 per Power Pack which comes out to $4.99 per serving. We hope you take the opportunity to try this tasty, nutritious, and convenient product. Thank you for your interest in s'good muffins! s'good muffin team
DellDirect, Each power pack contains 5 individual muffin packets. Each muffin packet is good for one delicious, fresh s'good muffin. More information will be available on this page shortly. In the meantime, feel free to visit our website: www.sgoodmuffin.com for more information or find us on facebook or twitter. Let us know if this answers your question. Regards, s'good muffin team
Doug, Your s'good muffins do not need to be refrigerated. Do store them in a cool, dry place if you have the self discipline not to eat them all right away :) Thank you for the question. Hope you enjoy your order! s'good muffin team
Thank you for your inquiry. The oil is refined bleached and deordorized. It is a solvent extracted. Thank you and have a great day.
Here's what's on the label of my jar of Premium WHITE Coconut Popping and Cooking Oil: Ingredients: Pure white coconut oil Note: Great Northern also has a Premium YELLOW Coconut Popcorn Popping Oil, which has pure coconut oil and beta carotene as its ingredients. Hope that helps.
I am not entirely sure. It does have an expiration date. It doesn't have to be stored in the fridge but I do if I am not using it all the time.
Thank you for your inquiry. This is made in the USA. Thank you and have a great day.
Thank you for your inquiry. This is one gallon and the shipping weight is 9 pounds. Thank you and have a great day.
Thank you for your inquiry. I apologize but the weight is 9 lbs. Yes you may use the oil for cooking. Thank you and have a great day.
Thank you for your inquiry. This is processed. Thank you and have a great day.
My brother bought some and his container says December 2015.
Thank you your inquiry. This is thick coconut oil and I would think you could but I so do not have the information on oil pulling and I am unsure. I apologize.
Yes there is an opening in both of the two bone shaped carriers. They are easy to tear off. I never review amazon products but I am very satisfied with these and have never had one with a hole in them.
Lightly scented - a pleasant smell, like dryer sheets. The scent isn't like most poop bags (those often smell like a port-a-potty!)
The bags don't have handles.
No, they are not.
Each bag measured 9" x 13" and the rolls fit in standard dispensers, however 2 dispensers are included. Thank you for shopping with Oliver's Pet Care!
They seem to be about the same as a grocery bag. I have had them for the last two months for our new dog and have not had any break. I would buy again.
Hi Sandra Ross. Generally speaking, non dairy creamers are bad because they usually contain hydrogenated oils and other cheap ingredients. This however is not the case with Bio Coffee. Our non dairy creamer is with vegetable fat from palm kernel and glucose syrup from tapioca starch (which comes from the cassava root). All ingredients are plant based, not hydrogenated, soy free, gluten free, kosher and contain no monsanto or GMO's. This is truly The Healthiest Coffee in the World. Even our sweetener, oligosaccharide, is extracted from chickory root. This makes it low on the glycemic index and easily absorbed by the body. Our ingredients were carefully selected due to their high amounts of fiber which aid our product in being the digestive aid that it is. Bio Coffee only comes one way and the ingredients should meet all health concerns such as yours. See for yourself by taking the 12 Day Challenge and feel free to let us know if you have further questions. Bio Coffee Customer Service
Yes, the expiration date is March 27, 2015.
Yes. The $79.96 is for 4 boxes containing 16 packs per box for a total of 64 packs.
There are 16 packs per box. That's $1.25 per serving.
1 package per order. They are very good! I highly recommend them!
You can fry them up in them up in coconut oil or bake them either way. They will bake or fry very very fast so keep a close eye on them. We also have over 500+ recipes & how to videos on our blog.
Sure, we can do any size you would like at Natural Zing LLC 866 Raw Zing.
I do not see a certified kosher label on it anywhere.
They do not require refrigeration, it says so right on the label. I keep mine in a gallon sized ziploc.
Yes for sure. I feel completely satisfied and thank you for reminding me I'm out and need to reorder &#128513;
We don't detect bitterness, but we always eat them with tasty filling:) my 7 yr old daughter has eaten them plain!
The company told me not to freeze them when I inquired. The shelf life is very long-9 months, I think.
I have not but they are delicious with mayo and hamburger and cheese.
No, not at all. These are great too! Only coconut and coconut oil, with turmeric as extra flavoring.
Yes, it is packed extremely well and it will arrive un-crushed.
5grams of naturally occurring sugar. It is not added to the cereal
I'm not sure how they package it now but a few months ago it was one 11oz box for $11.
I got mine a couple months ago and it was broken up chunks as well. That was my first time buying this product, so I don't know how the texture was before. But yes, mine was broken chunks too.
The product does come in a box. It is packaged just like "regular" cereal. Only, where, for example, Cherios are in a plastic bag inside the carton, this cereal is in a foil bag inside the carton. What type of foil, I do not know.
Yes it is, tastes very sweet but that's just the natural coconut flavor.
We still sell this on our site for & $8.99 + shipping. Now that the product is fulfilled on Amazon Prime and includes shipping fees which are about $5.44 in total to sell this product and fulfill it/ship it. $12.99 is far better price than we can offer from our site which is & $8.99 + $10 In shipping on amazon it's just $12.99 and includes shipping
When looking today (8/29) it is back through Prime. Just ordered my first box!
The best of my knowledge there is no added sugar. There are only 3 ingredients in this: coconut meat, coconut water, & organic palm starch. Coconut is naturally sweet.
It will be back on Prime In week we just sold out way quicker than expected.
