The height is 27.25" and the outer diameter of the top lip is 21"
Rubbermaid makes a tandem dolly to hold two of these, but it's crazy expensive (at least for a private homeowner). I don't know about a cart, though. Why don't you compare the measurements to your cart, though? You can even see the can at your local hardware store and measure it there to make sure you're getting the correct measurement at the widest point (which seems to be that flared rim, not the top of the container).
4
We use the "Hefty" 33 GAL trash liner bags with cinch tops. Those 33 GAL liners require a slight stretch so they have good purchase around the top of the model Rubbermaid Commercial FG263200GRAY BRUTE Heavy-Duty Round Waste/Utility Container, 32-gallon, Gray Rubbermaid Commercial FG263200GR... I hope it helps. Bill
I would think that it would work in that application. Short of a metal drum I can't imagine any poly trash can being more sturdy than this one. It is very heavy gauge material.
Yes you can put another one inside this one plus the round dolly will fit it to, It works out nice I out a bag in it an pick up thing then bag it up
3
The diameter of the bottom of the can is 17.5 inches.
18.25"
Yes, it must be soaked for only 60 seconds. I soak it a bit longer........easier on my arthritis when I wring it out. I love this sponge because it pretty much squeegees the floor.......virtually no drying time needed. Those other mops that have those cellulose sponges just smear the water around the floor, and take forever to dry. This one also has deep grooves, which grab the dirt instead of moving it back and forth. I love this mop!
If you figure it out, let me know! Frustrating to say the least!
There are still a few little pieces...i didn't use a pair of scissors, just kind of peeled it off as best as I could...not sure it matters that there are a few very small areas where there are still cellophane
Yes, I've used it with Murphy oiled soap and it's great.
The handle extends to that of a standard mop; and it retracts to about half the length......about the middle of the pole. You'll love this mop! Hope this helps ;-)
Amazon is requesting an answer, but there is not question. If you have this mop, the refill is wonderful. This mop will last a long time. You probably won't need a refill for years. Best mop I've even had. Excellent for hard wood floors.
NO. It will likely fall apart right away.
It depends on how much dirt is being picked up, but even when I've had a mess to clean up it only takes a few rinses to get the water from the mop to run clear. So far I've found it to be a good mop- but you really must get the mophead completely wet before you can squeeze it - otherwise it's improssible to get the handle that squeezes the mophead to work. Once it's wet though, it works fine. It is slightly larger than other sponge mops I've used which makes cleanup quicker and the mophead is dense and sturdy.
I think this would be your best bet. You must presoak the mop head adequately before use. The first time I used the replacement I soaked the head for an hour. Hubby said we should make sure it was wet clear to the core. Since then I have never had to resoak since it is in constant use. I use castlie soap and clorox in my water. There is constantly a bucket of clean water sitting around. I do not leave the mop in the water. I clean after use and wring out well. Then I just leave it sitting next to the bucket. With 2 shelter rescues and a 5 month-old puppy mill rescue, it is in constant use. Urine on the floor is the norm around here. Nothing has affected the mop head. There are no bits and pieces of foam coming off of the head even after the daily abuse. Constantly using the clorox has not harmed it. You will feel the head soften a bit over time which has allowed me to use it on a tiled floor and still get the grout clean. I hate mopping and this is the first one that I actually like using. It has been in constant use since June and the head is still in great shape. Also, unlike other mops, the head is secured to the handle with large screws. No breaking of plastic nuts or poles causing replacement before the head is actually totally worn out. I believe that this is the perfect mop for your facility. It will definitely be getting the kind of abuse that I give it everyday.
I have no used bleach with this mop- I would put Clorox Clean-Up on the tile area that was dirty and later mopped it up with my other sponge mop being wet at the time. Not sure about straight clorox. I generally use white cleaning vinegar to make the floor nice and clean but sometimes bad spots do need cleaing Clorox.
It is the standard fine, but if you use it with the filter that's already there it may be easier to clean the filter faster. It also may cut down on how often you have to clean the filter. I'm thinking this sleeve may catch most of the pet hair.
Don't know. Not familiar withe the stinger.
Hi! The cylindrical shaped filter Is for dry waste.. it comes off and this foam filter is used in its place for water, with the paper vacuum bag also removed.
no, new item to try out. so far so good.
I bought this one for a one gallon wet/dry vac so I doubt it will fit a 12 gallon one. You will need to get one for your size vac.
I am not sure about that but it sure as heck did not fit the vac I have after it was shown to fit my model.
No. The housing your trying to cover extends approximately 9" down and this foam sleeve is approximately 5" tall. That means their is approximately 4" of uncovered housing that will be subject to sucking up water into areas it shouldn't be.
I don't know what an L250 is. I know for certain that it will work for a 5 gal. and 14 gal. Shop Vac., because I have both sizes. These filters go over the motor housing, not over a cartridge filter. If used alone, it is only for wet pick-up, not dry. Use some other option or combination for dry: cartridge filters, disposable bags, or reusable paper filters. Once, when I bought a new shop vac it came with a slightly larger , orange foam filter that was specially designed to fit over a cartridge filter. It was a very useful combination, but this particular item doesn't seem to be available any more.
Ignore it. These ones are for any standard Shop-Vac brand vac. It will also fit a Bissell Carpet Machine Plus. Do not try to use it on a rigid or craftsman vac, it won't fit.
This sleeve is worthless. Shop vans are fine, the more h.p.thebetter also they are only as good as the attachments that are available for the vac you buy. Retrofit a 20 ft hose from a central vacuum system and you have access to better attachments.
Yes, definitly
I have always used the dry filter over the foam filter, both can be emptied and washed along with the vac tub when the tub gets really full of pet hairs and dust. This keeps the air around the shop vac from spewing out fine dust everywhere when vacuuming the vehicle.
Filter diameter 18.5 inches
3 + the ring.. as in the description
I don't believe so...... you should already have the ring that came with your vacuum.
I believe we rinse it with water and let it dry.
It fits fine. No problem
Fits model #2E200, original part #90107, ShopVac hangup mini. Not sure, but it is either a 1 gallon or 1-1/2 gallon. Hope this helps.
I am not familiar with the 3 gallon model but since the filter enclosures on the models I am familiar with are all the same size, my guess is that it will fit. To the best of my knowledge all the paper and foam filters, as well as the plastic rings that secure the paper filters, as all the same size.
Not so far. I've been using mine for at least 6 months and I've even washed it off once and it's still holding up fine. Good Luck!
Yes it will it fits a 5 to 8 gallon vac.
The bags would work well. You may still have to clean yur filter, but the vac with the peper bags inside works well and picks up just about anything.
I do, so yes.
Type E for medium filtration type H for fine filtration. I believe they will fit the 5 gal shop vac.
The bags have a cardboard hole in them, which is 1.5 inches, expandable to 2.25 inches. The bags require a protruding piece from the vacuum cleaner, to insert into the hole.
No. You install these into your vac. It fills with the debris and then you remove and toss. You still will have the filter on your vac. I find that I get less reduction in suction with the bags even though they are filled. Without the bags,the filter gets quickly filled and loss of suction.
Yes it will, mine is a 5gallon.
Yes, this filter bag will fit the 5 gallon size Shop Vac; I bought a 6-gallon unit and these bags work fine so there's no reason that they won't work for your situation.....
Don't know
Yes it will fit a 5 gallon shop vac I have one just like it with those bags
2
yes it fits a15 to 22 gal.vac.
Yes. The only problem is over filling the bag to where it is too heavy to pick up without ripping the bag.
I really dont know but just dont use it for lead demo work
I believe it should. I have a 16 gal shop vac and there is plenty of room.
They taper... the smaller end of each tube is 1" ID, 1 3/16" OD. The larger end of each tube is 1 9/32" ID and 1 15/32" OD at the very end - but since they sleeve together for a snug fit the dimensions will differ constantly at various points along the tube. Each of the 3 sections is 14" in length individually. I'm not calculating the rate of taper - too much math...
Yes!
The Tubes are tapered on one end so you can attach a 1.25 attachment or more tubes.
The outside diameter is 1 7/16 inch, so maybe it would fit inside the shop vac tube. You could measure. If you wanted a more permanent connection, even if the fit were a little off, you might use duct tape.
I have 2 different shop-vacs and they fit in both. I'm guessing they're universal.
I got three, just like the photo shows. But, a person would have to be very tall to make use of four of them ... :{)
You should be ok. I added some hose that was was not Shop-Vac and had no problems. Attachments from older household vacuums don't always fit though.
My wife doesn't have one....Maybe I should get one for her, she doesn't have enough to do anyway. I wish I could have answered your question better but that's the best I got.
Place the hole over the intake nozzle then replace the top of the shop-vac. Unfortunately the vac motor does get in the way and does not allow the bag to fully open.
According to my ruler the opening is 6.2cm cardboard to cardboard and 3.9cm from one edge of the gasket to the other. It fits my 12 gallon perfectly. This is exactly the same product that I had to travel to Lowes to get before I started getting them through Amazon.
Sorry, I have no experience with a Bostitch shop vac.
Yes as long as they are not wet
Yes, I have one and these fit perfectly.
Not sure I use them in a 10 gallon shop vac
The bent one is straight for 4 inches then the bend is about 1", I can't find the straight piece, but the length is approx 5" as well.
It reduces to 1/4(1cm). It fits to cleaning a car very well.
I don't see why they wouldn't.
They are at most 10 inches long.
I have the micro set but not the Oreck. I looked up your model, and it did not mention the size of the hose, but i see the part and if you are certain its diameter is indeed 1 1/4in, then yes it should fit without the need for another adapter. The larger part adapter included in the micro tools kit is, or was at the time i purchased 1 1/4"(1.25) in diameter.
It should.
I am not familiar with your vac. If it is a standard "shop" canister style vacuum, it probably has a standard 2.5 inch hose. You can measure this. If it is a 2.5 inch hose, you can buy a conversion adapter that attaches to the 2.5 inch hose and then steps down to a 1.25 inch connection for these micro tools. The conversion unit I bough for this purpose is this one: "Shop-vac 906-85 2-1/2" to 1-1/4" Conversion Unit" (linked here: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004RHKZ/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_hst_8).
Zach-yes, that's about all the whole vac is doing-very weak
Sorry, I think these accessories belong to another vacuum size, mine is a 1.5 Us galon
Sorry, I can't answer that. I got the 2.0 gallon vacuum, it's small but accessories are standard size. I use it for regular cleaning around the house and cleaning my car and it does a wonderful job
Yes, you will need a medium duty caulking gun. There are products (that don't require a caulking gun) that come in squeezable tubes that are okay for small jobs and/or hard to reach locations. However, it is difficult to lay a professional looking bead of caulk with these tubes and comparatively they are very expensive. If you own a home, especially an older one, you will need to do a lot of caulking and a caulking gun is a wise and inexpensive investment. You should purchase a decent one with a rotating metal wire at the end of the gun (where the nozzle of the caulk tube goes) that is used to pierce foil seals in the nozzles of most painter's (acrylic non-silicone) caulks, and will help to break through any hardened residue in an old tube of caulk if you want to use it after it has been sitting around for awhile.
I have used it to seal all around a tile shower with good results for several years.
No. It acts more like latex than silicone
What I do is stick a pin in the top( it comes with one) place it up in airtight place until next time. My wife says she covers it with cellophane wrap, or use a zip lock bag. This should work well
About 2 warm days(50 to 65), or 1 hot day(70 to 90). The top layer dries quicker but depending on the thickness, lower layers might need some time to dry.
No, for one.
If they are gaps of 1/4 inch or smaller it would be fine. If they are much bigger than that, you might have better luck with expanding foam products.
no its not meant to be adhesive
No
Yes it works great for that.
yes, the VF4000 filter will work in the 12000 model.
The parts manual for my vacuum stated that I needed the VF4000 however I ordered the VF400RT. The only difference I see is that the "RT" doesn't require the plate, just the nut (because the plate is built onto the filter).
Yes
Yes, the 12500 uses the VF4000 filter.
Yes
perfectly fits
You just have to find out what your arbor size is and see if they are compatible then.
Not the best method, but should work if you can maintain a consistent angle. Bench grinder is a better solution if you have one.
Unfortunately, I'm not familiar with a mould split line and the silicone you mention. I've used it exclusively on metal related objects, usually after welding to smooth the surface for a better and more professional finish. Wish I could have been of more help.
The grinder is made in China. The disc is made in Canada.
This bag is 6.5" wide and 16.75" long with 1.5" diameter for the hose. The cardboard is 3.25" for the hole.
Sorry not no Thanks
The diameter is 1-3/8" for the hole in the rubber ring. But that rubber stretches. The hole in the cardboard is three inches. So you could put it on anything from 1-3/8" up to around 2-1/4" and it would work.
They don't even fit what they are supposed to fit
I honestly don't know
I do not know????
I don't really know. I would assume the foam filter also stops fine debris from going through (like dry wall dust and such) too.
I honestly don't know. I have never seen or even know of the ArmorAll AA255 Utility Wet/Dry Vacuum. Sorry I couldn't be of more help, but maybe if you call the manufacture they could answer the question better. I also have a Shop-Vac.
I use my Shop Vac for dry only, too. My vac is 1.5 gallons and I buy the 1.5 gal bags. The vac came with a filter and foam sleeve but I have never used it (hope I never have to). I would buy 1 gallon bags for your vac to be sure.
yeah, it works in mine. I'm not sure why they did 1.5, it works fine.
book. We no longer have the box but you can get on the internet with the company who made the vac or check your direction Leeann
Carol, I can't answer your question. It fits my particular Shop Vac beautifully, but it came with the vac and I ordered extra for that model. Why don't you check with the manufacturer to be sure.
No. I had to modify it. They just don't seem to have any idea of what filter goes with what vacumn. Stupid. I kept getting the wrong bags and PAYING for them. Good luck.
It fits mine, so I'm sure it fits any model. A great replacement for the flimsy hose it came with.
I'm not sure, I have this one on my shop vac 14 gallon and fits great, so should fit
My guess is. Probably not. This has a 2" hose. Mine was a 12 gallons
Accessory kits are universally sized and hence fit any vac that uses 2.5" fittings and hoses. I have never owned a Rigid vac, but it appear to use 2-1/2" fittings and hoses. If so, this kit will work fine.
I have a 12 gallon shopvac. Not sure of the model but it fit mine perfectly. And mine is at least 6 years old. Not sure of the model. But if this is the right diameter hose, I bet it fits.
Yes it is compatible with all shop vac brands. The hose in this kit is very cheaply made it tore up on me after the first time I used it. I had to go to lowes and buy the actual shop vac brand hose and spend another $25. The atachments are the only thing that are worth the money.
No brush. Just the two wide nozzles and a crevice nozzle.
It says in the description that it fits standard and lock on!
Wish I could help you, purchased the hose for Church vacuum and the hose fit, but I do not know the model. If you buy be careful of the small attachment that keeps the hose attachment connected. The person who unpacked lost the small piece.. Best I can do to advise you.
yes..good fix
No, this unit uses a regular solenoid. Latching Solenoids uses the electrical current pulse or internal permanent magnet material to maintain a set position without the constant application of an electrical current. While the principal of operation is similar to all linear solenoids, latching solenoids are different in that the electrical polarity is important to obtain proper operation.
I operate mine at 25 PSI. Can't answer about the 1 hour duration, mine is set to operate for 15 minute intervals.
I use mine above ground. Never really thought about it being waterproof or not but it works just fine. I have mine connected to an Belkin WeMo so I can turn it on and off remotely
Of course you can replace without any problem just a question of the size of the connection to be the same, and if it is different then apply the appropriate reductions that will certainly give you the same effect and it will work without any problem, I did so because I had a couple of sizes Sincerely, Marek
No power will leave the valve off. It should not leak without power.
There shouldn't be any flow restriction
I have never tried it for hot water but I am pretty sure it is not designed for hot water or the seals inside. I would not use it for that purpose.
You didn't supply much information, but my guess is yes. If whatever controls the cooling fans can supply 24 volts to the Orbit valve to turn it on, then sure. Or, if the fans are switched 120 volts, then you should be able to wire in a plug from that circuit and use a 120 to 24volt transformer.
All sprinkler systems run on 24VAC.
I have not tried either: setting a 3/8" grommet with 1/4" tool, or a 1/4" grommet with a 3/8" tool; but I think you're chasing a false economy from which only disappointment can result. Though not immediately apparent, a close-precision fit must exist between the "male-grommet throat" and the setting-tool "spreader-foot"; otherwise a sufficient "roll-over" to capture the "female-grommet collar" will not be achieved. So, a 1/4" tool will NOT set a 3/8" grommet. As far as using a 3/8" tool on a 1/4" grommet: successful application of a grommet depends upon the "compression-plate" surface of the setting-tool's contact with, and compression of the "female-grommet" collar against the fabric --just slightly before the "spreader-foot" begins stretching the "male-grommet throat"... which will occur in reverse order with too large a "spreader-foot". So, a 3/8" setting tool CANNOT be used with a 1/4" grommet. Further, they do not make a 5/16" setting tool for bridging between 1/4 & 3/8" grommets because of the irregular results it would produce. Sorry!!
Yes
No, they are not long enough to be able to grab the material for a good grip.
No. All you need comes with the kit!
This set includes the punch - it's the black cylinder. I did find that I needed to sort of rotate the punch so only a section of it was in contact with the fabric at once to concentrate the force and cut through the fabric.
They're brass but really thin. They worked fine for me though.
I used this for making a curtain out of canvas drop cloths for painting. Its a heavy duty set but I'm sure it'll work on paper.
Id is 3/8" Od is 7/8"-1"
I have the 7300PT model and it fits. This was not specific to my model, but I know there can be different sizes. I know this doesn't directly answer your question but I know there's not much variance in the products.
I bought the cordless 7000 and yes the bands fit. They also fit my mini-dremel. (We lost the charger to the mini but it worked great). The bands seem to fit all the smaller dremels.
That is exactly what I use it for - works great on our cat. We had one of those battery operated deal - worthless...use that Dremel!
Yes, these fit the 3000.
I don't know but its pretty close either way
Yes.
I am using this switch in a hunter ceiling fan, the 2nd speed never worked for me, i tried two times
There is spots for four wires high medium low off.
That sounds like it should work for you. That is the same layout on the switch. I used it on a large floor model fan. The switch itself is 1 1/4" x 5/8" thick
Yes this is a three on switch
Inside diameter of finished/installed grommet is 1/2", outside diameter is 1", thickness for mine is 3/16" - will vary somewhat with material thickness. It's probably in the reviews, but you get get materials for 12 completed grommets (12 top pieces + 12 bottom pieces = 24 pieces). We installed 8 of these in tennis court canvas bench shade covers for outside use in Phoenix, AZ, about 1 year ago. They were very easy to install, looked professional when finished, and have not deteriorated at all. The price was great for such a fine product.
I repair fiberglass reinforced tarps and double the material over and they work great, but the chair straps might be a little thick.
4 grams, about 1/8 oz
It would probably depend on the thickness of the letter. I used it on heavy vinyl banners and had no problem punching through the material when doubled up. The punch is quite sharp and sturdy so I don't think that thinner leathers would be a problem.
#4 is the grommet size.
They appear to be, I havnt used them long enough to tell for sure. I know what your saying. Somethings say solid grass but tarnish or the finnish comes off. I havnt had them long enough to tell. Sorry
just ordinry grommets. don't know. punches holes, smack together, not sure if it will tear the plastic
"Refills" means more of the grommets themselves, i.e., the brass parts that you install on your tent, tarp, flag, etc.
Six feet per cycle. Pull six feet, then reset and pull six more. And so forth.
I suspect that you will bend the post. Chain link posts are rather thin material.
I've pulled some very heavy (600 pound) stumps up an incline. I have to think if it could do that it could move a car on wheels. the four ton would be overkill, and so heavy it's difficult to work with. We used to use an American-made 2 ton come-a-long to pull trucks out of mud holes, so I have to think this thing could do what you want.
Single
I am not sure of the question all I can say it worked fine in every aspect for my purposes.
Maybe a small one.
On the box is written: "'Meets The Standards Of The World'' and ''Meets Ansi/Asme Specifications B30.21 - 1996"
I just back off the tension. After a few pulls, it is free, and can be released.
I honestly haven't used that option, but if it's anything like the rest it'll work great.
If you can poke a small hole through them, you can use these. I put them on leather so I think you can with poly-blend stuff.
Yes I believe you can
The only additional tool you will need is a hammer or mallet, this kit contains everything else.
Yes it works vary well remember use a firm surface or it will not work. Hit it hard.
The packaging does not indicate the size of snap. I purchase the kit to replace a snap that broke on a windbreaker jacket. The size did match the one on the jacket. The top cover of snap measures 1/2 inch across.
The hole is about 1/4 in size.... over all the grommet is around 1/2 inch when flattened
I scrapped one and it does appear to be Brass through and through.
Laminated leather or wood? If its leather, yes it would hold them. But be prepared. They will take a few good whacks to set them. If its wood laminate, I would not know. But it may be possible depending on how thin the laminate is.
They are both metal.
It my work. You might have problems hitting the cutter and the grommet tool with a hammer. Where you pkace the grommet will determine if you can use them. I would give it a try. The kit doesn't cost that much and you can order extra grommets later if you need them. Good luck!
The hole this ring makes is rather small requiring me to use thin snap hooks. As the smaller hooks are available this was no problem. Another consideration is the surface area of the rings when they are compressed together. Smaller rings will have smaller surface area. Since your flag will be whipped by the wind, I recommend larger size grommets to maximize the surface area of the connection between the two grommet pieces when they are squeezed together.
I have used it successfully with leather that is approximately 1/8" thick....beyond that I'm not sure.
I haven't tried that, but i would think it would. I have driven it through 3 layers of fabric and it could certainly handle more. I am more than pleased with the product.
? If it's "very" heavy leather then I don't think so.
Yes
I've been using these cans for a number of years now and, I like them a lot. The spout/funnel fits tightly over the pour spout, and that keeps it from leaking when you pour. I put the can on the deck and wiggle the funnel clockwise-counterclockwise and it comes off with out a lot of fuss. I usually wrap the funnel in a clean shop rag to keep dust and such out of it.
Hi, Take the funnel off the can and put it into the tank.Then pour the gas into the funnel like you would any other funnel. You are right its impossible to do it otherwise.
Set the can on the ground and slowly open the valve to release pressure. Then Use
The lift-handle on the can is metal, welded to the metal can. The handle that operates the lid is a seemingly good quality high impact plastic. I think the use of plastic on this part will provide the longest lifespan.
You can see a better picture here... http://www.toolfetch.com/type-i-safety-cans-ui-50fseg.shtml?gclid=CJ6w2Lab3rMCFexAMgod1VUAGw Use the mouse-over zoom feature. The teapot analogy is spot-on. The top is HEAVY spring loaded to close. Pulling the top's handle to the can's handle opens the spout. Much like a lawnmower safety lever. They must be engaged with each other to open the lid. I got sick of my plastic can's o-rings leaking all the time, and this solved that issue. The only CON - is you must remove the funnel every time you fill the can.
Can weighs 8.2 pounds. Gallon of gas approx 6 pounds. Total at filled 5 gallon can is 38-39 pounds,
I would put it in an milk crate and secure the crate to the truck. Also put something In the crate to restrict it from rattling around
Yes you can, and I do mean pour all contents (3,4,5) gallons in your auto's gas tank. I've done it twice and without a spill. You may need to adjust the spout towards the end to pour all of your gas from can into gas tank.
Once the can is open and the gas nozzle inserted in to the can, the cap will remain open. Isn't it a shame what the EPA has done to us consumers.
I have poured without the funnel, but the cover is spring loaded and it is difficult but doable. I didn't buy these for that reason, I bought these for the safety factor. They are heavy duty metal so they don't get "swollen" and the lid is spring loaded so before you pour, you can release the pressure build up from fumes. These are excellent for fule storage. The Plastic containers get misshaped where these do not.
Six inch and will fit either a 5/8 or 1/2 inch arbor with an included adapter.
it will fit 1/2" to 5/8"
Yes it is. No spacer required on my porter cable grinder. Had tried an AVANTI from homie depot and it was crap!!
5/8"-1/2" is on package
Not sure, don't have one but it all depends on the arbor size. I'm sure it will.
The wire wheel has a 3/4" face. I own a Dewalt unit so I can't answer if it will fit the Porter-Cable with any certainty but have a suspicion it will work fine.
No, it is not adhesive. You can tie it though. It worked great for marking my trail to the deer stand. The color was perfect.
I have never actually checked to see if it glows in the dark, but from just looking at the tape itself, I would say no.
I didn't actually need flagging tape but bought by mistake- looking for bright duct tape. So no, but good luck.
The channels are 11/16 inch wide, which is just shy of 3/4 inch...it might stretch out to 3/4...good luck.
Yes they do.
It is slightly more narrow than 3/4 inch. I had to sand the 3/4 board of the bookcase to get it to fit.
2 that it
i have these things on everything in my house! you would have to read the specs to see if they are wide enough. and if that model isn't, i'll be they will have one that will. can go to shepherdhardware.com and inquire also. good luck. if it can't be put on wheels or in the washing machine, it don't live in this house! :)
The attaching sides are metal but the wheels are plastic. I do not know what the weight limit would be.
about one inch. "thread" is from bottom to top
I looked at the cabinet you referenced and it appears you would need to drill holes in the cabinet to use these rollers. These rollers work well with a refrigerator they wouldn't look very good with a wooden cabinet.
This roller is primarily intended for roll-in and roll-out of home appliances such as a refrigerator, however the slightly curved roller profile does allow a small amount of turn mainly for fine adjustment of alignment. If you are looking for freedom of movement then you'll need a swivel type. See also my review about roller resistance as I found this set unsuitable for a sliding bookcase project and am now changing to a 2" low profile caster found at a good price on eBay. Hope this helps.
It is VERY common, even with fixed feet on the appliances. Usually caused by unbalanced load during spin cycle.
it 250lb per caster i have them on my freezer that is full i have no problem with them great buy
A set of four
No
about an inch or so. actually one inch and 1/8 from the floor to the plate.
The cutting wheel indicates 11.1mm.
Sure
yes it will
Not sure. I am using it on the RotoZip RFS Multi-saw. On this it works well and lasts a while.
The "score and snap method" is by far the best way to cut drywall. If you are cutting curves, Rotozip makes shearing bits (look like wide-spiral drill bits). This is actually the main use for thee Rotozip tool. I imagine using cutting discs as being difficult. If you are attempting to trim 2 inches off the bottom of already-hung drywall then go with the score and snap method. I dont think you will be satisfied with cutting wheels. Good luck!
I measured the screws for you; they are 3/4" long with Phillips Head.
5/8"
1/2 inch
It came with 4 when I bought it.
1/4 inch
I would say yes, the probably will hold a few books. Keep in mind they aren't huge though, and you may be better off going with something a tad larger than 1 1/2". Good luck! :)
Yep!
This is vinyl two-sided tape, solid, not netted, a larger version of two-sized tape rolls used to hang posters.
it has adhesive on both sides
According to the product literature, Polyken 105C or 105C-P tapes are designed to remove adhesive-residue free. I do not have personal experience with the product.
This double faced tape will hold if the marble floor surface is clean before putting it down. I think depending on the traffic you can lay strips of this tape side by side for an extra measure of holding power. I have this tape at an entrance sticking carpet to mat and now months later the mad has not moved.
I put this tape down and leave it. If you take it up it will not stick any way as the first stick. Its made to stick and forget. If you want to stick and service stair treads you should consider Velcro strips as they can be used over and over again.
No, the tape is white
It is an opaque white color.
Yes
I have high quality laminate flooring throughout my house and I LOVE it (I don't have to "baby" it like the hardwood flooring I used to have. I have used this tape for four years under the living room carpet without any untoward outcomes.
I don't know. This tape is similar to ordinary double sided Scotch tape except for the width. Suggest a test with any single sided tape to see if it sticks or pulls loose. Then make your judgement.
This tape is probably too weak for that unless the polyurethane molding you are using is very thin. This only really good for something the weight of paper. Even heavy poster paper doesn't work for it either. For anything substantial, I would probably use sticky putty adhesive that can be peeled off. You can search for it under "putty adhesive".
If you slowly pull the laminated paper away from the adhesive at an angle, you might be able to reuse the adhesive once or twice...but I wouldn't count on it. The adhesive itself is quite thin and distorts easily when removed from a supporting surface. For your purpose, check Scotch Restickable products, such as Scotch Restickable Tabs (for example, http://www.amazon.com/Scotch-Restickable-Inches-Squares-R100/dp/B0039N3QO2/).
In my experience, the success of removing the adhesive from paper depends heavily on the hardness of the paper. Paper that has a smooth, hard surface fares better than paper that has a fibrous surface. If your wall art is at all valuable, I'd be hesitant to use this product.
It really is not very good, it wouldn't even hold up posters, they kept falling down. I think it is more for light paper. It definitely would hold up wallpaper
Yes as long as you use ot generously and don't drive too fast above parade speed after applying. You might want to test it out on a car or use the permanent type with the foam backing instead.
No
This is double-sided. While it probably won't leave residue on the headphones, not sure it would stick well to skin.
The vinyl poster shouldn't pose a problem, but the brick wall might: This adhesive is excellent for smooth or gently textured surface (such as glass or textured wallboard), but the roughness of a brick wall would likely prevent good adhesion. (You might want to try a putty-type adhesive instead.)
No
hi there, I believe it might , but i do NOT believe it would last long..... sorry to say. Good luck......we have three cats that have scratched up all of our wooden chair legs and now have taken to shredding open the chair seats at night when there's no one to yell at them.... ahhhhhhhh.... PETS..... lol
I think so. It is my understanding that Rembrandt has discontinued this product, and the remaining stock is pricey. Try Squigle instead.
this product has been discontinued :-( Once it is gone from your stores, its gone!
This product has been discontinued and is no longer available to purchase at retailers.
Whether it's worth it or not, the Rembrandt Gentle White toothpaste is no loner being manufactured, so when you can find it, it's very expensive. I haven't seen it anywhere, online or on shelves, for months now.
yes it can, you will however need to immediately clean and dry the "bag" also some alcohol on a swab will help clean the stickiness fro the keys
It is powerful enough and the extensions have small enough pieces to get in between the keys. My suggestion would be to turn off your computer before you vacuum though.
If your asking will this will vacuum or blow out a removable lint screen/filter, yes. I use it to blow out and vacuum, the removable filter on my window air conditioner, and my computer fan filters, both removable.
You should always use the blower mode for all electronics. They should always be unplugged and not running when Metro Vac is used.
From 0 to 10 I can say 7
I am not sure, but I do not see why not. Would have to check further into it.
No, so I store everything in original box received it in.
it sounds like a normal vacuum to me, it is not what I would call a quiet machine.
I feel that it is enough blowing power to. It has a very strong, and I mean very strong blowing power for such a small vac. It's very impressive!!!
It's safe to use in Blower mode when working on electronics. It adds no moisture like canned air does and does a terrific job. I never use it to vacuum electronics.
This is actual hook & loop velcro. The box has two strips in it, each with an adhesive backing. You cut the two sections to the size you need, then remove the adhesive backing and stick part 1 to the wall (for example) and then remove the adhesive backing and stick part 2 to the back of your magnetic knife strip (just an example of what I used it for). Easy peasy.
I don't have any brick but I tried a piece on my concrete wall and NO, it didn't hold
I don't believe it would stick as well as you would like. I have used these to keep a pair of fabric drapes closed, and it does so poorly. Fortunately I need extremely minimal tension so it does the job, and it's just a hack solution, but no I would not say these stick to fabric (especially like you would probably be expecting).
Definitely stitch it in place.
Haven't tried it on laminate but it does stick to plastics so it should work on laminates. It is a heavier than most velcro and claims that it will stick to most anything!
This is all you need. Good quality and well satisfied with the product.
I see no reason why it wouldn't. I know one thing, the things it does stick to - it sticks too them strongly.
I believe so I have on a plexiglass sticking to a similiar plastic and the hold is amazing
4' each strip.
I really don't know. The packaging states not for underwater use..maybe a shower can be considered occasional and might work. This tape is great.
WD40 is great for removing stubborn adhesives.
9970 Indoor Carpet Tape 1.88-Inches x 36-Yards. This is the one I use for the carpet and I have been using it for years.
In my opinion, you will want a larger piece, OR you will want to cut multiple strips.. this tape isn't very wide. It will keep the carpet tacked down in place, but the first time someone kicks up a corner, it will definitely come loose. The adhesive just isn't that strong... it may stick pretty good on your (clean) hard wood, but it won't stick that well to the underside of the carpet. If you want to use velcro for this job, you'll want larger pieces of velcro, ideally with a much more durable glue. Several projects I have accomplished with this tape have failed... and I even hot glue gunned the velcro to one of my pieces. That's my experience... good luck. Mark
Yes, any smooth surface. Keep in mind it is a STRONG adhesive so be sure where you place it is where you want it.
It really depends on the type of plastic and the type of fabric. I would not recommend Gorilla Glue for plastic though, and neither does Consumer Reports. Consumer Reports recommends the following for plastic: -Loctite Sumo Glue (Expanding polyurethane glue; 24 hr drying time) -Krazy Glue Advanced Formula Extra Strength (Quick-dry superglue) -Loctite Super Glue Control Liquid (Quick-dry superglue) -Devcon Super Glue (Quick-dry superglue) -Elmer's Super Glue (Quick-dry superglue) -The Original Super Glue Super Glue Liquid (Quick-dry superglue) -3M Scotch Super Glue Liquid (Quick-dry superglue) Hope this helps.
We buy some smaller version of Gorilla Glue and use that bottle for production. The bigger bottle is just used to supply the smaller one. But we use a lot of Gorilla Glue.
I haven't tried it but I'm sure it will. As long as you put pressure on what your gluing and follow the directions it should work. It works great and is pretty powerful stuff.
I have a cpap mask that one of the pieces where you attach the headgear broke off, tried super glue, but it doesn't hold it together. Any suggestions? Glueless in Texas !!!
It is a 4 hole mount. I think it will go 360. Where I have it mounted I can only swivel 270, it will swivel 270 for sure.
the one we received was blue
The biggest that will fit in the holes... I used 1/2-13 with locking nuts and 2x2x.25" backing plates. Good vise!
What do you mean "swivel gear"? The vise does rotate around the vertical axis (yaw) and this rotation is secured with two "lockdown" bolts - one on each side of the vise base. Your answer might be on the Wilton website.
Steel. It is heavy and very robust. There are two flat "anvil" surfaces on which one can hammer stuff. You should mount it on a solid/sturdy work bench and bolt it down securely (I used thru bolts). I'm very happy with it.
Yes it was genuine Wilton 4500
No idea. Sorry...
Not sure. Before this one I had a Chinese piece of junk. This one seems well made
No there not
I can measure sometime this week. Currently installed in my boat which is at the dock. I will follow up once I am able to get to the dock and measure.
It might. I used mine to hold down two large batteries in my RV.
The hold down brackets are plastic but durable.
Because fluoride is a toxic poison which does nothing good for you. We have been lied to for decades about this chemical. It does NOT help tooth decay from happening! http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/how-safe-is-fluoride/
I have been using real tea tree oil for oral health since the late 1980s. When you brush your teeth, you should not be swallowing your tooth paste. I even take a drop of tea tree oil - orally - when I am getting sick. I have never ever had any adverse reaction. Additionally, you'll find tea tree oil in mouthwash and oral rinse too. Not sure how much you've heard about ingesting, but tea tree oil has been used for many generations by aboriginals of Australia and New Zealand for oral and physical health benefits.
I have not tried Burts Bees nor Toms toothpast BUT have been overly satisfied with the results I've had from using Desert Essence and really didn't find the need to compare it with anything else. I highly recommend trying the Desert Essence toothpaste
Not gritty. Very smooth , but not gelly either. Slightly pastry, but good flavor. I love it
I am not sure about that because I lost it a month ago ona trip and I can't see what it contains... But certainly it is one of the best tasting toothpastes around. Also you can try Hymalaian toothpaste, it is the best on taste and natural sources.
No. It does have sodium coco sulfate, however.
/CALCIUM CARBONATE/ /GLYCERIN [VEGETABLE DERIVED]/ /WATER [AQUAL]/ /MELALEUCA ALTERNIFOLIA [TEA TREE] LEAF DISTILLATE/ /SODIUM COCO SULFATE/ /CARRAGEENAN [PLANT DERIVED]/ /MENTHA PIPERITA [PEPPERMINT] OIL/ /SODIUM BICARBONATE/ /ECO HARVEST MELALEUCA ALTERNIFOLIA [TEA TREE] LEAF OIL/ /SEA SALT/ /100% VEGAN/ this is what it says on tube i hope this will be enough please let me know if there is anything else i can do and i see what i can do
I really love the fennel, it has a fresh anise/ licorice taste.
YES it is!
Its made from plastic!
Using a digital caliper, I measured 4 installed casters, getting readings between 3.95 and 4.01". I would assume that the design dimension is 4" nominal. This is measured from the floor to the top of the mounting plate.
After disassembling the wheel, the hard plastic wheel hub rides on a steel tube slid over the axle bolt. The hole in the wheel hub measures 0.415 - 0.416" diameter. The outside diameter of the axle tube measures 0.393 - 0.394". The axle bolt is a rather loose fit inside the axle tube, and is metric (head and nut use M10 wrench). Additionally, the wheel hub is 1.066" wide, while the axle tube is slightly longer at 1.1". Hopefully, this helps. Dave
I think I used 10s or 12s - pan head screws and have had no trouble.
No they're not included. My unit I used it on already had the screws.
Distributed between the four casters these will be more than adequate. I have them loaded with around 280 and no problem at all.
Stuart, the distance from floor to top of plate is 6 and 1/8 inches.
Yes. They each hold 300 lbs, so 6 would give you an 1800 lb load.
The plate is 3" X 3" the holes are 2 1/4" X 2 1/4" apart measured from the center of each hole.
Yes they do.
Dan: I went out and looked at the 3 rolling racks I built, none of my racks have the locking wheels, but I know they do make a locking wheel, I just don't know the number. Try hitting on "locking casters or 4"-5" wheels". The 3 racks I built carry a lot of weight and the wheels handle it easily. Hope this helps. Browney M.
Screw size is not too important, but be sure to put a screw in all four holes. A number 12 screw, about one inch long should work great. Be sure to drill a pilot hole for the screw. The pilot hole should be the size of the screw body, not counting the threads. Otherwise, the wood may split if you run the screws in without drilling a pilot hole. The pilot hole should be about 1/8 inch or maybe slightly larger. If screw gets real tight before it bottoms out, you may want to enlarge the hole slightly. A little trial and error will work fine.
You can use them outdoors, but No, don't get them wet.
Sorry for the delay. Holes are 2" apart on center, although they are actually slots so there's a good amount of wiggle room.
2 5/8" X 2 5/8"
Hi I'm sorry we can't ship to Germany Thank you for your communication texasvalue
They're the same height. I have a large (44"w x 32"d x 50"h) wooden tool chest with two of the locking type on the front corners and five of the non-locking type on the sides and rear. It probably weighs 1000 lbs fully loaded. I don't move it much, but these casters work fine when I do.
Yes
No. I use them on custom machinery. No marks on light grey concrete. Best wheels for the money. Roll smooth and don't get stuck on small stuff on the floor.
The stud on these casters are just threaded bolts. If you can fit them through anything and get a nut on it, it'll roll. Great heavy duty casters too. Btw you will have to procure those nuts elseware.
It's definitely a stem. Metric 12
It looks like about an inch. Mine goes through 2 layers of sheet metal, a flat washer, a lock washer and the nut with two threads left over. Hope it helps.
I suppose they could, but they have a threaded shaft, designed more for bolting on machinery, such as the table saw I used them on. They are more industrial than furniture grade, but if you didn't care about the looks, they are great casters, at least so far. If you have a chair with wooden legs, you might be able to drill slightly undersized holes in the legs and tab them in with a hammer.
I checked and found they are metric M12 (12mm x 1.75mm).
I believe that the weight limits are per wheel, given that you can buy them individually. FWIW, I've purchased a bunch of these and made my own wheeled platforms for many very heavy objects and the wheels have worked well for me.
No they are metric.
yes, these wheels have a METRIC M-12 thread.
Top section travel = 4 7/8 inch Bottom Travel = 5 1/2 inch
I just received one of these, cleaned it up, did some minor adjusting and gave it a dry run with my 80% polymer lower and jig clamped up. Having sold my mill and machine lathe some time ago I wanted a low cost setup to do polymer lowers on. My first impression is that it should work just fine for that use. Not sure about milling aluminum but think that with sufficient material removed by drilling first, you could mill safely enough with this and a decent small drill press, working slowly. Of course if you are a klutz or an idiot around tools, all bets are off. You don't need .001 accuracy to mill the pocket in a lower receiver. I'll update after I mill one out. Update: I've got a polymer lower about half milled out with this setup. Seems to be working well and I'm satisfied with the vice and the cross slide operation after the previously mentioned tweaking and adjusting after unpacking. I might hesitate trying to machine aluminum but polymer works quite nicely with this vice and a decent bench top drill press. Clear the bulk of the material with a series of plunge cuts to near finished depth then use light smoothing passes. No worries. I also rigged a simple bungie hold down for the spindle travel. Alignment of the slides was easily tweaked with a little filing and a honing block. Again, the precision is good enough for a decent job on a polymer lower. Very satisfied for the intended use and the price Completed the polymer lower. Very nice. No issues with the vice at all for this project after initial tweaking. Used with Delta 12" bench top press Just installed the lower internal parts with no further work needed on the 80% lower machining. Rest of the rifle build took minutes to assemble. Fit and function of everything looks and feels really good. Will definitely do another with this vice
I mounted mine to my floor drill press as long as your your benchtop drill press has the slotted holes you can mount it but the height might be and issue you have to have about six inches of clearance and about two inches on the front side to be able to use the x handle
Really tall. About 6 inches, if not more.
The markings are labeled as millimeters, but I would not consider them accurate enough to be of much value, though they might help in some cases with repeatability. This vise is a good value for what it is but do not expect precision equipment for this kind of money.
We have the 3" (measured as usable vise jaw opening) cross slide vise - allow 8.5" clearance for the bottom slide, and about 10" for the top slide - this clearance can be reduce by fitting a shorter handle to the cross slide leadscrew.
Mine measures 3.65 inch edge to edge of holes, if you use 1/4 inch bolts, that would put you at 3.9 inch C/L to C/L, 3/8 inch bolts would be 4.025 C/L to C/L. these are fairly rough castings around the holes, a little work with a dremel bit would give you a little fudge factor pretty quick. Just for reference the hole are 1.45 inch C/L to C/L on each side. As import tools go this one is no better - no worse than the rest, I had to do a little tuning up/adjusting on the clearances and crank assemblies to get everything working smooth. That is the standard alternative to paying 300 bucks or more for a precision one that is ready to go.
I have no idea. It was so poorly machined and the x y cross slides were not at 90 deg with each other so I gave it away. Do not waste your money on this device.
Don't waste your money. If you need an accurate tool, this is not for you. I threw mine away.
Yes; $11.30x4. If it helps, I've had good luck (so far) using them on a moderate sized workbench. I got cheap for a second bench and used the smaller Steelex wheels and they are pure junk.
They are made in China. They are very good quality and have held up very well over the past 8 years plus I have been using them. I have purchased a couple of dozen of them and have yet to have one fail.
The mounting plates are 3" square with the holes running diagonally from the rounded corners. The holes are positioned 3/16 " from the round corner edges, and are 5/16" wide and 9/16" long.
No, it is made of galvanized steel. Exposed to moisture they will (an in my case have) rust.
Actually, the wheel's clever design allows the one lever (visible in the photo) to simultaneously engage the brake and lock the swivel. You can NOT engage the brake or lock the swivel independently of each other.
I already installed these wheels on mobile base for my woodworking machines. I looked around the outside wheels which are visible and did not see any stamps. There may be a stamp, I just don't see it. But I can say I am extremely satisfied with the quality. I have these wheels installed on 3 mobile bases which hold machines weighing 200, 250, and 550 pounds. Going on 2 years now - no problems. Even after sitting still for 3 months (during winter), did not develop any flat spots. Rolls perfectly smooth. I'm very happy with these wheels. Hope this helps.
The wheel (and tire, if you will) are 4" in diameter. The mounting height, floor to mounting surface is 5 1/4"
Yes
3/4 to 1 inch x1/4 lag bolt if it is to move on a flat surface. Otherwise I would bolt it in throuhg the base supports. Almost all of the force will be in a downward direction holding the caster in place with minimal side force. Also you are stretching the max limits of the caster @ 700+ lbs..
Are you asking if these wheels would be suitable for a table with a woodworking vise? If so, I would be inclined to say yes. The wheels roll very well and the brake works extremely well.
140 rpm
14" like it says in the description.
Yes of a sort. It has a lock that can keep the quill from retracting fully but you can still lower it from that point if it isn't fully extended.
I am not exactly sure what size hole you want in the 1" plate. I can drill through 3/8" plate with a 1/2" drill at 540 rpm easily using Mobil one as a lubricant. So with a sharp drill and using coolant (cutting fluids work best here) 1" should be no problem. You have to keep the chips clear and pull the drill out often to do that. You may have to stop and resharpen your drill or change it out for a sharp one. And do not force the drill through the steel, let it cut at it's own pace. Be patient and it can be done with no belt slippage and no motor stall. You do not need the lowest speeds to do that IF everything is clamped well. Do not try to hold onto the steel with your hand as you can be hurt easily.
I purchased mine in December 2008 and it has a threaded depth stop with jam nuts on the left side to limit the depth of travel.
I measured just over 12 inches
It's made in China.
Motor is 3/4 HP, 110V, single-phase
no the motor is 120 volt only. If you wanted 220 you would have to change out the motor.
600 pounds
Yes
Mounting Plate Dimension: 4.49" x 3.94" Distance Between Holes: 3.46" x 2.95"
6 1/4 inch. Dead on. Good lick
The wheels themselves are 2"wide.
Yes. 'murican made
They might... depending on how thick your padding is and how much weight is on it. I can tell you on a hard surface they move very easy with 700 lbs thus far.
Probably not, maybe if your screen is absolutely clean. I just tried it to answer you question, my screens are dusty and it wouldn't stick. I have noticed that this duct tape doesn't work as well as the gray duct tape for some applications such as the rubber gasket on the washer door, and it wont stick at all if a surface is wet while gray tape will stick some on a wet surface. Please note the gray tape I refere to is not this brand but something I got at a dollar store. Back to your question, if you do get it to stick you will have to put it on both sides of the screen because you probably won't get the seams close enough together and there will be some sticky tape exposed that all kinds of stuff will stick to. If you have pets that tore the screen taping it will be useless.
I don't think so-- it wouldn't hold a seam on a foot rest. I used gorilla tape with much success.
I have purchased this tape and it is not fully transparent.I would not use this tape for a few reasons: 1.)it is a very "heavy" tape 2.)if you take it off and the room is very humid,it will leave a gooey residue that you will need Goo-Off to remove.I would use Scotch (Magic) Transparent Tape. I know that it is 3/4" wide and may come in a 1 inch width and You may have to add strips to get to your card width and this tape is 100% Transparent......like Glass.
Its "clear" but its not transparent. Its got all the duct tape texture so you can't see through it completely but its definitely not colored.
This may be a temporary fix just as regular duct tape might be, but it sure is not something I would use for a permanent fix.
It's transparent.
I live in a state that gets up to 110 degrees easily in the summer and sometimes more - while this tape is not crystal clear, it does hold up in the hot sun. I have used it to repair my car bumper and the spoiler on the back of my car. Never had a problem in the extreme heat or cold. Never had a problem with glue oozing out. Hope this helps you.
I use this tape for just about everything that needs taping/repair. I DO use it to cover small tears or holes in my screens, but if it is for a big job my opinion would be to use actual screen repair material.
It may if you put it on both sides, but it will be white. It is not clear in color.
Yes, but it really is not all the transparent. I suppose the reason for that is to retain strength.
I think so - you would just attach adhesive to the fridge. The straps are pretty long. I would double check the weight limit of the product vs the weight of your fridge (and its contents) just to be on the safe side though.
The wall mount should provide ample protection but yes this will add an additional layer of protection. Just follow the directions provided on the box on how to mount the straps and you will be just fine.
Yes, that's what I did.
It should. We use it for a big box tv and it is more than five inches from the wall.
No
We used this for our big box tv 34" (which is quite heavy), to prevent it falling on a kid (no earthquakes here in WI to worry about so I cannot attest to if it would hold for that). I guess I can't tell you for sure if it would hold your tv but something is better than nothing and if installed properly these straps seem really secure.
They work great for holding old glass tube TV's on stands to the wall. It attaches to the item you want to attach to the wall with think adhesive on nylon straps. I dont think they could be depended on to hold onto a smooth glass aquarium weighing a hundred pounds with water. I would not do it. The other end attaches with wood screws in studs. Though it would be better than nothing, I would not trust it.
4 foot 6 inches
No, these don't have the threads to add clips or other accessories. You'd have to buy a different set of probes for that. But... for what these are, they are Great and some of the better probes I've used!
These leads will fit any meter with standard 4mm jacks. This should include Brymen meters.
I'm pretty sure they will.
Yes
Yes
I'm not familiar with Simpson meters. If you know someone who has a fluke see if theirs fit your meter. Sorry don't want to steer you the wrong way.
I believe they will work with any Fluke meter that has the plug-in probes.
No, they won't fit. They are 2mm (0.08") diameter. These (Fluke TP88 Rigid Back Probe Pin Set, 2" Length) fit on the ends of the TL71. They are thinner but I don't know the diameter.
yes, it works
Because fluoride is a toxic poison which does nothing good for you. We have been lied to for decades about this chemical. It does NOT help tooth decay from happening! http://www.globalhealingcenter.com/natural-health/how-safe-is-fluoride/
I have been using real tea tree oil for oral health since the late 1980s. When you brush your teeth, you should not be swallowing your tooth paste. I even take a drop of tea tree oil - orally - when I am getting sick. I have never ever had any adverse reaction. Additionally, you'll find tea tree oil in mouthwash and oral rinse too. Not sure how much you've heard about ingesting, but tea tree oil has been used for many generations by aboriginals of Australia and New Zealand for oral and physical health benefits.
I have not tried Burts Bees nor Toms toothpast BUT have been overly satisfied with the results I've had from using Desert Essence and really didn't find the need to compare it with anything else. I highly recommend trying the Desert Essence toothpaste
Not gritty. Very smooth , but not gelly either. Slightly pastry, but good flavor. I love it
I am not sure about that because I lost it a month ago ona trip and I can't see what it contains... But certainly it is one of the best tasting toothpastes around. Also you can try Hymalaian toothpaste, it is the best on taste and natural sources.
No. It does have sodium coco sulfate, however.
/CALCIUM CARBONATE/ /GLYCERIN [VEGETABLE DERIVED]/ /WATER [AQUAL]/ /MELALEUCA ALTERNIFOLIA [TEA TREE] LEAF DISTILLATE/ /SODIUM COCO SULFATE/ /CARRAGEENAN [PLANT DERIVED]/ /MENTHA PIPERITA [PEPPERMINT] OIL/ /SODIUM BICARBONATE/ /ECO HARVEST MELALEUCA ALTERNIFOLIA [TEA TREE] LEAF OIL/ /SEA SALT/ /100% VEGAN/ this is what it says on tube i hope this will be enough please let me know if there is anything else i can do and i see what i can do
I really love the fennel, it has a fresh anise/ licorice taste.
YES it is!
Its made from plastic!
Ingredients: Vegetable glycerin, deionized water, peelu powder, titanium dioxide USP, xanthan gum, cultured maltodextrin (a natural preservative), xylitol, tea tree oil.
Actually, there is no flavor. Works good. Been using it for a couple of years now.
No
Made in the us. Another reason why i bought it over the vr.
The rebate is $100 for the 2014 February/March rebate. Anyone currently looking at this question can ignore it, it is no longer relavent.
Not sure what you mean by, "Cut off ring terminals." What I did was open up the solenoid housing and loosen the bolt for the red, (hot) wire and replace that with the quick connect hot wire. The ground is bolted to the "body" of the winch, so that was easier. Then I simply ran quick connect wire from the front and rear bumpers of the truck. Plugs in on either end. I would recommend installing, or having installed a switch to turn both of those wires off when not needed. You never know when something will puncture them or they will become otherwise exposed and you absolutely can't have them making contact with the frame of the truck.
Don't think you would want to try to mount this to a factory bumper. It's just not strong enough (I have a '92 Ranger and the bumpers are not made for winch mounting). You'll probably need a special bumper.
You will need a mounting plate or bumper designed for a winch.
It should mount on any vehicle, you just need the vehicle specific bumper and/or winch plate.
Most cars weigh 2800 to 4500 pounds. This winch is rated for 8000 pounds. Most experts on rigging suggest having a winch 2x the strength needed. So, yes, if you are doing vehicle recovery for vehicles stuck in snow, mud & ditches, it's perfect. If you need a winch to pull a semi-truck weighing 12,000 pounds,than no. M-8000 (8 thousand pound rating).
The fairlead has 2 bolts that go to the winch itself, generally through the bumper, however it should work about the same with no bumper between it and the winch.
yes. I had a 2012 jeep wrangler rubicon ...but...I added the ARB bumper that was able to accept the winch. So, if you leave stock bumper on...I am not sure..
The 8000 "s" is synthetic line, which is always more expensive, and more difficult to care for. I have the "old-school" M-8000, with steel line, and from all of my research, it's the LAST of the affordable U.S.-made Warns available. Their Zeon and VR types are Chinese, and their only other U.S. made winches are the really heavy duty ones (like Power Plant/12,000lb.) Ramsey still makes their winches in the U.S., but they use permanent magnets, which have their advantages and disadvantages( http://www.pirate4x4.com/forum/toyota-truck-4runner/744390-winches-8-000lb-vs-8-000lb.html ) I used a SB 8000lb for years, but from my experience with Chinese made anything, I sleep better knowing I have an American made winch to cover my behind when I'm in the mountains. Hope this helps:-)
I have a Micromot 50/E that fits. Diameter of the fitting part should be around 20 milimeters max.
I think it is made of die-cast zink alloy like the rest of the tool. Only the post is made of steel. Very light, it is not stable at all. I do not recommend it.
No, not without significant modification. Proxxon has a 1/2 dia cylinder on the end of the body that engages the clamp on this drill press.
Yes, it will work with a 50E. Be sure and read some of the negative comments about this press---- I did not have these problems, so it appears that QC is shaky. 99% of problems with these 12v tools come when buyers expect them to do work that is too heavy duty or too complex for a hobby-level machine. I like my press set-up very much, but I'm not using it to machine D2 steel either. It works fine with woods, brass, plastics, silver, and other hobby grade stuff. Heavier use demands heavier $$$. john
Very unlikely. Your rotary tool has a conical ring just behind the rotating head. This stand is designed to grab on to the cylindrical area just behind the rotating head on the Proxxon tools. It would have a very hard time holding on to your rotary tool.
The Proxxon Stand is designed to fit the "neck" of the Proxxon Rotary Tool. The "neck" of the Blue Hawk rotary tool looks like it is different and I do not think it will fit.
No, it will not. The Proxxon motors have a cylindrical (about 3/4" dia x 3/4" long) end that is clamped in the outer end of the stand (yellow in the photo). The same area of the Dremel 4000 is shaped to fit one's fingers comfortably and securely and cannot be successfully clamped in this stand.
An additional strap is needed between the two shoulder harnesses - NOT to lengthen the 12 ft. strap, but to help stabilize the item being lifted. One strap for a 250 lb. washing machine allows it to shift back and forth. This shifting allows it to damage door frames and might result in actually falling off the single strap. That is dangerous!
It can, keep in mind the piano is EXTREMELY HEAVY! The Shoulder Dolly was relatively new when we moved the console piano. I am 64 inches about 145lbs and the other guy was 66 inches 160lbs. We would lift the piano with the dolly a couple inches off the ground, just enough so it wouldn't scrape the clients floors, and then take it a couple of feet and set it down, and repeat until we got it off the Uhaul truck and into their house. The load will be felt on the lower back. Also the shoulder straps might dig in your neck so pull the shirt up from the collar to deal with that. When using the shoulder dolly don't squat all the way down to pick up the piano. Just a couple of inches so the piano can be carried. There should be a handle on the back of the piano and the other hand can go on the side of the keyboard for balancing. The piano we moved had delicate legs so we refrained from grasping the piano there. Hope this helps
I wouldn't recommend lifting people.
The measurements of the lifting strap itself is 12 foot x 5 inches.
The strap connected to both harness about 142 inches, the harness from top (nape) to the strap lock buckle about 30 inches.
Oh for sure
Yes, it would be perfect for a sleeper sofa. The strap is long enough and it will be able to handle the weight. The only problem would be the leg strength of the individuals picking up the sofa. My son helped me and he is 13 years old and weighs 120 lbs. My sofa is about 8 feet long and 300 lbs and it worked great. Taking items upstairs with the Shoulder Dolly can prove difficult, but loading and unloading are a cinch. Any individuals giving bad reviews may not have used it correctly.
Not so hot, unless you have very wide stairs and move them up sideways. Basically its a roughly 3-inch wide strap that attaches to a shoulder harness, so you carry the weight down through your torso and legs (big muscles) rather than just your arms, which are used to help guide the object. Problem with narrow objects like flat screen TVs (even in their original boxes) is that the strap can slip sideways a couple inches as you're negotiating stairs or turns. Not a big deal when the object is 2 feet wide, like a washing machine, but could be a real problem with long narrow boxes.
I used this setup to move all my appliances so with 2 decently strong adults you should be able to easily move that package. Instead of using your arms to lift you use them to steady the item you are moving. The strap is 6" or so wide so it is not hard to balance as long as what you are lifting is pretty balanced.
I don't know about the actual width, but unless you are heavy set then you really don't need to worry about it. If you are just using it for one or two items then don't worry about it either way.
Not suggested per international codes. You can temporarily jack up things with hydraulic jacks but the standard is to replace this temporary lift with a permanent in-place post of some sort.
Yes. Each jack is supplied with a two-piece handle; the two pieces slip together to make an approximate 18" long handle.
Apex.9 inches tall with apx7.25 inches lift
max is 18 inches
I have used this jack for the same thing and it did a good job for me . good luck
Min. height is 9 1/2" and Max height is 17 7/8" Hope this helps
Nope. It's a bottle jack with air in the reservoir. If you use it in any way other than as pictured - vertical - you can get air into the piston, and air is compressible and would lead to failure.
I do not know.
Probably, but not very practical for this purpose. It would have to be set beneath a very solid point on the frame, and there would not be enough clearance in most cases. Also probably would not provide enough vertical lift.
No
I think that is a question for extech. Works well in a swimming pool.
The instructions say to push and hold the Hold/Mode button until it says PPM but ours tended to change to PPT (which is parts per thousand) for some reason so we just multiplied that number by 1000 and that was the reading for PPM.
No, it should be calibrated. Make sure you have it set to read salinity. The pool water should read around 0.3 percent, or 3 ppt or 3000 ppm. My chlorinator also reads the amount of salt and it agrees well with this instrument.
No. I had to buy the calibration fluid separately. Best deal I could find was a two bottle combination ($27 more) which really bit the big one because I only needed just one bottle.
I used the meter to measure the salinity of a swimming pool that had a great deal less salt than a saltwater aquarium and it worked just fine. I don't see why it wouldn't work for an aquarium.
"Standards" solutions can be purchased from Amazon or other chemical supply stores. There is a manual that comes with the meter that describes how to recalibrate the instrument using the standards.
Thank you for your inquiry. This winch is meant to connect to a 12 Volt Battery. I hope this helps answer your question. Renee - ProMark Offroad
Ladies and Gentlemen, I have mounted mine Inside of my enclosed Car trailer. Its really not meant to be exposed to the elements all of the time. If you mount it on an open trailer, I would keep it covered when not in use... This is a better quality winch, which has real good pulling power. The remote switch is nice too! Good Luck! Harry
I power mine by using an Anderson Connector directly from the vehicle supply through a regulator and have no problems at all, GW
Three
I would say only. One. 10 ounce will work
yes!
You can use aquarium silicone to bond dead rocks while all surfaces are dry. Live rocks with organisms on them must stay under water at all times and cannot be treated with silicone.
Any primer you wish. The silicone will stick to anything and seal perfectly. Keep in mind that nothing will stick to the silicone, including paint; once the silicone is cured it repels everything. Even oil based paints. You can not paint or seal this silicone. Most primers and varnishes are not "waterproof". The only paint I know of that's submersably waterproof is pool paint. You'd prime, paint, then silicone if you need a leak-proof joint, otherwise use a regular caulk.
Absolutely! It works great anywhere you need a water tight adhesive sealant
Absolutely.
Can't see why it wouldn't. But an exterior concrete caulk might be more appropriate.
Yes, it should but with the flexibility of vinyl it may not hold permanently. It mainly depends on how thin and flexible the surface is and how it will be used. I would tend to stay away from it and maybe look for something like contact cement.
Yes, but make sure u have the appropriate bracket support for your tank design
this product is not glue. this product is caulk. it remains flexible, even under water. for repairing broken glass, you might consider the many resin glue compounds on the market; the kind where you mix a hardener with an adhesive. if allowed to cure for 48 hours, in a warm and dry climate, this might serve your purposes better.
Yes, it'll fit 1/2 ID tubing very nicely.
No
Return side, you want the pump to be throttled back from the effluent (outgoing) side of the pump. If you out it on the influent(incoming) side of the pump you could create a situation where the pump is running and not enough water to getting to it. Pumps need to have as much water available to them as possible. Not only do I run small pumps in aquaculture systems, but I am maintenance manager for a rural water district maintaining their pumps as well.
Not much just like a normal plastic ball valve.
It is 3 1/4 by 1 5/8
There is one valve in 1 order.
Hi Victoria, for air use I would use one of the Jordin or Como air valves. I used the Little Fishies for my powerhead to regulate water flow, I don't know if it would work for air. Also, the Little Fishies valves are for 1/2 and 5/8" tubing, which is quite large. I hope this helps. Ed.
No, the photo just shows 3 different valves, you'd get (2) 1/2-inch valves and an assortment of (6) clamps. I've been running this valve as a flow control in my aquarium for 5 years now with no issues.
Yes, it can.
No it is not, sort of a white with strawberry specks
No. That is the last ingredient listed.
no. it is the final ingredient on the list.
My order arrived with just the roller. Picture showed roller and a refill. Not worth the price with just the roller.
Pull the old one off push the new one on
It is like masking tape material. I really love it. I use it on furniture and myself, before I leave the house sometimes. I did try to use it on my cat once, which it worked and picked up a lot of hair, but she was not as amused as I was. LOL!
Dear Tobias: I don't have a tape measuring tape, and i am down to my last couple of sheets, but the closest I can compare it to is a smaller sized toilet paper roll with 60 squares left on it. I am estimating between 1 1/2" to perhaps the size you need. I am sorry I can not be more accurate. I know that probably isn't much help.
Hi Catherine I'm not sure I understand your question the people who developed thus would do the ultimate testing. I'm an end-user and as I use it on myself on my clothes on my bed anywhere else that there's hair and finally yes I use it on my Grand basset hound. None of us have had any ill effects in fact it helps us feel better because it gets the itchiness of the hair off. Before I use it on Mr. Knight diamond I ensure that I have got this section use some so that it's not too sticky when I run it over his coat. When I run it over my arm or my legs I wear shorts a lot I usually use a brand-new piece. I hope this helps some and like I said remember I'm an end-user in only use it in my house and for my own use, so I don't test anything. Have a great day.
If it can be done I haven't figured out how. I just buy new ones.
Probbly not
Yes. I used the same one I use for caulking.
Most definitely strong enough to!
I ended up sending this back because it's not really a glue. It's more of a sealant and I was needing it to "glue" bricks together in an outdoor fish pond.
I did 432 inches of a small animal hutch! 2 levels each being 4ft by 10ft! And I actually did 2 divider walls too! So 1 tubw should be plenty! I used a silicone caulking gun!
I used one tube to seal a 20' patio seam between the wall and the top of a corrugated fiberglass roof and most of the 10' patio roof. I grant that my bead varied in thickness but I was generous where required. I did not clean off the old caulk where it showed no signs of cracking or being crispy flakey and did skip some areas but it did the better part of 30'. It is the only caulk that doesn't dry up and crack outside in Arizona sun and heat. I now used it everywhere since it is tenacious material under varying conditions, i.e. windows, bathtub, shower, patio roof, ect. Cuts down on recaulking considerably.
See clear
Yes
I wouldn't recommend it for piecing together a waterfall. It's more of a sealant than an adhesive.
i would not know This is made for fish tanks. fish tanks top out at like 80 tops.......you would be better off asking the maker.....and I have not even used my tube yet...
Haven't had any problems. Just tape off areas for the over-spray. This stuff is SUPER strong. Used it on veneers and it is awesome!!
Yes it can be used for outdoor items. And it does dry clear. Follow the directions and you will have success.
3M rates it to 250F. See http://multimedia.3m.com/mws/media/682505O/3mtm-sprayable-adhesives.pdf
Like a champ
I think it will but you really need to clean the surface well. I never did what you're doing but it is a pretty good adhesive! Good luck! joe
Nope, most spray adhesives (including this one) don't use a shaker ball. A good 60 second shake and you should be good to go.
It will stick "almost" anything to anything. Very good stuff.
I used the adhesive in the marine industry, carpet , vinyl , that are exposed to water often with no problems , not sure if it would hold up with constant water contact but it would be a great product to try , like most 3M stuff it works well
I would pick something else. The heat will only make it weaker.
Pretty sticky ! May not come off , I used it for auto interior carpet. It has not came loose.
No, the threads you see are for the nut that tightens the flange and holds the bulkhead in place. You need either a 1" nipple, onto which you can screw a female threaded fitting, or else a 1" male to femate threaded adapter. Either way, you need 1" male threaded fitting into the bulkhead.
This link is to a web site that offers 1" bulk head fittings designed to fit thicker tanks: http://hayward.thomasnet.com/item/specialty-products/es-bulkhead-fittings-long-length-with-large-flange/bfa1010sfl?
Not sure what you mean about complete. With the male and female threads, you just need a threaded pvc plug. With already having a 1" hole you would probably use a 3/4" bulkhead fitting. I install four in my plastic 50 gal. barrels for my pond filter system. They work perfectly.
I wouldn't, it's meant for a 45mm hole. Unsure if it's 40 or 80
The recommended hole size is 1 3/4 I had a 1 7/8" hole saw and tried it with an old sour cream tub to see if I could use that and not have to buy another hole saw. Have had no problems with the 1 7/8 hole in my hydroponics setup.
Both sides of this thru bulkhead fitting [TBF] are 1" FPT.
I put two in my cart and it showed double the shipping, so am guessing not. So I switched to one, the 2nd was just going to be an extra.
It is 1 in female pipe thread inside
I'm sorry I use this for a pond application
1 1/4"
It will do 2" but remember it is not pipe thread so hooking onto it is an issue.
No and the outside threads are not IPT.
1 3/4in hole. 45mm glass bit.
2- 7/16"
yes
Yes this is a 1 inch slip fitting that means a 1 inch PVC pipe will slip into it. Just as any pvc fittings that Are 1 inch slip
1 3/4 inches or 45 mm depending on if your hole saw is metric or standard.
This is for a hole that is 45mm
It is. I don't see why you can't cut it shorter just try not to mess up the threads so you can still use it.
Its 2 1/4'' from bottom plastic part w/out rubber gasket or nut. With rubber gasket ant nut hand tightened its 1 1/2''. So I guess you could go w glass as thick as 1 inch because there's a 1/4 inch lip on bottom w/out thread.
helps you breathe deeper, reducing your dependency on oxygen.
This particular spirometer is for inhalation therapy according to manufacturer specs. Hope this helps.
Let out all of your air from your lungs. Place your mouth on the mouthpiece and inhale as much as you can. Watch the arrow rise up the tube with the markings. You may do this several times, and several times a day. You will see the progress with practice. It really works at expanding your lung capacity.
Yes the mouth piece and tubing will detach for cleaning. The spirometer is disposable and should be replaced every 5-6 months or as needed. You can always buy new tubing and mouth pieces when needed.. We always provide instructions. All incentive spirometers are not the same. Don't buy the wrong one. Please call for a free consultation by our staff Respiratory Therapist. Joseph, Owner / Respiratory Therapist The Breathing Shop, LLC Phone # 862-251-4971
may be a little large .... but if there isnt anything else....go for it
Yes. It has a release valve.
The dual chamber theory of operation does not inherently prevent it from working in a horizontal orientation. The issue will be whether or not there will be sufficient oil continuously available at the pump with it laying on its side. It may work with the pump jack handle oriented in one position but not turned in another. For that you'll need to experiment and see if it will work in the configuration you are needing. First of all make sure the jack is completely full of oil. I don't think you can over fill them. Try adding oil with it positioned in the orientation in which you plan to use it and see if it will take any. That may make all the difference. I suggest you first go down to Walmart or Harbor Frieght and play with a jack or two before you buy one if your application requires a horizontal orientation. Experiment with one oriented exactly as you need to use it. All those cheap Chinese bottle jacks are essently the same so playing with one should be as good as another. Please post the results. I'm now curious if it'll work oriented on its side. Good luck! Jeff
The bottle measures at 1.910" The Piston 0.865".
Its minimum height top to bottom closed all the way is seven inches.
The low height for this 2 ton bottle jack is 7 1/8 inch, the raised height is 13 5/8 inch.
What ever you want.
Height is 7 1/2". Is that what you meant by length?
It is going to be a tight fit. I sold mine with the car but my 2003 wrx with a 1" lowering kit on it and it still fit. if you can find the ground clearance on that car -1 in that will tell you about how tall it is
I found it hard to do that. I used the jack to lift an unwieldy under-panel of a wooden cabinet so that I could seat it just right before screwing it back on. I taped a small piece of plywood to the panel to avoid the jack from digging into the panel. A platform on the jack itself would have made load balancing easier. It might have worked if I had used a 2 inch thick piece of wood, drilled a hole halfway through it slightly larger than the diameter of the jack head, and slipped the block onto the jack head to serve as a platform. On Amazon, there are number of inexpensive scissor jacks with platforms on them.
There are no holes and the base is rather small. The best bet is to do what I did and use a router to route out a hole the size of the base and use a couple metal straps across the base. Hope this helps. By the way this is an awsome little jack and for the price and Prime shipping can't be beat.
No. They are not compatible. The grounding grommet on this work pad is a button style snap connector.
No, it in to help protect the sensitive micro circuits in the equipment we use from ESD (Electrostatic Discharge) Phil
Joweria, it uses for removing the static (ESD) from your body before you accidently touch the component in your equipment and destroy it. You can search on the YouTube for the topic, "Electrostatic Discharged". When you have an equipment opened as a radio or a computer boards, you need to lay it on this mat and the cord will connect to ground (the ground of the electrical outlet). So, every time if there is an electrical static discharge from your body, it will short it to ground instead it will discharge to the components on the circuit board an burn them. To purchase this mat, you also need to purchase the ESD wrist trap in order it will remove the static to the ground before you will touch the components. Good luck!
It's a rubber mat so maybe it can resist computer heat.
One reviewer said it is 5 feet long when fully extended.
Yes, this strap adjusts on both sides of the shoulder padding so that it can fit a tool bag to fit just under the armpit all the way down to the hip. When it first shipped, I thought it would be too small for my needs as it was adjusted down, but it really adjusted out so that I use it as a shoulder strap for a gator acoustic guitar case. The metal clips never come off like the cheap plastic ones they are using now on many bags/cases & this strap is a fantastic replacement. My only thought would be that the Nikon camera itself (rather than a Nikon camera bag) may need to have a strap fitted with a D-ring in order to attach directly to the camera as I believe that it merely has slots to weave in a strap and the clips are pretty good size.
About 2" inches.
There is no leather in its construction, to my understanding; the strap is nylon and the shoulder pad is some gel stuff wrapped in what I assume is polyester. The hooks are metal. Overall, it's durable.
Silver
Because they are out of stock.
No.
That may be a question you would have to ask the manufacturer. I can say that I use this strap on a range bag, carrying ammo and it is more than sufficient. I have about 60lbs of ammo in it and it handles that fine. This strap is definitely built to be more durable and last longer than any other strap I've found.
Do you mean the maximum extended overall length? If so, I measured the max length as 51 inches.
im sure d-rings can be found on this site at a minimal cost.
They are Fluke products in Fluke packags
About 1"
As far i informed know yes. The same package as the local fluke supplier. Same quality,look, feel, usability. Only for alot less than the local supplier I've purchased from in the past. The TL75 leads are very good. I use them daily on my job as a service technician. I need leads I can trust and know they will last. That's why I bought the fluke leads.
Yes. Most fluke leads are compatible and this looks like one of them. Good lock!
yep
Sorry for slow response. I cannot answer your question off top of my head. I have a Fluke 322 and have had it for over 10 years and still going strong. My guess is that it does fit. Most of them are universal or pretty close that as long as they slide in place and make a connection it will work. And yes this set I ordered on here came with alligator clips. But it was approx 8 months to a year ago. So they could have changed it. You may check with seller to verify.
I really don't know - they do fit the Fluke 75 however. Do you have the originals still? These have a internal prong split into 4 that will slid inside of a socket in the meter. Diameter of the plastic insert is 5/16" and the length is 29/32" Hope this helps you.
Because your water softener is simply replacing calcium ions with sodium ions, so it's normal for the reading to be about the same. Water softeners don't filter, they substitute a "softer" ion for calcium.
Yeah the write ups on Amazon are pretty poor, the TDS-EZ does NOT have temperature compensation the TDS-4 has temperature compensation. What temperature compensation means is that the ppm reading will not vary as the temperature of the water varys. The temperature compensation is good from 1 to 50 degrees Celsius, which is 33.8 degrees Fahrenheit to 122 degrees Fahrenheit. You can find this out by going to HM Digital website, which is (I will put in f_ for forward slashes and blank for period): www tdsmeter comf_imgf_selectionguide jpg . BTW, if you look at the reviews on Amazon for HM Digital TDS-EZ (the non-temperature compensated one), there is a review written by John A called, "Convenient, simple to use. Not temperature compensated" and he shows the ppm reading variation vs. temperature for the TDS-EZ meter. It is very large more than 100% variation in ppm reading from 54 degrees to 130degrees. Generally for the extra few bucks I wouldn't buy the TDS-EZ, if you do buy the TDS-EZ it is only good for relative ppm water readings and all the water samples have to be at the same temperature for the relative reading to be valid. Given this headache the TDS-4 is a much better buy given the bang for the buck.
Sort of. The meter measures total dissolved solids, whether it is calcium or sodium or potassium it does not distinguish. Hard water is hard because the calcium is dissolved in the water, therefore if you take a reading with a hard water sample, you'll get back a reading with a high number as compared to a sample from a properly working reverse osmosis system or a sample of distilled water. Likewise if you take a reading from a soft water sample you will also get a reading with a high number as the calcium has been replaced with sodium (or potassium) in softened water. The meter is primarily to confirm that your reverse osmosis system is properly working and when the membrane filter needs to be replaced.
No it just checks for dissolved solids.
The TDS meter checks for dissolved ionic solids. Charge matter little. Positive or negative pH would give similar results. ie a pH of 9 would probably yield a similar TDS value as a pH of 5.
Yes, the more salt the more electrically conductive the water will be, which is what this measures.
It does not have a specific test for Fluoride.
It only measures total dissolved solids, as gauged by electrical conductivity. If that will help you with nutrient levels, great, but I suspect the answer is really no.
No, it's listed as TDS-4... The TDS-3 says TDS-3 on the unit....
No, it is just to check purity or cleanliness level. It doesn't tell anything else.
The sponge is exactly 10" wide and the rubber squeegee is exactly 10" wide. The handle is 13&#8541;" to where it is riveted to the bracket, 15" to the furthest edge of the sponge.
I don't think it would be economical to replace the blade as the squeegie is cheaper or as cheap as new blades. and no I don't think it can be replaced anyway. Unless you clean windows more than once every 2 months (how many people do that? lol) it's worth its cost.
yes it does; I had my own pole also, pretty standard size I think for all screw=on squeegies.
No. But I don't think you should care about water in the sponge. Get the sponge wet with fresh water, scrub the window with it, then use the rubble blade to remove the water from the window. This works great. Bit heavy, but well built.
NOPE
Yes, I think I mentioned that in my remarks. But I had two pole extenders and once you take off the squeegie from the wood stick (about a foot long), it screws on. I have used it twice now and LOVE the sponge especially. It's easy to dip in the rectangular bucket found at walmart for $2. Won't fit in regular small bucket.
Mine is white painted wood - seems very strong. But I just noticed on the current product description that it says "Sturdy steel handle". So maybe it's been changed since I got mine last October.
Just got mine out to check. Yes, the back is hard plastic. The dimensions are 11"(L)x3.5"(W)x1.25"(D). Type J for mops #20 & 27. Hope that helps!
I bought it at Home Depot.
Yes. The clips are the exact replacement that came with the mop.
3/4 inch and 3 1/2 inches. in from either side. There are 4 total. I have an old mop. So I drilled new holes and made it fit. They change periodically so.... you must re- buy a good working item. I guess it is parts of MARKETING ! Pizzes me off ! I might try the squirt mop next time. Squeeze the trigger and cleaning fluid comes out for as sanitary mop job..then Replace disposable cloth mop head. I'm sure I can use an old towel for the mop head and eliminate buying PRICY disposable heads. Good luck.
I purchased several mops because of the replacement problem. The mop head that is pictured here is for model #27. You need (I think) the type S refill. The model number on the package is #0442, and it is also indicated on the package that it is for mop #45.
Did u check amazon for sponge that is S size
No this is J
just the two outside bolts
Hi! I just checked (have ordered 3 times) and this refill only has 2 locking nuts. Maybe your mop might be an older model. My package says jumbo, "new quick lock". My mop is probably 4 years old?
The professional model has plastic screws not the pop on ones. Update: sorry about that...it has the plastic pop on ones.
I did not notice any unpleasant odor.
It will adhere, but I would not use it, as the material might flavor the tea. There are glues specifically for ceramics that would be preferable. I have glued several broken ceramics over the years, including a teapot lid, using Weldbond. But I never subjected a repaired piece to full exposure to heat and water. In other words, Weldbond or equivalent will work for the lid to a teapot, but I wouldn't try it on the teapot itself unless it was only going to be used as an ornamental piece.
Yes, the cap can be screwed back on. Over time a plug of solid silicone will form in the neck of the tube, but I found that I could easily remove it with a small sharp-pointed knife. Using this method, I have been able to use one tube of silicone for more than a half-dozen projects, up to almost a year after first opening the tube.
it is not intended for that use. I would not do it
It is clear.
Sorry, never heard of Pit Crews Choice, however I've been using this for years and have found numerous uses for it, inclucing that of an adhesive, perfect for various applications....and this is a good price for it
I tried to use it to seal plexiglass to sheet metal and it did not work at all. It may work for your application.
These are pretty big tubes-- but I'd get two to be sure.
Hi Katrina, This is a great product and should work to seal up a tail light but you will need to lightly sand the surface of the plastic lens with 220 grit sandpaper so it will have something to grab and not peel off once it is dry. I would use painters tape to protect the lens and just leave the damaged area exposed so that you don't get the sealant on the rest of the lens. If you mask it off before you lightly sand it this will work great. I hope this was helpful. Dave J.
yes
This should work great for you. Just remember you only need a very small ball as it flattens out & if you use too much it will run in the hot weather. I used this on my most precious statues and they never moved in 7 years. I recently removed all of them for cleaning and put new gel on them where I know the semi's going past won't jiggle them off.
Yes, yes and yes. It sticks to various materials better than others. I believe it is not suggested for porous materials, but I have had it on wood, drywall, metal and plastic without a problem. It will come off without leaving any residue in all of my experiences. It sticks, but you just peel it away/off with your fingers/fingernails. Not a big deal at all.
I have never used it to hold up any wall hanging. My experience with this product makes me very hesitant to use it for your intended purpose. The weight of the art work will be a big consideration. If you are willing to give it a try, you would be a experienced source of information for the next potential user. Good Luck.
this is not anything you would bake, it is used to keep items from rolling off/out of a space and break. I have used this for art glass pieces that sit on one another and virtually do not move or slip.
I have found this product to be extremely efficient. I have some delicate figurines and they stay in place. I even use it on a shelf over my microwave oven and the items that would move with the vibration of the oven now are stable. I think this would be excellent for your antique bottles.
It is very easy to peel off, and it hasn't marked my wood shelves.
It should work fine. I use it on my antique wooden sideboard. It holds my art beautifully without staining.
My opinion is "no." This is not an adhesive. That would probably need to be museum wax. I ordered it to stick a glass perfume bottle to the top of a platform, and it did not work. I am now ordering museum wax for the adhesive property.
In my opinion yes, hopefully the pedestal is sturdy
I have used on glass and most other products....I have no problem with it. You may be using to much putty. minimal amount,small pea size , placed at 12 3, 6, and 9, is usually how I place small pea size. Hold object gently and push down.... If glass is vase full of water ... I have found it will not &lt; work. Hope this helps!
It can be removed. You will get some foam and the can may not be reusable at a later date. Make sure you understand the use of the cleaner and how to clean the gun. I have several guns to use for different foams so that I can leave the cans on until fully used for up to a three week period before cleaning.
no. You need to cans made for the gun. They are screw on cans. I get mine for e bay store called awarehousefull.
Yes it will, I purchased this for window and door work. But have used it more to seal gaps around pipes, seams around chimneys, boiler rooms
Good luck. I have tried to get parts several times from them and they keep saying no kits are available, buy a new gun. I take them apart, clean them and reassemble. The other part that is a problem is where the foam can screws on. I keep getting leakage in that area.
It should work...but as I said in my review...It's a TERRIBLE product! Deano
I suggest you contact the maker. I have found it is a simple matter to make my own using clear plastic tubing that fits over the nozzle tightly. I decide how long I want it. I then use some form of heat to melt the end together if I need to develop a smaller or angle opening. I use a scissor or pair of snips to do the shaping. I hope this is helpful. I have not found the plastic nozzles readily available as a separate item to be purchased. Hope this is helpful
I believe so. I use it for waterfall foam on water features with Atlantic and others black foam. I have used a Hilti gun with the same foam. I think most of the "pro" foam type guns use this standard connection.
If the gun is clean and the can is pretty full it will shoot a foot or more but you really should have the nozzle a few inches away from where you want to insulate.
Rustoleum suggests using there etch system for the system. I choose the seal krete etch and clean at 1:1 ratio. Worked pefectly... just follow directions but change the ratios......and clean clean clean....
My experience with this product was terrible - read all the reviews!
by it's self its pretty slick when wet. Theres an additive that you can mix in that will help. But I'd be hesitant about using it in a shower
Dont know. My floor was over a year old.
Sorry but I never received from Amazon. Did buy at Home Depot. If appled exactly as pet the direction it should hold up well. Good luck!
I aslo had this problem in one room and just put it over the glue, it took more paint and the coating had worn quicker than the other room that I rented a sander and removed the glue. Cost of sander rental was about 50 bucks. The only good thing about leaving the glue was even wet it was not slick but hard to sweep up the floor. I would never do it over glue again.
As a epoxy, i would say no....Companies make specific products for outdoor use....
Not sure what you are experiencing. I had no such problem but used it indoors last fall. If it is cool, it is likely to take longer to cure. Humidity in the air is also a factor and certainly if the concrete has water content from washing, the cure could be prolonged. Likewise, wrong ratio of resin and the hardener could do the same. And stirring it thoroughly is necessary. My advise would be to let it sit until it is NOT tacky. If that never happens, I would add very thin coat of sand and brush it lightly. eventually, it will harden up.
Wow! I wouldn't expect it to be sticky after 3 days. I'm assuming it's solvent based and not the water based epoxy. My best guess is you have high humidity which will make that paint take longer to dry. Give it a couple more days to dry and hope it drys good.
Yes but if they havent changed it in the last 5 or 6 yrs id look for something else. This stuff wears off to quickly.
Rustoleum suggests using there etch system for the system. I choose the seal krete etch and clean at 1:1 ratio. Worked pefectly... just follow directions but change the ratios......and clean clean clean....
My experience with this product was terrible - read all the reviews!
by it's self its pretty slick when wet. Theres an additive that you can mix in that will help. But I'd be hesitant about using it in a shower
Dont know. My floor was over a year old.
Sorry but I never received from Amazon. Did buy at Home Depot. If appled exactly as pet the direction it should hold up well. Good luck!
I aslo had this problem in one room and just put it over the glue, it took more paint and the coating had worn quicker than the other room that I rented a sander and removed the glue. Cost of sander rental was about 50 bucks. The only good thing about leaving the glue was even wet it was not slick but hard to sweep up the floor. I would never do it over glue again.
As a epoxy, i would say no....Companies make specific products for outdoor use....
Not sure what you are experiencing. I had no such problem but used it indoors last fall. If it is cool, it is likely to take longer to cure. Humidity in the air is also a factor and certainly if the concrete has water content from washing, the cure could be prolonged. Likewise, wrong ratio of resin and the hardener could do the same. And stirring it thoroughly is necessary. My advise would be to let it sit until it is NOT tacky. If that never happens, I would add very thin coat of sand and brush it lightly. eventually, it will harden up.
Wow! I wouldn't expect it to be sticky after 3 days. I'm assuming it's solvent based and not the water based epoxy. My best guess is you have high humidity which will make that paint take longer to dry. Give it a couple more days to dry and hope it drys good.
Yes but if they havent changed it in the last 5 or 6 yrs id look for something else. This stuff wears off to quickly.
Certainly. It needs to be protected from the weather... no open rain or snow. Our use is sliding garage doors.
This Stanley Trolley Hanger fits any trolley rail purchased at your local hardware or lumber store. Some people refer to these rails as box rails or barn door rails. They are 1 " wide x 2 " tall and can come from 8'to12' long. Amazon sells a trolley rail this fits; http://www.amazon.com/Stanley-Hardware-8-Foot-Trolley-263301/dp/B000AXZ9JO/ref=pd_sim_hi_2 Regards, Greg
Yes they are plated, be sure to buy the "Stanley" brand as I bought the lesser copy and ended up throwing away and repurchasing. The bearings are much better in the Stanley unit.
No they will not. They trolley wheels are approximately 2 inches I used them with the stanley box rail
2
Good day Jamie. I hung a 36"x72"x2" wooden door (using 2 of the double rollers). Door weight ~95lbs and they work great. The door is opened/closed at leat twice daily. The rollers are a great product @ a great price!
Depends on your placement on the door. I used2 per 8 foot door, one on the top.
It is my opinion that the N112-102 is a sturdier option.
I screwed mine to a 2x4 but needed longer screws a 1x 4 board is what is made for
No
In my experience, yes it CAN help!
Maybe some clerk mistakenly marked it for some reason, did you install it and try it yet?
What is your question? What type of AC unit do you have, i.e., RV roof unit, portable unit, floor unit, wall unit, commercial roof unit? Every capacitor is different based on it schematic drawing located inside cover plate. I will assume you have a RV 13,500 BTU AC unit. If so, take the cover off the air conditioner unit of your travel trailer. Open the access panel. Look at the schematic drawing on the access panel or ac cover. The brown wire is for the fan of the ac unit, do not install to the brown wire. The hard start capacitor black wire that has extra connector at the end is connected to red line and the other black wire is connected to the yellow wire of the ac unit. The instructions that came with the hard start capacitor should show which black line with the extra connector connects to the red line and the other goes to the yellow line.
No, Sorry This will not work on a blower motor
Quite frankly, I am not really smart enough about surge watts and the like. I use my capacitor for a 230 volt 4 ton air conditioning condenser. So, I do not know if that relates what your situation is.
Parallel it across existing capacitor
Very carefully...there is a static charge of high voltage involved and I recommend you let an electrician do it.
I installed this on a 2.5 ton Goodman, and it worked flawlessly. I doubt the 3 ton model will be a problem.
I wish i knew the answer for you. I used this on my household air conditioning unit and it did a great job. I think you need more info regarding why your motor won't start, but suppose you could just try it and see if it helps.
The one I received was a standard caulk tube with nozzle.
This stuff is the strongest construction adhesive I have ever used. No glue is stronger than the surfaces to be joined. Whatever caused the pulling away, if finished just fill the gap, if not no glue will stop it. This stuff is the same as the polyurethane adhesive at Lowes, by 3M or DuPont -? and cheaper than Amazon.
If you use this in conjunction with a french cleat (screwed to the studs) it will most certainly hold it without moving. When this cures, it is usually stronger than the wood it is bonded to. Good stuff.
It is my understanding that the pressure treated wood that you are refering is treated with copper naphthenate (green in color). I believe this has been either outlawed or the allowable amount has been reduced. They also have some woods that are treated with some type of treatment that is brown in color. Yes, I have bonded these materials together. It works best when both the water content in the wood and that the treatment is dry. Copper naphthenate is an oil. If you treat the wood yourself to add additional protection, glue the materials together first and let it dry. Hope this helps!
No Gunter is the product you need
No, the product is meant to keep water out, you might try a super glue.
No. It's great stuff. If I need a clear caulk, typically on glass or plastic, Dap Kwik seal is very good.
I don't know. My guess is that it's not waterproof or maybe it just needs to set up or dry fully for several days before it can get wet. I would try it again and let it sit for several days before filling the spa. If that doesn't work you may have to look for a product that specifically says it is waterproof and will stay clear in wet applications. Good luck!
This product is not rated for marine applications. While it is water resistant I would not trust it in my bathtub let alone any more significant body of water. Please read the product information for this item, it is asking for trouble to use it for something that it is not rated for.
Before, but don't let that fool you into thinking one can isnt enough. Depending on the size of the space your tring to fill one can may be more than enough. The foam will expand at roughly three to one and while it may fill up many times the volume twenty wet/dry ounces it starts off as twenty ounces of liquid.
The surface can be a little moist. Some moisture helps it cure better. It cannot be in a lot of water though.
yes
Yes, you use it like super glue.
not sure what you are asking.
The only mention of a solvent on the package suggests that if fingers get bonded, message cooking oil into the area to "peel," not pull, bond apart.
Even though I have not glued plastic handles for blinds specifically, I have used it for just about everything else. My husband makes custom model buildings for railroad and car buffs with various types of plastic and wood and it works perfect. When you glue the handles just make sure you carefully hold it without gluing your fingers along with it or better yet use a clamp i.e. a workshop clamp if a large job or a binder or clothespin if a small job until it dries.
This glue seems to work on anything.
I think this would be a great choice for porcelain. I used it to repair the handle of a cup my grandmother got me many years ago. I'm not sure what it's made of. I'm not sure if it's porcelain, china or ceramic (I have a moldy brain...), but it is of that type of material and it worked for me. Very clear and sticks where you put it; my handle is a little off but it is stuck on there and fixed.
I used the Loctite on plastic which did not hold due to heat. I would not recommend this to a friend.
yes, it dries clear.
I do not know. Seems like a lot of stress in dishwasher. I have no idea how the glue performs in water.
Yes.
I think it will if your suction hose is 2 inches. I have a 16 gal Master Mechanic Vac and it works great. Sure saves on the fine dust that mine created before installing the bag!
Not sure? The height in the vac could be crucial. Also, the bag is somewhat flexible?? Trying is the only way that I Know. Sorry I can't be more helpful.
This bag fits vac bought at big box store. Should fit any 16 gallon shop vac.
3 bags
They fit mine..
yes you can use it to LED flash to music.
NPN transistor
the price is per transistor. they work really well though.
I nedeed just 1 for my Led sound system
Yes, it actually holds it very well. the rim actually hold on to the side of the bag which prevents it from falling into the trash can.
Dear John, To be on the safe side I WOULD NOT fill the container with hot water. It's rubber and fairly soft, so I only fill it part way to protect yourself and/or others from being burned. Lee
I don't know that there is a lid for this specific trash can. It is normally just a small bin that is left under your desk or for personal trash. It is only 8-10gal so it is not ideal for a kitchen or other space that you would normally want a lid.
~12 in X 8 iin
i haven't found it to be tippy. it's a very dense plastic can, not thin and cheap like most trash bins. not necessarily weighted at the bottom but heavier than typical trash bins.
22-1/4" H X 18-3/4" W X11-1/4" D
it is a little rounded at the base but taking that into consideration the base measures about 8 and a quarter inches wide and a little under a foot long.
Dear kat, Unfortunately there is no lid, as this is just a larger wastebasket. Lee
Dear Jason, On the bottom of the wastebasket, it's listed as being manufactured in Virginia. I hope that this helps you. Lee
If you still need an answer after November 2 ask again, and I will be near it to measure it.
Black.
It's pretty "heavy-duty," so it should lift a riding tractor mower if you have a sturdy place on the mower to hook the two together. You may have to get the Hi-Lift Jack ORB Off-Road Base for it if you're doing this on other than a hard surface. Good Luck!
Yes
Measure the distance from the ground to the spot on your jeep where you would attach the jack if you needed to lift it to change a tire or what ever. Your jack will have to travel upwards from that point the distance of your suspension travel (call your dealer if you don't know). When your jack has lifted your tire off the ground, my rule of thumb is to have another two feet of left due to uneven terrain not to mention the stability of the jack. So to sum it all up you would add say 30 inches, ground to bumper, plus 10 inches of suspension travel, plus 24 inches for safety. This would require you to buy a jack as close to 64 inches as possible .
Can it yes Should it probably not You could use it but theres a chance of bending or scraping your bumper If this doesnt bother you then go for it if it does bother you i reccomend getting an aftermarket bumper first
Dear Hatebeard. About 25 - 30 cm. Regards
YouTube theres alot of videos explaining what to do and what not to do Just search how to use a high lift
No
No it doesn't.
Stock bumpers without damage? NO Aftermarket off road, all day long, YES!
The rated load is 4,660 lbs though the shear strength has been tested to 7,000 lbs.
In Indiana by the Bloomfield Mfg. company.
Yes, you can pull fence post with them. I just wrapped transport chain around it, secured it, and then ran the chain over the lifting tongue. You lift it and out it pops...
I think the red one is all cast iron and the black one is cast iron/steel.
You could do it with 1 hook. You just need to wrap the chain so it doesn't slide up the post when you are lifting. Use the hook to loop over the lifting part of the jack and attach to the other end of the chain
I do apologize - we do not ship overseas.
Yes. It's much more than you need actually, I lift the bow of my 3,000 lb boat with it regularly. However, You can't leave it unattended. If you use it to jack it up and place wood or jack stands under it then fine. But if you just leave it, it will tip over.
Don't really know as I have a 60". Sounds like a misprint.
They're both fine for pretty much all the use most recreational off-roaders will ever have for them. But go ahead and spend the extra $5 and get the "All Cast" version (the red one). It'll live through a little more abuse, and you'll look cool fitting in with all the other guys wheeling with them mounted to their rigs in one way or another.
If I recall correctly, you can print up a pdf copy of the instructions off of their website.
I no longer have the box for this one but I think you will find that most all BP cuffs are made with latex. Your best bet is to contact the manufacturer.
Yes. To take a blood pressure you need both the cuff and a stethoscope. For only taking blood pressure An expensive one is not required. After you get it have someone teach you the proper method of taking blood pressure. Good luck.
The range is 25.4 to 40.6 CM.
Sorry I do not know the answer. Have you tried contacting the company who made it?
Its regular adult sized. When mine came in, it wasn't calibrated (it was broken) and I had to take it in.
Yes, it has a metal clip that you press to attach or just hang on it.
the thing you squeeze to inflate sphygmomanometer
Yes.
Well, it actually has a pretty big range, but it is adult size. It definitely would cover medium adult. On the scale, I would say it's probably an 11. Pretty much standard adult. :)
well i dont know about that but im happy with mine :)
Yes it comes with extra pieces
Stealth is all black, even the metal parts. Black has silver metal with black tubing and cloth.
Reg. size. For adults
Although not clearly stated on the brochure, at the time of my purchase, the manufacturer and repair department was located in California. Contact the manufacturer for more current information.
The arm cuff secures with Velcro to fit a range of sizes for an average adult arm. The actual guage is not adjustable, that I know of, but doubt you'd want to mess with it anyway. Hope that helps!
Both diaphragm and bell come with it
The one with a large cuff is Prestige 80-OB
Yes you can
I ordered without regard to color. The unit I received was as pictured (black). However, the chestpiece was pediatric-sized, but for taking blood pressure, it did not really matter to me. Good luck
I no longer have the box for this one but I think you will find that most all BP cuffs are made with latex. Your best bet is to contact the manufacturer.
Yes. To take a blood pressure you need both the cuff and a stethoscope. For only taking blood pressure An expensive one is not required. After you get it have someone teach you the proper method of taking blood pressure. Good luck.
The range is 25.4 to 40.6 CM.
Sorry I do not know the answer. Have you tried contacting the company who made it?
Its regular adult sized. When mine came in, it wasn't calibrated (it was broken) and I had to take it in.
Yes, it has a metal clip that you press to attach or just hang on it.
the thing you squeeze to inflate sphygmomanometer
Yes.
Well, it actually has a pretty big range, but it is adult size. It definitely would cover medium adult. On the scale, I would say it's probably an 11. Pretty much standard adult. :)
well i dont know about that but im happy with mine :)
I no longer have the box for this one but I think you will find that most all BP cuffs are made with latex. Your best bet is to contact the manufacturer.
Yes. To take a blood pressure you need both the cuff and a stethoscope. For only taking blood pressure An expensive one is not required. After you get it have someone teach you the proper method of taking blood pressure. Good luck.
The range is 25.4 to 40.6 CM.
Sorry I do not know the answer. Have you tried contacting the company who made it?
Its regular adult sized. When mine came in, it wasn't calibrated (it was broken) and I had to take it in.
Yes, it has a metal clip that you press to attach or just hang on it.
the thing you squeeze to inflate sphygmomanometer
Yes.
Well, it actually has a pretty big range, but it is adult size. It definitely would cover medium adult. On the scale, I would say it's probably an 11. Pretty much standard adult. :)
well i dont know about that but im happy with mine :)
I no longer have the box for this one but I think you will find that most all BP cuffs are made with latex. Your best bet is to contact the manufacturer.
Yes. To take a blood pressure you need both the cuff and a stethoscope. For only taking blood pressure An expensive one is not required. After you get it have someone teach you the proper method of taking blood pressure. Good luck.
The range is 25.4 to 40.6 CM.
Sorry I do not know the answer. Have you tried contacting the company who made it?
Its regular adult sized. When mine came in, it wasn't calibrated (it was broken) and I had to take it in.
Yes, it has a metal clip that you press to attach or just hang on it.
the thing you squeeze to inflate sphygmomanometer
Yes.
Well, it actually has a pretty big range, but it is adult size. It definitely would cover medium adult. On the scale, I would say it's probably an 11. Pretty much standard adult. :)
well i dont know about that but im happy with mine :)
5 3/4" x 4 3/4" x 1 3/8". Good size for auto cubbyholes.
Not that I could find. This is the only place that I found them. I have several years supply now.
yes it is
I'm not sure your question could you be more clear
Our company doesn't carry anything like this but it should be on Amazon
Yes I believe it will
The box size is 5 x 7 and I think about 2 inches thick. It fits perfectly in our 1998 Mountaineer that has a place to hold a Kleenex box in the console. They are called junior Kleenex size boxes.
5.75" x 4.75" x 1.4"
It will. However, understand that, in my experience, it is VERY light duty and not very durable in the long run. If you're just occasionally washing the bathroom/kitchen floor it will probably be fine. If you have a business lobby, or a locker room to clean, look elsewhere.
That is why I got it. I have hardwood floors and the light microfiber "mops", "swishers" and other ones that have a liquid pump required a lot of effort and rubbing to get the smallest spots of dried dirt up. The Pullman had bristles if you are doing soap/water on a ceramic floor...no issues of scratching. If you do a hard wood floor, you place microfiber pads or clothe over the bristles to keep from scratching.
It does very well with a medium dilution of Simple Green. Use a generous amount of cleaning solution and the carpet brushes (if necessary).
I do not have marble but see no reason why not to as it is a very light machine and it has the soft pads that fit over the brushes so it should not scratch the marble. Be sure to have the area free of dirt and grit before use.
If you mean ceramic tile floors with grout, I think you will find it lacking. I have found it to work adequately on smooth floors and will buff hardwood floors. HOWEVER, I personally find it useless for scrubbing tile as it does not have the weight needed to get into the grout lines. I
Hello Paulette, yes it can be used on carpets, I have used mine. On stains and then used carpet shampoor to suck up moisture and rince. It does say in instructions some commercial carpet cleaner user scrubber...
Yes this is the main purpose of the machine.
If the flagstone has been coated it should work ok. This is not a commercial type scrubber, kinda light duty. It suits our needs, our floor is smooth.
Yes. But it's just a light mopping, enough to get the water off the floor.
My floors aren't scrubbed as I thought they would be with the Pullman Holt. It didn't do what I expected it to do. It's very hard to replace the attachments on the machine. Price was great. But I guess I thought this little machine would help me with my floors. So I don't think it scrubs that well.
Probably will not bond. Works best rubber insulation on metal
This is an adhesive and is more for sealing weather strip to metal.
No, this 3m adhesive is made to stick to rubber and painted metal and creates a strong bond between the two. Because soft tops are a canvas material and vinyl windows, I would not suggest this, but rather a patch or possibly something like this:
I would say no didn't hold the plastic I needed it too
I think it is too flexible for this job
I would say no. It's not that kind of adhesive. My suggestion would be to go to an automotive paint supply store and tell them what you're wanting to do. There are adhesives out there that amaze. I adhered some fender extensions 15 years ago and they look like I did it yesterday. Check with the body shop experts in the automotive paint store. Don't use JB Weld!! Get the right stuff and you won't be disappointed.
I looked at my whirlpool fridge and I would guess that it would reattach it to the fridge. It provideded a very strong bond on my truck and would give it a try myself if the seal came off of my fridge as well. Good luck.
I would not.
Yes with the right glue.
Yes
orange
This is all I know about the Dynabrade Dynabrade 56106 - 5-Inch Sanding Disc Pad, Vinyl-Face 3/8-Inch Thick Urethane Medium Density 5/16-Inch-24 Male Thread
It has their logo on the sticker, It works on ours.
It's a 5" Pad designed for a 5" Oribital Sander
Yes, it should filter e-coli and all other bacterial contamination, like all RO systems would.
No bucket, no tool. Rag - yes.
Correct. We have this system and have been really pleased!
That "Air gap" was put there for a purpose. It is for drainage. The newer models doesn't have a hole in it so in fairness to your question - yes you can.
I may be mistaken but as far as I know LF is just the filter assembly, no faucet, no tank.
I think so. I just don't stop flowing.
Hi Gray, The Aqua-Pure system includes the storage tank, first set of filters/membrane, faucet and an installation kit. Some additional parts may be required depending on the installation. Once installed and the system is flushed it can be used. Thank You, Customer Service Center WaterFiltersOnline
Yes this is a great brand and this sku is extremely popular
[Sorry, I am having computer problems.] Re the filter. I guess it depends on the quality of your water. We are on a private well, and the water is very good. Our habit is to change the filters every 9 or 10 months. The plumber's rule of thumb at our house is to change things when the water starts to run slow - that could take a year. I'm too neurotic to wait that long! Lastly, there seems to be little water wasted in the process (maybe a small container's worth, about a quart). Best wishes, Lauren
It supports both Celsius and Fahrenheit
It is not illuminated at all. A simple digital display. Clear with moderate room lighting.
This thermometer records the minimum temperature both inside and outside. It also records the maximum temperature reached outside and in. Thus you can see how cold it got or how hot it got in and outside of your house.
That should not be a problem with the Extech Thermometer. The battery compartment is not sealed water tight and there are slots in the unit to let air in to read humidity so I would make sure it is located outdoors where it would not get rained on.
I do not know exactly, but I am going to say at least two years. They rarely need changed. Battery life is impressive.
Amazon, when you ask for feedback like this, you need to identify the product. If it's the infrared repeater, I'm using it about 10 feet from the TV and it works flawlessly after the equipment warms up for a couple of minutes. Initially, it's necessary to step closer...4 or 5 feet...to change channels, adjust volume, etc. I'm happy with the product.
Yes.
It is a manual reset. It keeps the min and max until you rest it.
No. It is a piece of crap & it has batteries?
No, but I had bought on years ago and two more recently and put them all together and they all measured identically. I also have a two thermostata along with humidostats and the reading on those is in line with that of these devises.
Yes it does !! I used it around the door of our shower and it applied and has held up very well.
You may blend one or more of these tubes to match the color of the cracks/seams to be filled. Squeeze the appropriate amounts of Seam-fil onto a clean sheet of cardboard, blend the colors together until you have mixed them to the correct color, and fill.
Hi: My understanding, and experience, is that SeamFil is a putty-like substance that will fill small holes and cracks in the surface of the laminate. It's possible to get a very close color match so the repair is nearly invisible. Typically, it is used to fill scratches, nicks caused by knife tips, or small flaws in the Formica/WilsonArt laminates. I don't believe it can be used as a glue or cement to make two surfaces adhere to each other.
Works really good as a filler for scratches. Also, it had been awhile and I made the mistake of shaving the edge of of a countertop that I had just ironed on without putting tape down to protect the top from the roller on the bit. Marred the top edge pretty bad. I was able to apply a skim coat with two different colors on the calico top with a razor blade for a pretty good repair. I'm the only person who notices it. I also skimed a coat on a blemish on a bathroom vanity top and with some wet sandpaper made a beautiful flawless repair. Only thing was that I was never able to match the color exactly but still the vanity is much better than it was. Just looks like it has a manufacturing flaw. I've used the stuff four times now I think. Saved my life! If you were good I suppose you could skim a coat over a burn? Perhaps you could take it down just a wee bit with your thumb and a piece of sandpaper and then do the skim. Good luck.
I think it would. I covered a gouge in my countertop that had the black part exposed. On one of the instructional YouTube videos for this product, they were filling in the seam between two countertop pieces. You might have to practice putting it on though. If it doesn't look right when you've placed the product, you can remove it with the solvent. I made a mistake the first time I applied it, and was able to take it off with the solvent (it had only set a minute or two) and then try again.
It should
No it can not. Nothing that is orm d is allowed.
Doesn't work well foe me
In a word....NO
yes, find a seamfil that match the counter color. wait till is completely dry before you use the counter. good luck, and please use a cutting board ;)
200 lb
I use this cart at my center and we love it. We don't use it for tools. The shelves are 3 1/4 inches deep and there is 8 inches from the bottom of one shelf to the top of the next shelf.
It's at my shop and I won't be there again until Monday. If you want to wait, I'll get them for you next week.
32.5 inches.
I own this vacuum,I also have a huge husky-lab that sheds unlike anything I have ever had in my house,this vacuum is excellent for picking up hair,it sucks better than any vacuum I have ever owned.I do my floors and furniture and car,it's not good for carpet.
Both of these items can be found on Amazon with reviews for each. They are nearly the same with the exception that the S3686E is a slightly more powerful motor, 14amp vs 12amp and comes in a different color and is more expensive then the SC3683A. Search for both model numbers on Amazon and read the reviews.
not retractable runs warm after few minutes
There is no quick release for the cord, but don't let that be a determining factor for this awesome vacuum. It is light and easy to carry. I love the strap on it which allows me to safely use a ladder for high areas. It doesn't take up much room to store. I have a large shop vac, a small shop vac a high quality canister vac and a very heavy upright vac and this little guy is the one I use most of the time. Better get it!
1 3/8 inches
Not really. We use it in an auditorium. Works great.
I have both and they both work well. However, the Sanitaire seems a little heavier and more well built. I had the Sanitaire first and later ordered the Mighty Mite since it was cheaper. I was very disappointed at first with the Mighty Mite as it seems so much more cheaply built but once I used it I could see that it still had the great suction that the Sanitaire has. I do like the attachments that came with the Sanitaire so much better but they are both good vacuums. I now have 2 Sanitaire's and 1 Mighty Mite and I couldn't do without them!
I didn't buy the filter since the bags have 99.7% filtration. It is very powerful and I'm very glad I chose this model.
And the big floor attachment that has a switch for cleaning with a brush (not a beater brush) or just flush. One is for smooth surfaces like hardwood and the other for carpet.
Yes mine came with one bag. I still ended up buying an extra set plus a filter for it.
The vacuum cleaner has a heavy duty bag that attaches at the bottom and clips at the top. No other bag is needed. The dust and dirt collect in the bag. When full, the bag is fairly easy to detach (I am not a mechanical person and I can do it without instructions, even). I just dump the dust into a garbage bag and reattach the bag. So, you can not use disposable bags inside the cloth bag.
It weighs about 12-13 pounds (I just weighed it on my bathroom scale :)
With mine I can't tell any different the only thing is mine don't have a floor light wish it did.Now it do not have a bag neither to change I like that on expense...Really that all I can tell you.The cord on mine is only 30ft on the home bought one it's 50ft.
Yes
yes it is.
I think they sell a bag that will fit, but it's designed not to use one.
It works well on any kind of carpet. It has different settings depending on the thickness.
No
YES, BUT HAS NO ZIPPER FOR REPLACEMENT BAGS
Its a metal roller with brush bristles coming out of it. If you look at what you are doing and be careful, I am sure it will be fine.
Per the description: Factory preset to 150 psi and 210 degrees Fahrenheit. Also be sure if you need a 1/2" npt or 3/4" npt thread. Usually RV water heaters are the 1/2" like you are looking at.
No it is pre set.
I have had this in my motor home for more than two years now and it works just great. But sorry, I am not sure where it was made as I have lost all my information on this item. The motor home is not handy right now are I would go out and see if their is any information visible on it. Camco Manufacturing is a North Carolina business however and is listed as the top 100 private companies in North Carolina.
All I can tell you is that if it matches the specs for your heater it will work. It worked fine in my attwood.
I doubt it has lead since it's hooked up to your water supply but I'm not a plumber. Check with the manufacture.
No. The one you have is 3/4 inch pipe thread, the Camco is 1/2 inch pipe thread
That product skimmed over pretty fast after you applied it.If it were me I would use it where rain was expected in two days.My use was in warm weather and inside a garage,so I am basing it on those conditions.
I used it to seal a new Bilco Basement Entrance Door that a contractor had installed improperly. It's metal being fastened to cement. It worked well. I used polyurethane rather than silicon because Bilco recommended it. It applied easily enough but keep in mind that it is not water soluable for clean up.
This would probably be overkill, a good quality exterior caulk would do the job & would be sooo much easier to use & a whole lot cheaper.
It is thick enough to fill cracks. Important to note is that the color is sliver/grey. I have only used it to hold together cement blocks. I do not know how well it does after months as a crack filler. But it should work if you are OK with the silver/grey issue.
yes it can
yes, as long as both surfaces are clean and free of grease. Maybe clean with rubbing alcohol first? But the caulk is very sticky and waterproof. If you want colors, try sikaflex. You can get it online also. I sealed a bathtub in the pasture I use as a water trough and it's been ten years, in the sun, goats climbing in the tub, and it's still waterproof, sealing the around the drain.
If you have a concrete countertop, I suppose it would work. However, make sure the color is what you want. I used mine to seal between the floor and walls in my basement which it worked fine for.
I would go to Home Depot and get gorilla glue. They have different versions of gorilla glue for different materials. I would only use this stuff for patching up holes in cement.
Sorry merlin, this is a great product, but I don't know if it comes in other colors or if it is paintable.I don't know of any other product to recommend at this time. Good luck, Darrell.
As long as there is no loose gravel, grout or brick dust, this should stick well. It stays flexible, is very sticky and doesn't shrink. Sikaflex is also an option if you need other colors.
I don't believe so I have only used it to SEAL AROUND MY STOVE PIPE ON TOP OF MY CAST IRON FIREPLACE MYSELF BIT IT DOES HARDEN QAUITE WELL AND STAY PUT.
First, I did not like this product.....it does not harden until fired!! Then when fire going, runs came down the stovepipe!! Keep shopping!
No
Black
I have fire logs that were coming apart and used this product to glue back together. They have held up Weill since repair.
If it's dry I used a paint scrapper for excess, small amounts in the brick I was not able to remove. It its still wet or tacky I used a warm rag with dish soap.
I just sealed mine and yes it does, just a tip use painters tape to protect the area and pull it ioff when done! this stuff hard to clean
I don't think I would use it for that purpose, I think replacing the pipe would be safer. I use it to seal cracks in the brick lining inside my fireplace. Guess you could contact the manufacturer to get their opinion.
No... This would not be strong enough to attach much weight. It is more of a caulk, not a thinnset material.
I don't believe this product will work for what you need. It is a high heat cement intended to fill small cracks in fireplace bricks & it works well for that purpose. I think you will have to provide the model # & manufacturer of your unit to obtain what you need. If you have a good local metal fabricator or fireplace/stove store near they might be able to help with your problem your problem.
It does what it was designed for. Quality is average. thumb screws need to be tightened with a pliers to secure the die
I measured the stock opening and it is about 13/16 in diameter, so 3/4 stock should fit.
It will accommodate either. I had to go look to verify.
Yes, both handles can be unscrewed.
I wrapped up my whole apartment and never noticed any smell, this stuff is awesome. Of course, I didn't jam it up my schnoz, or light it on fire, but I'm pretty sure by the time I was done, I smelled worse than my plastic wrapped furniture.
Yes
It depends on the quantity of furnitures that you have to protect. I purchased only one roll to wrap my son's twin size bunk bed and still have half roll remain for possibly my daughter's bed frame. I hope my answer helps.
That is true... about the word furniture. We poked a couple holes in the wrapping so the wood could breathe... and we put cardboard on all the corners of the tables and whatnot so it wouldn't rip the wrapping. I've moved 5 times in the last 2 years for my job, and i swear by this stuff... will never move without it!
I don't believe so as its more like cling wrap not tape. I used it for my couches. There is no cushioning so I'm not sure why you would use it over glass.
I don't think so.
Stretch wrap can get static. Hairs, dust, etc. will stick or be attracted to it.
It worked great on our upholstered furniture. Had our things (most of which was wrapped) in storage for a year with no problems.
If it's an outhouse, I would wait until someone is finished using it, not sure how permeable it is to noxious gases. As for a regular house, sure, why not; the stuff sticks to itself great, but not to other substances, it stretches, and there's a lot of it. It's basically thicker, stronger saran wrap. Good luck! :)
18/100
Yes
I'm not an expert but I've noticed that it sometimes doesn't set well if the objects are too cold, wet, using too much glue or there is a gap between the the two surfaces. When this happens I use an accelerator to "quick set" the glue.
if super glue is safe this will be too. They are both CA glues. Sorry best answer I can give.
I have glued a coffee mug handle before with the thicker Hot Stuff (the green bottle) before and it held just fine, though it was slow drying. After repair I do not know if I would put it in a dishwasher or microwave or not. I just have not tried attempting it myself but would worry about the extreme temperatures.
It can be used as a filler but it really depends on how big the crack. It sticks to just about anything but I am using it mostly on wood, paper & plastic (models).
Yes sandals and paintable
It's the same kind of adhesive as Krazy Glue, just a little bit thicker so it stays in the same place. If you've already tried Krazy Glue and it's not working out for you, this probably won't work either. Try looking for another kind of glue, like a 2-part epoxy.
It is a very strong bonding form of super glue and depending on it's application would certainly be water proof once it has dried. It is ideal for home repair projects and model kit hobbyists It would not dissolve in water and you couldn't thin it out with water either. It is ideal for filling in cracks and seams if applied properly.
I don't thing it will be strong enough. I wouldn't trust it
The container lists CA only. If you want the contents I suggest you contact the company for their MSDS.
I suggest getting a good one if you are going to get one and if your son really enjoys learning. We bought these slides and our girls loved them so much we ended up getting another set that had 100 slides in it.
Hi there are many..Comes with animal, plant, insect, textile, pollen and spore specimens, etc. My granddaughter just loved it for awhile and then when on to find many things around the house and outdoors to view. Hope this helps!
Glass, surrounded by paper support.
Yes.
The largest is 10.5 inches tall and the diameter is 3 inches.
10, 25, 50, 100, 250, 500, 1000 - good quality
Yes, the largest being 1000 ml. For the price it is a good set to have and they clean up easily. The best part is that if you drop one it won't break.
we are using the 800 ft roll.
we use Boardwalk 16GREEN Green Seal Recycled Paper Towel Roll, Hardwound, Universal Roll Towels, Natural, 8" x 800 ft (Case of 6). They work great and they are a good value.
We have only used products recommended by Kimberly Clark. They recommend the 1040 or 50606 towels for this dispenser. You can check their we site for more information.
It uses 8 inch Kimberly Clark paper roll, we are a 4 member family and last about 45 days. One sheet is enough to dry your hands. Very Happy with it.
Manual pull dispenser works flawlessly. Has cut our paper towel usage in half.
No, the description on the tube has a check mark in front of each of the following - "Whitening, Gum Care, Plaque & Tartar, Sensitivity, Fluoride-free, and Gluten-free.
I honestly don't know. I'd contact the company to get a certain answer.
Yes. From Indian coconut oil.
Hello, thank you for bringing this to our attention. This is an error on Amazon's end and you can be assured we have contacted them to ensure this error is correctly promptly. You are correct that the cost is $1.52/oz. We hope this helps! Please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions.
Yes it is unless they can lift the lid.
No, its hinged on one side and flips open and closed.
its firmly attached. i find it to be much better than type where the lid is removable and the hinges/clasps always break.
It's a lot heavier than the regular trash cans. Not as heavy as the garbage companies issued garbage cans though. We are very pleased with the purchase.
I bought this for over at my parent's house. They have a long gravel driveway. It works but they never put big enough wheels on trash cans. Fortunately the handle lends itself to a full on two-hand grip.
Yes it is water tight - the axle does not go through the trash area. I'd caution you from filling it all the way up with water, it is very durable but it wasn't designed to hold 300+ lbs of water (plus the wheels probably can't take the weight either). A 55 gallon drum (something like this http://www.amazon.com/Water-Barrel-55-Gallon-Drum/dp/B006KAAUSQ/ref=pd_sbs_indust_5?ie=UTF8&refRID=06BYBEXQ8RNKR381GC0M might work better)
You need to use the 55 gallon bag (they're black or dark silverish); you can get them at places like Sam's or on the web. The problem is that the shape of the top of the can is odd and not even so you need to stretch it to fit the top starting at an edge. The top fitting perfectly is not the biggest deal but it will fit and stay on all sides it's just a pull.
Comes fully assembled. Great can.
I have had this trash can since August. So far nothing has gotten into it or "eaten a whole in the bottom"! I thought I needed a bungee cord to keep the "giant racoons" out, however, I have not found a bungee that fits or works! So far, so good!
Does not look like it.
No it does not. It is an insulator according to their website. I needed a conductor but this would not work.
I would expect that, technically, it would easily fill and adhere to the ring surface. I would just not know how constant contact with your skin would react. The cured product seems rather inert but you might want to test a small amount placed against your skin for a couple of days to be sure. I would do this before permanently adding to the structure of a ring you might want to keep. I saw another answer recommending a two part product. This epoxy product IS a two part item as it has one part on the outside ring with a central core of the second hardener. You just tear off what you need and then twist and pull the putty-like substance until blended. It will harden like steel.
I don't know if it is a precise enough material to make into a re-threaded thing. It might hold...but more as a glued in type result...Not something you could unscrew again. And if it slipped or cracked it might be difficult to chip out. It does seem that a sufficient amount pleaded very smooth (so there isn't cracks) and put on a cleaned surface ~should~ work, but I hate to say "yes" to an application I haven't tried and messing it up so you would have a piece that couldn't be fixed. I am hoping another person answers you who has tried a similar application!
Yes! It's amazing!
I'm not positive but I don't think so
The JB Weld would fix the crack if the oil pan was perfectly clean. Any trace of oil would prevant a proper repair. If the oil pan is still installed there is no real chance of cleaning it properly. In any case JB Weld ( a very good product) would only be a temporary repair on an oil pan. I would still recomend buying some for your toolbox.
I don't know if there are other colors. I imagine there is a black two part epoxy, but the only ones I've used in the past are Marine Tex and JB Weld which come white and black parts A and B and finish in varying shades of gray. After Googling black epoxy though, here is one that IS black as well as a choice of 3 other colors: http://www.milliput.com/
It all depends where and what materials need to be bonded.
It depends on how much leverage there will be trying to break apart the joint. As long as the pipes are not depending on that joint to carry them. JB Weld seems to stick pretty well to porous and clean surfaces.
I would refer to the manufacturer. I would be afraid that it might give off toxic fumes if it gets too hot.
No sir, just give us your coordinate and we will deliver it via intercontinental missile in less than an hour, guaranteed speed.
[Deleted by the CIA on May 27, 2010 6:30 PM PST]
Absolutely! I had a similar problem and built one slightly larger, (which I do not recommend, by the way) and it not only killed all the inhabitants of that hill, it wiped out a nearby herd of Nubian goats. There were HAZMAT crews and folks from Homeland Security combing the hills for weeks. I think it was the noise and the mushroom cloud. I would definitely not exceed the 1000th scale.
No. Your DeLorean uses a standard GE General Purpose Waste Disposal FUSION Reactor. U238 is not a fusible material, and thus will just clog up the intake, rendering your reactor useless. I recommend ordinary H20 for the reactor, and place the canister of U238 in your pocket, where it will best serve the interests of the human race by improving the gene pool.
2 should do the trick. 3 is overkill. Literally. He'll die if you use 3.
Don't worry, it'll take millions of years for them to even run through half their stock.
Only if your manager has a melt down.
Uranium ore is a serious matter sir
When mixed with real chicken though, you can get one extra wing and one extra leg!
What would be the point?
We sell this product for $62.99. 9" Tire Width Break Strength 6,000 lbs. Safely secures many kinds of vehicles to trailers for transportation. Tie Downs are constructed with heavy duty non-slip ratchet and weather resistant Power Web Plus* webbing. Ratchets are engineered for maximum tension and easy release. Heavy duty axle strap P with high tensile steel rings P allows easy, secure vehicle trailering, using vehicle axle. Part No.. 1275000 and 1275500 employ over-the-wheel tie down design.
I do not know exactly. I tried to use them on a 31x10.5x15 and they were too small. I have never used my set
This is for one tie down
No, it does not beep or talk to you.
8 ft
No
No. You can manually reset, or it continues to eliminate the oldest day as you go, always keeping the most recent 7 days
Not that I can find. The display and buttons are the only I/O devices available.
This product is junk, it did not last one year
No it does not. Saw no reference to calibration, just 1 yr limited warranty.
If you are doing research and need something that has been factory calibrated or certified, look somewhere else, and pay the price. But I've used this to monitor and compare temps in various raised beds and cloches, and I can tell you it's a good product, and very versatile.
Actually it just stopped working so I replaced it with a non-digital one.
I believe they are not true "Electrolux" bags, but I'm using them and they work fine.
I'm not sure what the original bag # was but for the black canister Electrolux OX , it is. We got the replacement from EnviroCare #135 & they are proper fit! And this is the best price by far for 36 bags! Hope this helps. Sorry, I'm at work; to tell you the exact model Electrolux.
I'm not sure if they will work for you. It would make sense to contact the manufacturer to determine that.
If this takes the s bag classic it will. You can check on one of the vacuum cleaner websites or look at the electrolux site to double check. I use this same bag for all 4 of my electrolux canister models.
No... Do not use Bondo to fix holes. It's a surface leveler product only. Holes need to have patch panels welded into them prior to using this to fix the weld seam
The Bondo sets in about 15 to 20 minutes, but I would not use this as an adhesive. Bondo is a filler and I don't believe it would work well as a glue. I would use an epoxy glue if you needed to re attach a piece of wood without clamps. Epoxy can set in about 10 minutes.
You could add some resin tint. Keep in mind it is pink to purple because or the red catalyst.
It's neither. Bondo dries to a bright orange color so I wouldn't use it on your tub or anything else that you don't want to paint over.
I have restored a car with all types of body damage, the filler that seemed to work best all around is bondo gold, holes need to be backed up, bondo has a self adhesive metal material for that, I used a inexpensive set of body hammers and anvils from eastman to knock out the big dents then filler to make the metal even.
Yes, we redid a piece of antique furniture that had veneer on it. We used the bondo to fill in where the veneer was missing. Just be prepared for a lot of sanding. Oh and you will need a hardener as well. Get a paper plate and mix a scoop of bondo and just a little bit of hardener and fill in the spots then sand. It works great.
Yes.
should work very well... used to repair decking and no problems with weather water or snow.
Yes it does, but you probably will want to buy more, which is what I did. No big deal. Russ
Seems to be enough for the whole can if you don't mix too heavy on the hardener.
Yes. This one works perfectly: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0008G1Z32/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Yes, they are sterilized with gamma radiation and are all separately sealed.
They each are in an individually wrapped package, and I assume they are sterilized, or at least they appear to be pre sterilized to me. I use them to skin dead animals, so I am not so concerned about it, but I think they are.
? I don't know but I sure like mine
This is one box only. 10 individually wrapped scalpels are inside the box.
#3 handles fit #10 through #15 scalpel blades
Yes, there are many different blade and scalpel types made for various uses. The number identifies the blade and or scalpel type you are using. These are standardized. Tina at Hairerazor.com
They have them on here...http://www.estheticiantraining.biz/products.php
It comes with a filter that is cleanable and reuseable that is for normal everyday use. It comes with an additional bag that is more for very fine dust (like sheetrock dust). I haven't used this bag yet. I think it is easier to dump out the canister than deal with the bag.
I have not ordered a cartridge filter replacement yet but the number is 903-9800
It's my choice for all three! I have two dogs and hardwood floors, you can pick up anything with this vac and it's made in America!
I'm not sure I understand the question as the text got cut off. I think you mean the size of the hole going into the tank. The hole is at least 2", not the size of the hose itself. You may empty the tank often if you are doing large jobs, but it's super easy and light weight. It stops sucking when it's full so you know. I HIGHLY recommend this vac!!! I LOVE IT!!!
The diameter is listed as being 1.25 inches. This is info' off the web for this model.
Probably, but you'll have to burn the filter bags and wash out the hose when you're done. Not the best thing to use for this. Don't try it as a wet vac without the bag, if they get into the motor or fan it's done for!
Yes.
I would not use it on my area rugs or carpets only because it does not have a turning brush head to pick up fine hair, debris, etc. I'm sure it would be just fine for a quick pick up.
It depends on the filter. A foam sleeve is used by itself for wet pickup and with a disc filter for dry pickup. I have the pleated cartridge filter and don't use a foam filter.
About the same as most other small shop vacs. I am satisfied with the noise level.
That's about the same size I have and did. I split my garage in two and used a box per side. I spent a week prepping the surface and didn't want my toolbox and 1971 Corvette sitting outside. The extra prep time will pay off. I put the stuff on pretty thick and still had extra leftover after each side. I bought a couple of extra bags of flakes, but at most, one extra bag will give you fairly heavy coverage.
Before you recoat, the paint that you have on the floor MUST be in good shape. No peeling or chipping. There is a test where you take a razor knife and make an X in your old paint, then cover the X with duct tape then pull up tape and if it is less than 10% (I am not sure it could have been a little more than 10%) that comes up with tape, you are good to start prepping the floor. Sand the entire floor with 60 grit paper. You can use a electric sander. Rough up the original coating and clean dust WELL. Vacuum, Dust Mop and rinse and dry. There can be no residue on floor. Now you can apply Rust-Oleum solvent based floor coating NOT WATER BASE. I know this sounds like a lot of work but it beats the highly dusty mess from using a diamond sander to remove old coating to bare concrete. This Rust-Oleum solvent based floor paint is an excellent product and for me the coverage was more than advertised.
My garage is my man cave. I work on cars and lawn equipment. The only thing that ever effected the epoxy is when brake fluid sat on it overnight. Gasoline,thinners, and oil did not have an effect.
I rented a floor scraper from HD and mechanically scraped the old paint off my basement floor with a floor buffer type machine with a special pad. Tough work but worth it. Floor looks nice
No. You must purchase non-skid additive separately.
Good question? I put mine on long ago and don't have the box around to check. But, they looked like the TAN BLEND. I put on double and was very glad I did. I used some that were left over from my son and some of another brand that was available at Home Depot. I mixed them all together before I started, so that I would have a uniform blend. I also measured them out equally into about 10 clean margarine containers and put one on each 4'X6' area while the paint was still wet. I hope this helps. You might want to call Rust-Oleum!
We would suggest purchasing 2. Always want to go long and not short on something like this.
Yes, I did one half of my garage at a time. I bought a disposable plastic bucket and poured half of part A in and then half of part B. That way I only mixed up half at a time.
No etching agent included and I had more than enough flakes for me. My area was 24 x 26 and I used one and half kits total 3 gallons with about a gallon left over.
I don't know how combustible the fumes are but since you're doing a basement floor I'm guessing ventilation won't be a good as a garage so I'd contact the manufacturer. I will say that my husband turned the pilot light for the water heater off over night when he applied the product. The next morning he lit the pilot with no issues. We left the man door open all night and the overhead door open 1" to help it dry and vent. I just love the look.
All boxes are the same color.
Plain tissues-no lotion
Sorry, can't really remember. Maybe 40 boxes? I would've remembered if I felt like it wasn't many. The boxes were standard width & length, but half the height so I would say half the amount that comes in a standard tissue box.
There are 36 boxes with 100 tissues each (2 ply).
The new bag comes with that plastic piece. That plastic piece ( broken) seems to be the main reason most of us have bought a new bag. I've had mine for almost a year and am quite pleased. The only major difference between the two seems to be the "ORECK" name is not printed across the front.
if you're talking about the clamp that secures the bottom of the bag, then 'no' it doesn't. the upper connector is obviously built into the bag itself but nothing is included to secure the bottom.
No. We had to take the plastic off the old bag and put it on the new one.
Yes it will perfectly
I apologize, but I don't know the answer to that. I only have the XL. I don't know the difference.
Yes, absolutely does. I was so happy to find out how it fits perfectly with my Oreck. You will be happy with your purchase.
The bag is pressed on to the plastic teardrop shaped part. The plastic tab that is parallel to the rectangular aluminum shaft is not used on the XL model. You must have the metal spring clip towards the bottom to complete the installation .
I don't know, it fit mine that I bought about 7 or 8 years ago
Yes, the outer bag is just a replacement for the original outer bag. The disposable inner bag is still being used.
Yes the oreck replaceable bags snap into it on the inside. It's a decent replacement for the original I purchased one.
The wheels are the weakest part of the cart. I replaced my wheels with 10 inch by 1.5 inch hard rubber wheels. You can buy these at the big box stores. The best price I found was at a farm and ranch. First take the plastic axle caps off and notices the axle diameter. The replacement wheels will need to have the same diameter. Cap on one wheel then slide 4 one and three quarter inch washers onto the axle, (be sure you buy washers with the proper inside diameter. Slide the axle on and place another 4 washers and the other wheel and cap. The purpose of the washers is to make up the slack caused by the narrower wheels. At first I though the narrower wheels would make the cart less stable but have found this is not the case. I routinely load this cart up with over 250 lbs with no problems. Hope this helps. Rich
I use the Easy Roller more for weeding, planting, cleanup, pruning and general yard maintenance. For the heavier stuff like soil and mulch I use a wheel barrow. We love the Ames Easy Roller for it's utility. It rolls fine.
Yes. I have two of these carts and I couldn't work in the yard without one. I have two in case something happens to one of them!! (lol)
it is gray, i had one before that was green. this is my third one! one secret try and store it out of the weather, the plastic will evenually break down.
I bought mine at Menard's.
It is about one tenth of an inch.
Yes, this product contains 2 strips, 4.125" x 3.375"
Yes, Dr. Scholl's Molefoam Padding has self-stick adhesive, and cuts to size.
Not sure if it will, but they are the best ear buds and soft and fit very well. I hope this helps you.
Depends on the size of the tubing, but I have used them on everything from cheap no name stethoscopes to Litmann Master Cardilogy scopes and they are MUCH more comfortable, and I find I can hear better with them.
They should.
Yes
I'm so sorry. I don't know. You might try going to Littmann website and seeing if you can contact them by email. I'm sure someone should know there. Good luck!
They should fit perfectly; from my search history they fit all littman stethoscopes.
Yes! Mine is about 12 years old and they slipped right on.
This fitted my littman cardiology III
Yes, if your talking about the small plastic ring that holds the diaphragm in place. I received everything needed to completely replace mine. I had broken the ring on mine but lost the diaphragm.
yep
I used this replacement for a Master Classic.
3.5cm for the small side of a Littmann cardiology III.
No
you would need to add the item to your cart. most items we offer have free shipping
No, it only includes the larger diaphragm. I recall that Littman carries the smaller bell diaphragm piece and you do a search on amazon as well.
I have a Classic II and it works fine. I don't know if cardiology will work with this.
Not sure, it will fit the Master Classic II which I have, so you can check the specifications and see. The diaphragm measures 1.75 inches or 4.4cm. See below: http://www.littmann.com/wps/portal/3M/en_US/3M-Littmann/stethoscope/stethoscope-catalog/catalog/~/3M-Littmann-Master-Classic-II-Teaching-Stethoscope-Black-and-Burgundy-Tube-40-inch-2139?N=4294958433+5928483&rt=d
yes
Yes! They are made in NY state. https://www.metrovacworld.com/about
Yes, the vacuum comes with a warranty and the cord is quite long. The company also has parts and suppplies with good service. I began looking for the lightest-weight vacuum that "does the job" and this is what I decided on. I really like the "portability" and suction and ease of pulling around as I vacuum. The carbon filter needs to be replaced periodically, as I recall about every 300 (600?) hours but you can get the part (inexpensive) from the mfg. or send the vacuum in for checking, etc. It's been $55, which I feel is reasonable. I REALLY like this vacuum! Good luck.
I had forgotten so I looked at my attachments and YES, there is a strap. I just never used it. It is wide and looks like it would really hold up. There are clips on either end of the body of the vacuum where the strap hooks. This is a great vacuum manufactured by a great company! I love it.
I returned the vacuum. I did not think it worth the money I paid for it. Tried it when I got it and thought it was fair at best.
I also purchased this and love it! My vacuum works so well. Perhaps yours has a glitch or is a lemon for some reason. I know one thing, the manufacturer stands behind their product. Simply contact them through their website and let them know what has happened. They will definitely help you out.They are a family owned company with great values. Contact them!
? what about carpet? if the question is, "does it do a good job on carpet?", the answer is "yes".
No I did not.
My model Beth is a 4.0 horsepower OV4 and it has three very sturdy wheels ....In some ways lessening chances of scratching floors ..hope this has being of some assistance ..Denis.
Through Amazon or direct through Metropolitan.
I believe a universal floor brush would fit.
I would guess that the mschine is now unfixable and burned out. I believe it's only designed to run on standard 110 household voltage.
??? According to Amazon, this thread is about the Oral-B Pulsar 40 toothbrush. Are you asking about the Water-Pik? If so... these days most electric appliances can handle either US or European current (110-220 volts, 50-60 Hz) and only require a plug adapter. However the bottom of my Water-Pik shows only "120 volts, 60 Hz". Therefore, you will need to get a voltage converter from 220v to 110v to use the US model Water-Pik in Spain.
110 v
Mine is not, but you need to ask the manufacturer, not another buyer.
Yes, mine came as only a 110 Volt machine.
good ,i like it very well .
Electric cord is about 5 feet. The hose is spiral and about 2 feet.
This stuff will stick to anything so you should use a mixture of 1-part dish washing soap to three parts water. Put solution into a sprayer. After you run your bead of caulk out of the tube, spray one pass with the solution, and then use a good caulk-smoothing tool to smooth out the application. Caulk smoothing tools can be purchased at any hardware store, Lowes or Home Depot. Good luck.
Yes, it's a perfect product. BUT you need to clean any old caulk completely and any soap scum etc. Use Acetone to get all oily residue in well ventilated bathroom. Apply in a very thin bead and smooth out with wet finger. WET finger is the key ! Dry finger will ruin your application. You can add more if not enough and smooth over again. Removing too much of this stuff is a nightmare and almost impossible. It's very sticky. Once it's cured it looks wonderful and is waterproof. Lasts forever. I had my shower enclosure caulked in with this stuff, looks like day one. Good Luck ! Rose
There are places where I have used this indoors & out over 2 years ado. After reading your question I checked & it is still flexible.
I checked the tube, it says not suitable in areas of submersion. I guess this answers your question. NO ! Their website is www.sashco.com. or call them 1800-289-7290. Hope this helps.
I have tried about every type of caulk there is for various bath and kitchen uses. Lexel is a very superior product for adhesion and water resistance. It's main downside is the fact that it requires careful application and keep in mind that it does not have water cleanup. I use masking tape to mask both sides of the seam I wish to caulk. I apply a bead of the caulk and then smooth it out with a popcycle stick. This makes a round caulk seam and the tape catches the extra caulk that would otherwise get on the surface you wish to keep it off. Remove the masking tape carefully within a few minutes. You can remove excess caulk from hands or tools with paint thinner. Silicone caulk is another alternative but in my experience is not as durable as Lexel. Both however, are superior to acrylic caulks that do have water cleanup characteristics. Acrylic caulks do have their uses but when adhesion and water proof qualities are paramount you cannot beat Lexel.
I normally use Sashco Big Stretch everywhere around my house except for the tubs & showers, & I consider it the best caulk I've ever used. For tubs & showers I use Lexel, which is excellent caulk as well, but it is more difficult to tool than the Big Stretch. Other than that, I think it is great caulk & it still looks great after several years. Hope that helps!
I used it within 24 hours.
I used to have the same problem. I remember, I went to Home Depot. They have a grey product specifically made for this application. I don't remember the name. I am sure you can ask someone there. It is still filling the cracks and is doing it's job. I would not use Lexel for this application.
I bought a six-pack in the summer of 2012 because I can't find it anywhere in AZ. The expiration date on them is April of 2014. I still have a couple left, but my husband, who is a retired dentist, said not to worry. I'll use them up before I decide whether to order more. I like the taste, and this packaging is easier on my arthritic hands. This is all that I can tell you.
All packaging was removed and put in trash. I only have the toothpaste tubes now. have one tube left from my first order with exp date of 5-20-15 and 6 new tubes from my last order with ex date 9-15-2015
I get a six pack. the exp date on this order was 9/14. I am on my next to last tube. I made this order in october 2013. all the tubes have the same exp date.
I have both and they do not interface. Swiffer needs to wrap and tuck as the these pads need a velcro type bottom to interface with. Pads too heavy to wrap--swiffer handle not heavy duty enough to try to adapt pads to.
Fits 18" frames and used for mopping clay tiles.
No, these are very user friendly and work very well on all types of floors, in my experience. They have a long life as well. I highly recommend the cloths.
Velcro on the bottom of the mop head. Not sure how the clips work. Very flexible and good mopheads.
18" x 4 3/4"
Yes
Yes. We are using it on a carpeted surface. Works perfectly!
I have only used it on tile floors. I am very happy w the product.
I see no reason why not. We use it on tile, but also tile with a rug over it. Works great, much better that the Master Lock version, which we had before.
It is designed to be placed under the door knob at certain angle to hold/secure the door. It has two rubber ends - upper fork-to-knob connector and lower sloped floor stopper. It might work for a window if you change both rubber parts to a flat stoppers. Tnx, Al
From where the door knob rests to the bottom of the foot mine expands to 46 inches :) hope that helps
Yes, I had no problem doing so
It could. It's very long so you would need to wrap it around many times but you could secure the two ends. Maybe tape over the release lever so it won't get loose so easily
No, I would say strap is made from a poly material that would melt. Fix your muffler or carry some wire for emergency repairs.
On a medium to small carrier, yes. On a large carrier, I'm not sure.
You could do that with no problems. You would probably want to burn/melt the end you cut to keep it from fraying which isn't a big deal.
I was lucky the buckle on mine failed when it WASN'T securing my kayak to my vehicle. At a minimum, I'd have lost the boat, and at worst, killed someone on the road. The buckles are only designed to last slightly longer than Amazon's 30 day return window. I got a couple months out of mine, but needless to say, won't be buying more. If you shop around, you can find much higher-quality units for less, amazingly. I should have done so the first time.
When I drove from Florida to New Mexico I drove through 50 mph winds over the mountains and my straps did not budge. Good value for the money.
Unfortunately no. It is the same as any other tie down you pull tight and tie off. I wish it had a locking mechanism to it. It does seem very durable though.
No.
I see no reason why not though I'd prefer a positive locking buckle.
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
I use it to clean my bike chain and components, and do not dilute it. But that's the way it comes - in a sprayer bottle.
Contains water,surfactant ,chelator,builders,colorant and fragrances.Does not contain phosphates.Biodegradable and orally non- toxic.These are usually found in most detergents to help them dissolve better and work efficiently when added to water.
i use it in my glass shower to remove the deposits so I know it works for that purpose. it would be safe to use inside the dishwasher, in my opinion, but there is something simpler that I'd suggest. Purchase white vinegar. Put a small casserole dish on the bottom shelf of the dishwasher, upright and pour in a cup or so of vinegar. Run the washer on hot. You may have to do it a couple of times to get them all gone but it works. I do this once every other month or so to keep the deposits from forming.
Get Simple Green CONCENTRATED for that type of job , they sell two kinds, and yes, that is what I use it for
From doing a little research they seem to be one in the same.
None. Take a WET rag, hydrogen peroxide, and an iron. YouTube it. 1. Pour the peroxide into stain. 2. Put wet rag over 3. Put iron on high WITH STEAM on top of rag (just set it) for 10-30 seconds 4. Blot off- works on tons of stuff! Better for you than simple green nasty stuff too, and works better too!
I use a ten to one ratio; for everything else a twenty to one ratio works great. This a very good product and has remained so.
Not familiar with bike cleaning-suggest you go onto the Simple Green site and ask your question. Good luck!!! Happy cleaning!
You will need two rubber end pieces which must be placed one on each end of the brush roller, and then that entire assembly must be slide into the grove at the bottom of the vacuum cleaner at an angle. Those two rubber end pieces are as shown in the picture of this (http://www.amazon.com/Eureka-Sanitaire-Disturbulator-Assembly-Length/dp/B00EUKM388/ref=pd_sbs_indust_3?ie=UTF8&refRID=10HKPRBY1PPWD7G7FR5E) item.
My vacuum is a Sanitaire Heavy Duty Commercial vacuum. I am not sure how many watts it is. I am confident if your current brush is 12 inches long, the Sanitaire Replacement Brush Roller is what you want.
Hi This brushroll is chrome and Genuine part number 53270.
No
It has a metal barrel with nylon bristles. I would recommend it.
Silver
I doubt it.
The hinges were made to attach to a 4X4 by screwing it in and hanging gate from it. You might be able to find another way but it might not be easy.
I think you can go either way. This fits 36" exactly and upto 60", including latch and hinges. If you go with a small one, you can always add wood/post to an existing post to make up for any gaps in width. Your call.
Yes. If you put the lag bolt on the outside of the 4x4 instead of the side of it you will have a clean line of pickets. Line up the gate pickets to the edge of the metal closes to the gate. This allows for the gate to open and give a clean line of pickets with a slightly larger gap at the post instead of seeing the whole post. I hope you can understand what I'm trying to explain.
It won't. The pockets on the gate will be approximately 2" behind the fence pockets on a 3-1/2" fence. If you need to have the pickets flush you could fir out the face of the gate before installing the pickets. Be careful that you leave an adequate gap on the strike side to allow the gate to clear the fence post as it swings closed.
5/8"
No. It is set up for horizontal rail and vertical picket. One rail across the bottom, one across the top, and one across the top.
huh?
I have used it on my laptop and it took out all the minor scratches. There was one major scratch that is barley visable now. Works great on a lot of other hard plastics. If the scratches are not that deep is suggest using 3M scratch remover. It might work better for what you are wanting.
It would take you way too long to buff out by hand an orange peel effect with this stuff, it doesn't cut down the clear coat enough to get it right. It would need a buffer with various grades of cutting compound followed by glaze to seal it in depending on how bad the peel is.
If your paint is in good condition, go straight to paint sealant/glaze then wax. If your paint is in bad shape, use a swirl remover, then go to the paint sealant/glaze, then wax.
no, don't think so. i'd get some fine grit (3000) sand paper to wet sand the area. like this stuff http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005RNGL9O/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1. then go rubbing compound, polish, etc.
I doubt it will work. Believe it or not, Spot Shot Stain Remover on a rag works well. I've done this for years with no damage to the car finish.
I would say no.
Nothing will repair rust spots except stripping and repainting. This product will not work for your application.
Don't know for sure. This product is of usted for automotive detailing.
Don't know for sure, but what I would do is try a tiny less visible spot of the scraped area. Rub in "light" circular motion, let dry, use soft cloth to polish & check to see if improved. If you have to use a little more pressure, try that. Apply, let dry, then polish using. Take it in small steps.
Hello. We don't know because we used the product on an older car (from 2000). We were just happy that the car looked better than it did before!
CHINA
the metal screws have been replaced by 2 plastic screws & comes with wing nuts...it should work fine for your roller mop...my mop was / is well over 10 years old at the time i placed a replacement order from amazon.com...
No, but there are two thumb screws on the top
Hopefully, you have an old sponge on the handle. This refill is 12 inches + it's Quickie brand. If your handle is Quickie and and the sponge is 12 inches, this should be the one to order.
It looks to be 6 and 5/8 ths inches. This is for the Quickie Professional number 0553 refill.
Yes
I belive it would work fine for that application. In my use of loctite, I found it to having too long of a drying time. So that being said, take care when installing the sink. Make sure it is not disturbed "Moved around" for at least 24 hours.
Fairly Thick. Depending on what you using it for. Keep in mind the thicker you apply it the longer the drying time.
The transparency of this product when it's dry has mostly to do with the thickness of the application. If it's smeared on a surface thin, it's pretty clear, or at least it looks that way. But it's actually slightly opaque so the thicker it gets the whiter it appears. In other words, a thick bead, like the thickness of your finger, might appear to be almost white. It's a great gap filler, so I've used it to fill 1" wide gaps that are 1/4" deep... it looks white when you do that. I've also used it to glue together pieces of unfinished wood, and smeared any excess on the surface... it's clear in those cases. Make sense?
The one tube I tried never set up so I'd be very cautious about using it in a wet area or somewhere subject to water penetration
Wow - complex question. When I install picture rails on drywall surfaces I ALWAYS use TOGGLE BOTLS!!!! Toggle bolts are the BEST!!! And then I add Loctite to the Toggle Bolt area and to the back of picture rail to get a SUPER STRONG rail. And make sure you get the correct sized toggle bolts. I put the Loctite right in the hole that is created for the toggle. It seals the hole and make the toggle bolt super tight.
Well, if you call permanently sticking to a surface "messing it up", then yeah, it does.
I did not use it for that purpose but my experience would suggest it should serve you purpose just fine.
I found that the 2oz is better. The 1oz fills up very fast
True, the rubber stopper will disintegrate over time when storing essential oils. The rubber stopper is okay to use if you are planning to use the essential oils up within a few weeks or months, depending on the mixture. However, I don't know if plain screw caps are sold for these bottles. I bought them for dispensing other liquids which I do use daily. See http://www.aromaweb.com/articles/storing.asp for more information about storing essential oils. The site does not indicate if storing oils in the refrigerator would help preserve the rubber bulb for a longer period of time.
The neck is 1/2-inch diameter on the inside. Each bottle comes with its own eyedropper.
The cobalt blue glass bottle is 4 1/2" in height.
These bottles are packaged but not sterilized in our facilities, we suggest that you sterilize them before use.
I think sometimes the descriptions of these bottles are incorrect - the first time I bought them they stated two ounces but they were only one ounce. I could still use them so I did not return them. The second time I ordered they were the correct size.
There are no measurement lines on the bottle.
Sure E.CauPulog I can rely to that. The one I bought can take 60 ml or 2.0 oz.
wall mount only
I do not know the dimensions, but it is small - very similar to all the ones I've ever seen hanging in a public restroom. Ours are in luxury restroom trailer stalls, so space is also limited. Hope that helps.
Our church custodian mounted it to a stall but I was disappointed when he said it had not come with hardware (screws). It was not a big deal as he purchased some screws and mounted it but I just assumed (my mistake) that it would come complete with hardware. I don't know if these just slipped through the process without hardware or if they just don't come with the hardware included. But we are pleased with the product otherwise.
I really couldn't tell you what the proper dimensions are for something like this. They mounted on the wall inside the woman's restroom nicely. We ordered them and they filled the need and the purpose and we will probably order them again in the future.
With the proper primer, yes. I did not paint my product. But I use to be a professional painter. Kilz is a good primer to use. It is sold in an aerosol can or paint can be brushed on. it all depends on what you're using it for
Yes, it is but was shipped in a box and was fine.
Looks to be around 1/32 of an Inch. hopefully that helped your decision. :)
They are pretty sharp but with most sheet metals you should always handle with caution :)
It's thinner. 1/4 perhaps even 1/8th
I think the Shop Vac 9032800 will work. My vacuum is about the same vintage. It used a plastic plate and thumb screw to hold the filter in place. The new filter slipped on, fit perfectly, and does not need the plate and screw.
This filter is 9 inches long & inside dia. (opening) is 4 1/2 inches across......
I'm not sure about your exact model but I can offer this information. If your replacement filter from Ridgid is VF4000, VF5000, or VF6000 this filter will fit.
sorry don't know
I do not know, I returned the filter
do i do not know but i do know it did not fit my rigid vac
My best answer... Sort of
I wrote in my review for model 09350: "The product has claim that the filter fits old and new Ridget vacuums. It does not fit one I have: Ridget model WD09350 UPDATE: After looking at the posted pictures I noticed that this filter does not need top screw as the original filters. I then tried to just insert the filter. After big struggle I could insert it (it is super tight)."
I'm not sure about your exact model but I can offer this information. If your replacement filter from Ridgid is VF4000, VF5000, or VF6000 this filter will fit.
I have a newer Ridgid 16 gallon and it uses a filter with a rubber top that snaps onto a knob on the vacuum motor. If that's the kind of attachment you have, this won't work. This filter has one open end and one solid metal end.
Its repositionable so I woukd say no.
I don't have any experience with a permanent bonds with this product. I just read the can and the instructions say: "EXTRA STRONG BONDS: spray both surfaces - allow a minimum of 30 seconds drying time" I would say that's pretty promising.
Not really, this will work like super glue...
Yes it leaves a tacky surface when removed. You would probably need to remove it with some sort of solvent afterwards.
Somewhat, I used the product to position stencils on precast concrete structures and sometimes I did this in the rain. The adhesive held up well
Not at all! It has a very thin consistency...almost watery. In fact, be careful because if you accidentally turn the bottle upside down after it has been opened (say, on your way to use it someplace else in the house) it will drip out almost instantly.
If you keep the glue stored upright with the lid on and in room temperature it will never dry out. Been using the bottle I have for over a year. This glue is infinitely better than your average hardware store super glue that drys out so easily.
I do not see why not, just need two solid surfaces, and would need to hold the tile until it sets. This is not a contact cement
I would say a glue stick meant for that task would be better, since it's spreadable and restick-able. While this does dry clear, I think it would be difficult to apply to a photo evenly & set on paper to stick. You'd probably go through a lot of it too, and send up with it all over your hands! This is def best for a smaller fix-up job involving broken plastic pieces or something like that. Would not use for pic/paper craft projects.
Yup it will
I have never tried this but I personally would not want to be heating the chemicals with food I don't think it is a good idea but it is great glue holds very well.
I don't know. I only know it didn't work for 2 of my projects
Yes
I haven't tried it in such an application, but highly doubt it would work. It's super glue so it dries up hard with no give. You need glue that dries out flexible, like E-6000 or something similar
Never saw crazy glue in a bottle with a brush. Are you sure you are using instant bonding Krazy Glue? I saw crazy glue or the generic in tubes with a nozzle you had to cut to get the glue out. the nozzle was always getting clogged. I had to stick a sewing needle in the nozzle to try and remove the clog.The glue with the red twist top never clogs and is in my opinion the best packaging devised to dispense instant glue. there are other brands of instant glue on the market. Just make sure you buy one with the plastic twist off top.
Hello, I am the Marketing Director here at Drill Doctor and am happy to answer your question. Drill Doctors are assembled in our factory here in Southern Oregon using foriegn parts. While we would love to be able to say "made in the usa" the US trade commission sets the rules and we don't qualify. However, we have 55 Americans working here at our family business, so you can know that purchasing our products supports families here in America. Other questions, fire away we are happy to help!
Drill doctor says it can sharpen carbide bits. I have not tried it on hammer drill bits.
No it will not
Most of the Silver ... bits are too big. They go from 9/16 to 1 1/2". This sharpener will go up to 3/4". I cant see why it would not sharpen these bits that are 3/4" or smaller. This is a great tool!
I can only speak for the DD750X that I have and it can grind 118 and 140 angle drills with the latter being better for tougher materials like stainless. The 750 is the only model that goes to 140, the 500 goes only to 135 so the 750 is the better choice if drilling tough materials is important to you. Clearance (relief) angle is the other important variable in grinding a drill point. The 750 does have adjustability but I don't recall exactly what the limits are right now, but it is adjustable. The best thing to do is go to the Drill Doctor website and look at the user manual and the drill angle guides they have there. Even if the DD can't get the exact geometry you're after it will give you a good symmetrical starting point for a final touch-up on a grinding wheel. Hope that helps.
If the pilot resembles a miniature standard drill bit - i.e. two cutting edges, evacuation flutes, etc. - then the drill doctor will sharpen the pilot cutting edges only. The larger cutting edges that follow the pilot will not be sharpened - the grinding wheel does not have a shoulder - cannot engage beyond the tip of the bit. I have sharpened very small bits (down to 1/16") successfully.
No
Yes. The collet grips the bit out near the tip. The only issue would be very short bits with a hex base...if there is a such thing. Standard bits like in the set you buy at Home Depot or Harbor Freight with the hex base so they can be swapped out in a screw-shooter...no problem. In any case, buy the one with the 3/4" collet. Costs more now, but saves in the long run.
I emailed Drill Dr directly on the link I have provided.. I'm sure they will answer this question for you mailto:Drilldoctor.Store.View@sip4-586.nexcess.net
No - End Mill bits (fly cutters, etc.) have outside cutting edges that hang below the center point of the bit (the outside cut leads) - if I recall correctly. The drill doctor bit holder mechanism only sharpens bits which the center point leads the cut. I see no way to change this condition.
It's grey. It's strong as hell, too. Be careful putting it on drywall or a painted surface.
I would think the Scotch Permanent Mounting Tape would work well for this purpose. I understand that with ceramic tile, you don't want to go through the hassle of drilling holes and sinking masonry screws. The tape will stick extremely well to the ceramic tile, and it should do OK with the plastic (or whatever) that your paper towel holder is made of. But be sure everything is squeaky clean ... use alcohol or a degreasing cleaner to remove any traces of oil or other substances (even if it seems the surfaces are clean). Since you'll be tugging on the paper towels, I'd advise putting as long a strip of tape as your holder will accommodate. This will give you extra holding power. Also, with any double-sided tape, I've found that it's best to (1) press the tape firmly in place for 60 seconds or so, and (2) let the tape "cure" for awhile before you put stress on it. The bond seems to grow stronger with time. Thus, this waiting period gives it a chance to achieve maximum adhesion before any demands are made on it.
Not sure what you meant by 6011 tape. Is that a typo ? The Scotch 411 tape is very durable, and carries a "5lb" rating for indoor or outdoor use. There are also "10lb", and "20lb" versions for more extreme mounting. I have used the outdoor 5lb for mounting for aluminum decals that I made, and applied to a Window. The 5lb tape can withstand 115 degree weather in the Arizona desert for years, and never dries out or gets brittle. I also used the 5lb tape for mounting my Google Nexus tablet mount on my golf cart as well as repairing my cell phone clip. I trust this tape with my valuables, and more. I did purchase the 20lb, but have not used it. I am saving this for a project where I have no intention of EVER removing what I have mounted. It's the most extreme tape, and was suggested to be used where one might use screws, rivets or weld. Quite the amazing products.
Gary, the only anwser I have is by experience. I used this tape to hold up the bezel around my porch light. All was fine until winter, it fell down. That said, this is some sticky stuff. Good luck. (Staple Gun ?)
I have never used the Scotch Exterior Mounting Tape but the Permanent Outdoor Mounting is the bomb. It is truly permanent. I mounted a paper towel holder in my boat that is in the water year round, a moist environment where no other double sided tape would stick for very long. This stuff has no indication it is going to come off a year later. I tried to pull it off one day and it about ripped the wall off.
Outdoor tape with adhesive on just one side would probably be a better choice for that.
I believe what you are looking for is called VHB tape. They make many varieties of it. Try searching Amazon.Com for it.
The backing that you peel off is red. The tape itself is gray.
You could try it. If it doesn't work, you'll have a great double sided tape for other tasks! I suppose it depends if the truck bed liner is really bowing away from the truck body. I wouldn't rely on tape to pull in and hold back a bowing truck bed liner. If the liner is straight and you just want to have it snug agains the body, this stuff would probably work in temperate climates. Good luck!!
I don't know what color your brick is but I have used it on tile and removed it with no issues. If there is any residue I just use a little baby oil to get rid of it.
I think it would be....I've used it on infants so I would think it will be fine. Just be aware that the frequencies you want to hear are dependent on the amount of pressure you use when placing diaphragm on patient (human or animal)
I like this stethoscope. Anything you get with the littman name will be high quality, the difference from the higher priced models is that this is not cardiac specific. It is a general stethoscope. There is no loss of sound identification. You can still hear s1-s2, lung sounds, bruits, murmurs, bowel sounds, and the like.
Can be used but does not have the pediatric diaphragm or bell. i would have chosen the pediatric steth.
It is not a cardiac scope but I am able to hear heart sounds wonderfully and irregular heart beats. I would not see why you would not be able to hear a murmur.
28 inches
Yes it is dual head. You can listen to high frequency sounds on one side and low frequency ones on the opposite side.
Yes
No I do not ship there
I not sure what product you want me to evaluate
The very strong rubber smell goes away after a couple weeks when exposed to air. As far as being beverage safe, remains to be seen. I will use these on things other than food products. The ViagrowTM Rubber Grommets are what you need for food safe use. Amazon sells these.
Where on the pedal?
1/16 inch will be starting to get very snug. 3/32 inch would be very tight fit. I doubt these could fit a 1/8 inch thickness.
I haven't noticed a smell in mine. But I never smelled them right out of the bag or anything.
I use a 3/8" drill bit when drilling my hole. I believe the inside diameter of the hole is the same or very slightly smaller. Hope this helps! :o)
No markings on tape l bought to indicate that...it is NOT reflective...I would going to your local Auto parts srore
Can be used outdoors ..sticks to most smooth metal surfaces....not for wood.... you would also want to apply it to a dry surface , but it will hold up to all types of weather after it sets up. But like almost everything man-made it will more than likely will wear in time.
I ordered "Red" and I received "Red." I did not check the length of the tape that I received.
yes, i would think. it just sticks to most surfaces. i havent tried though.
It's not really glue, though it can bond things together. It's a thick two-part quick drying epoxy putty that is good for gap filling.
Not the best adhesive for that. I would use Loctite Power Grab. Sold at Lowes & Home Depot. Apply the Loctite and tape the holder to the wall until dry
It's possible but I think it would be a little unwieldy to use for that purpose.
I wasn't sure so I looked around and found this information on Home Depot website. Looks like you're in luck. Here's the link. http://reviews.homedepot.com/1999/203438035/loctite-10-fl-oz-pl530-mirror-marble-and-granite-adhesive-reviews/reviews.htm
Depending on how deep the hole is and letting the loctite dry thoroughly is the key. Make sure and "overly" fill the hole, let dry 24-36 hours and then you can sand it down and match the color.
It does have a smell,all of these products do. Make sure to wear gloves. It's versatility is worth any minor odor. You could try mixing it in a plastic bag, quickly. It's like pie dough. Good luck.
No
Without seeing what part of your key is broken it is really difficult to answer for certain. Weight should certainly NOT be a concern. Excessive vibration can be problematic, but keys should not be problematic.
No. Up to 250 deg F. Here's the data sheet with details: http://www.loctiteproducts.com/tds/EPXY_PUTTY_tds.pdf
for the price of a small one,maybe....use the whole tube at one time,messy, i used it on a broken ceramic soap dish holder..came aloose a few times but with pressure after a few days it came loose, i avoid pressure on it and it's still in place
I hope the ingredients make sense to you because they don't to me but it is basically wood charcoal with other ingredients. The product is excellent. I use a half and half mix of this product with VICCO for gum health. VICCO also found in Amazon. Pudinah Ka Phool 02.53 mg Ajwan Ka Phool 04.81 mg Lavanc ka Tel 05.44 mg Kapur 12.03 mg Saurashtri 46.41 mg Haritaki 50.00 mg Nilgiri Ka Tel 58.86 Sangjira 249.45 Wood charcoal 509.28 mg
Absolutely! Great stuff - your teeth will really whiten and feel slippery-clean. I wouldn't use it aggressively every day, but once or twice a week it's really quite good!
I have used the Monkey Powder and enjoy it and will buy more. It leaves the mouth feeling very fresh and clean. It however, does look a bit odd being black and has a peculiar taste but I still like it. It makes my grandson laugh when he sees me brushing! Haven't used the other product so cannot speak to that!
I believe it is not. No where it the formula says that it is activated.
You use it as toothpaste..it's a toothpaste replacement/substitute.
No washers needed; the screw head has a wide, attached, back which acts as a washer.
They are 9/16 inches long.
Yes. Drill the holes a little smaller than the size of the screws.
We do have a Heat n Glow fireplace and this part did work and fit properly. I hope that is what you were asking.
According to my husband who worked with the local gas company indicated that the sleeve just maintains the positioning of the thermopile relative to the flame.
I copied this from somewhere on the Amazon site. Read it yourself but it looks like it will work. It did for me on my Jotel Lilehammer stove. When you pull out your thermopile, if the metal is stamped with Q313A (ignore the next 4 numbers = production lot # or something that is not model # related) or was a generic one with a tag on the wire of White-Rodgers G01A-534, G01A-332, G01A-502, G01A-505 / Robertshaw 1950-001, 1950-532, 1950-536 / Jade PG-36 / General Controls 101934F32, then you are in luck with this product. Honeywell is very bad about having any info on their thermopiles, so I hope this review helpful. While they label most of the packages as say Q313A 1088 etc. Honeywell Q313A1188 Thermopile Generator 750 mV 35 inch leads, this product DOES have the same Q313A Thermopile piece, but with a different naming convention on the packaging only; actual piece inside says Q313A. That being said, Honeywell makes several different versions of their Q313A Thermopile Generators. The ONLY differences are the add-ons that come with the main Q313A piece or length of the spade terminal wire on the piece itself. These differences would be: Wire length PG9 adaptor (cylindrical stepped cover that slides over the thermopile) Screw in nut 7/16" -What my grandparents Cozy heaters use. Screw in nut 1/2" Push-In Clip (can be used instead of either size nut) Product # / Wire Length / Connection Type / Add-Ons CQ200A-1004 / 35" / Nut or Clip & Spade Terminal / Push-In Clip, PG9 adaptor, 7/16" Attaching Nut Q313A 1022 / 35" / Nut & Spade Terminal / (I don't know the nut size) Q313A 1139 / 35" / Clip & Spade Terminal / Push-In Clip Q313A 1170 / 35" / Clip & Spade Terminal / Push-In Clip, PG9 Adaptor (393948) Q313A 1188 / 35" / Nut or Clip & Spade Terminal / Push-In Clip, 1/2" Attaching Nut Q313A 1055 / 47" / Nut & Spade Terminal / 1/2" Attaching Nut Q313A 1105 / 75" / Nut & Spade Terminal / 1/2" Attaching Nut Other notes: If you have an old nut, push-in clip etc., then all you need to pay attention to is the wire length. If extra length is not a concern, just buy the least expensive thermopile when searching the part numbers. At the time of this review, it is the CQ200A-1004 and it comes with the most add-ons to boot; and Prime shipping yaaahooo! P.S. other notes: If you live in the boonies, only have a mom and pop shop, and really really really (did I say really?) need a replacement the same day, then take note that the universal White-Rodgers 3101 Millivolt Generator will work as a Q313A replacement. It IS also the same item that can be purchased under the Ace brand name (ACE 44411 or G01A-534) at a local Ace Hardware Store for $30. However, I do NOT recommend the White-Rodgers/Ace product. Due to needing an immediate replacement over very cold winter months, I have used that thrice on my Grandma's heater. One lasted all winter, the next winter needed replacing twice. The metal on the end of these expanded with heat and I have to take out the whole pilot assembly portion and cut the end of the thermopile off with my dremel to remove it from the pilot assembly. This makes what would of been a 10 minute job a (insert word for a nasty female dog); at least I removed rust at the same time and learned what to do the next time it would not pull out. For the same price, buy this Honeywell one; I have not seen any thermopile metal warping in any of our heaters with the Honeywell. Oh, these generic thermopiles do come with a push-in clip, PG9 adaptor and 7/16" nut -adaptor and nut are both brass. P.S.S.: Both the White-Rodgers/Ace and Honeywell products are made in Mexico.
I think it probably will. It replaced my defective thermopile on a Lennox l10Bi fire place. It appears to be a general 750 Millivolt replacement part. You may also want to replace your thermocouple since you will be working in the same area.
I looked on conversion (back of packaging) I do not see that part no. listed. However I installed on mine and it was not listed either, (close to another number) So I can not confirm. I think if the shape is similar, it will fit your application. I am not an expert, but the 600/750 millivolt will most likely work electrically as that appears to be the industry standard. So I would not fear that, it really comes down to the hold device, and I suspect this will fit most applications there too. It has worked excellent for me.
I used mine on a gas furnace and it works good. No issues.
According to the GCDC60 heatilator fireplace documentation the proper thermopile part number is 2103-512. Consulting Fire Parts.com 2103-512 is a 750 millivolt thermopile with 24 inch leads. The Honeywell CQ200A-1004 is also a 750 millivolt thermopile generator with 35 inch leads. Therefore, the Honeywell CQ200A-1004 should work just fine.
Don't know. What I can tell you is that my fireplace still is not working. The part looks good but is a piece of crap. Lasted 1 day. Maybe I got a dud? I just gave up on buying this off of Amazon. Don't get me wrong I LOVE Amazon but sometimes the items that come out of CHINA are CRAP. My suggestion is if China makes it.......BEWARE
No
This is a solid state device it produces 750 Millivolt with flame correctly applied. It starts at 750MV almost as soon as you put the heat on it, but may take about 15 seconds to ramp up. If you wanted less volts you could perhaps carefully position the flame to be a little more out of reach.
I haven't used it on plywood so I cannot say if it would work but I do know that if the plywood is standing up the glue will appear to hold and then some of the pieces topple off when you turn your back. If you can put the design/plywood on a flat surface the glue should be fine, depending on the condition of the paint. Once dry your mosaic should be solid and ready for grout.
Weldbond will adhere that ribbon like it is part of the glass...forever. It is incredible!
According to their website, the answer is yes.
No, Weldbond would only secure the sole for a short time. The constant movement of the sole requires a product like Shoe Goo. Amazon sells it as well as local stores.
NO ... Weldbond is great but it's water-based and would NOT hold up if exposed to rain, snow, etc. It would be better to use a waterproof adhesive more like "Liquid Nails" to stick mosaic pieces to an outdoor object. Same is true of the the grout you'd use to finish the project. It has to be "water-proof" and designed for freeze-thaw conditions year-round.
Seems to hold ok on plastics if allowed to completely dry (at least overnight). For things like stone and metal it doesn't adhere so well. Agitation more so than water itself is the problem (such as rinsing the glued item under running water). Probably better off using 4-minute epoxy, testing an inconspicuous area first to make sure the adhesive doesn't dissolve the items being glued.
I've found that it adheres to smooth surfaces better than Elmers Glue type glues, but not nearly as well as silicone or the like. If you don't like it, it should be easy to remove with gentle chipping when dry and then finish by rubbing with a wet cloth.
I feel sure it will, I have been using this product for many years to bond dissimilar materials and good results
YES, it says so right on the bottle by Frank T. Ross & sons info@franktross.com
I use it to glue glass to glass. It does the job and I think it could be used on paper as well.
Mix the putty really well, rolling it over and over on itself until its warm, rolling it between your hands so that its well mixed.Usually 2 minutes Warm the pipes a little with a hair dryer or heat gun and apply to the pipes. It should work !
Yes you can. I usually use mineral spirits to get my hand clean followed by soap & water.
I'm not sure if it will adhere well to plastic, maybe if you rough up the surface a bit first. They make a special epoxy that is made just for plastic, that might be better in your situation. Enter B00083WZDY in the Amazon search.
I'd say yes, but that might depend on how big the hole is. Pro-poxy dries to a cement-like hardness that is light grey in color. I don't know how well it will hold paint, if you need to touch it up.
I gave up trying to use this DAP tube because every time I ordered it through Amazon, it came damaged. The Amazon shipping team did not wrap it in bubble wrap - they put the tube into a large carton and shipped it loose, and each time it came cracked, with the contents leaked all over the carton. So you either need to find this tube in a retail store where you can buy it in good condition, or you need to go back to the old fashioned caulking gun.
Bill: Yes the Alex plus is water soluble. It is very easy to clean up but if used outside in wet weather you must paint it. Bob
Yes, this product is easy to use and so far held up beautifully.
Yes just cut small opening and press gently, comes out in any position.
Plastic. The replaceable snap on cover is also plastic I believe, made to look like stainless steel. That being said, I've had mine installed for over two years now I think, and it still looks great.
No, just ordered this and only came with Chrome and White, as the listing said. Should have paid more attention to it instead of the comments which seemed to indicate it did.
I would say definitely no... there are 2 110v outlets built in but nothing a 220v plug could fit in. You could always try to adapt it but if there are electronics on the inside that are expecting to be run off of 110v, well, then you fry it. As an update... wife says the switch is working great so this one is (still) a winner!
If you have clearance. The switch is designed to protrude trough the counter and then has a air line that goes to it's unit down at the plug. You will also need to access the back of the backsplash to tighten the switch. You will have to cut into the wall for access into the stud space. Is it doable? Yes? Is it going to be easy? NO. What I found with my cabinets is that my drawers don't go all the way to the back of the cabinet and there was plenty of room to put the switch on the horizontal service behind the drawer and next to the sink. Good luck
I dont think so
It came with Chrome and White...there is a version that is a single outlet that comes with black so if you don't need a hot water dispenser plug for tea then that would work (Insinkerator InSinkErator STS-SO Single Outlet )....there are numerous colors that are options you can order and they are about $30 as I recall. I'd try taking the white button and getting plastic spay paint and doing that. $4 for the spray paint and it's pretty durable. Over the years the black special order one would wear better for sure.
There are both. I think it came with a white plastic but metal ones can be ordered.
Yes, with limitations. The unit simply mounts on the inside cabinet wall and you plug the disposal into it. If you plug a multi plug adaptor into the switch, you can plug multiple disposals into it. The limitation is the total power used. Two units shouldn't be a problem. But be aware that all the units will run when you activate the switch. You cannot run the disposals independently from one unit.
It should work on any unit rated at 15 amps or less. The brand does not matter
Thank you for your question Louis. InSinkErator offers a Satin Nickle Button that is available for purchase, the link to that item is: http://tiny.cc/q3sa8w
The concave side faces in toward the wall. It actually digs into the plaster and the part that sticks out is quite small and can be easily covered with joint compound. Don't be afraid of using too many. I wasn't sure if I could cover them up sufficiently but it turned out not to be a problem. I almost wish I had used more. They seem to be working very well. Phil T.
About one inch 25 to a container Worked great tighting. Plaster(horse hair) ceiling
And the answer is ... 25
I have it stuck on everything, including my nylon trunk box. It has been hit with rain and road splashes, and seems to stay put. I have not ridden in driving downpours, but believe that this stuff would not be affected by such rain.
No, I do not think it would stick to cloth very well unfortunately.
I don't think it will stick to masonry or flat stone very well, unless it's very smooth, but it will withstand the weather.
Yes probably - the adhesive is very good and will only bond further over time / heat. You may want to consider using a 3M removable adhesive (like the removable plastic hooks you can install on your doors / walls) then apply this 3M reflective tape on top.
I think it would work well, assuming that the plastic is smooth and clean. Maybe making a little overlap may help to keep the tape in place in case it does not attach strongly to the plastic (for instance if it has a slightly rough surface). I used it on a bike which is old, and oftern exposed to bad weather. It has been lasting for more than one year with no visible deterioration
It's plastic tape. I am no expert on sewing, but I would think the tape would just tear at the holes.
yes, i use it on my bike
I do believe it will work on some clothing but probably not something that is mesh. It is not very flimsy and the adhesive would not survive a wash. But if its for a temporary application I think it would last at few times before you would have to reapply. Some of the DOT reflective stickers have a stronger adhesive. I used a red one on my cycling CamelPak and it has been on for about a year. Hope this helps.
I used them on my husbands jacket he wears morning and night - they have been through torrential rain and are still stuck tight, be sure when applying that you get a helper, one to hold them item as flat as possible the other to apply and smooth tight to any surface, be it material, wood or plastic.
This product worked well for my application. Most people will use this in a sewer line but I used it to keep water from blowing out the top of my down spout intake. I have a down spout line that takes water away from my house. My sump pump also feeds into this line. Water would blow out where my downspout meets this line. I put the back water preventer on my 4in sch 40 in a few minutes. Problem solved. This valve is heavy duty and the clean out is very easy to open and clean out. The cap is also water tight so no leaking. Great product
To be quite honest with you it was delivered without the seal that fits around the flap and so I cannot install it without the seal.
Yes, this valve prevents water/sewer from backing up into your house; for example, it can be used to protect you from the city sewer backing up into your home (if you live in an area prone to that)...or, it can be used between a septic tank and the lateral lines to keep excess rain water in the lines from backing up into your septic tank. The lid is removable so that you can inspect & clean the flapper, etc. The flapper is also typically removable. One of the best inventions ever !!
white schedule 40 - 4" PVC
As long as you have a mechanical way to install the glass and maybe have the rope like seal that is often used on stoves this might work as a supplement. As the only seal AND adhesion I would say no.
Manufacturer states use on : fireplaces, flues, wood burning stoves, concrete ovens , chimney joints and ash pit doors. After I applied the product , it dried as hard as concrete , and not very flexible . Service temp. of product 0 to 1000 degrees F. It applys similar to grout, slightly gritty, so I'm not sure if this help repair a glass fireplace insert. Hope this info. helps.
No
see that was my problem too. the o-cedar refill did not fit the old pole that I had, so I juust ordered a whole new mop. I bought the LIBMAN grrrr
I looked at my mop and unfortunately it doesn't have a "model" number on it. However, mine looks exactly like the one pictured if you plug "FHP-LP 55004 Pro Wring Wet Mop" into the search line line at
If you were able to get the collar pulled down you will just have to rock it back & forth till it budges. I have had had a stubborn one before and it just took patience on my part.
I don't think it will fit light 'N Thirsty mop handle. You can check on-line to see what handle will fit.
Yes. Twist wet mop.
no idea
yes,it test any water ph all u need is 1oz of water to be used before watering-very accurate.best for testing water ph from 5.0-8.0 in a test tube takes 10 seconds to do.
This test method relies on color to get a reading, which makes it difficult to use with anything other than a clear liquid. If you are testing clear water before brewing it will work great. If that is not the case try test strips instead. I've used both with great results for years before finally buying an Oakton meter. I still keep a bottle of this handy : )
1 oz
Works very well for water test I would not recommend for soil
The bottle says that the color code is light bluish for 8.5 and higer, so you probably wont be able to accuratly tell what the ph is if it higher. If your just testing regular things like your gardens water you will almost never get any reading that are higher than 8 or lower than 4 (or atleast i would hope so). Hope it helps a little!
I purchased this product specifically for testing the pH of water. It's actually a test for the pH of water for plants. I wasn't able to find another good product for specifically testing the pH of drinking water, so I got this one and it worked well for me. However, it isn't for testing urine. There are many products out there (usually strips) that are made specifically for testing the pH of urine. You can find pH strips for analyzing urine right here on Amazon and you can see from other user's feedback if they are good or bad. If you are still interested in possibly using this product I would go directly to the company and ask them your question since it's their product.
Yes, they are the real thing!
Yes they were genuine oreck high density bags
Hi, Hiral, Apparently not. There's no mention of that series on the bag. It just lists models with a bag dock of XL5, 7, 21 and 2000 thru 9000. But to be sure, just contact www.oreck.com. I still say it's the best vacuum I've ever had!
Specifications section lists 8 bags
While I do not know the answer to your question, I recommend you contact Oreck directly; my experience was with an older residential XL model that my aunt has and the new bags I bought had several models listed that the bags would fit--her model, however, was not listed, but they did fit.
I'm sure a new one will fix the problem. I have one that only turns off randomly that I need to replace as well. I will be ordering a few extra just in case I have any more issues with them.
If it is an Intermatic mechanical time switch, they will work. Is this an old intermatic or a new one? If it is a new one, two sets of trippers are included.
Came with the required hardware.
I'm using them on an Intermatic T7402B.
They work with any T104 model
Yes, but you may not need them because t101 came with extra trippers.
I don't know, but that's a good idea. Maybe take to a hardware store and they would know or could measure.
Yes, and for another models too
They should work just fine. However the switch I bought came with an extra set of trippers so I really shouldn't have bought the extra set.
I don't use them I just empty the bucket. I don't use it for super industrial jobs. Just vacuuming the shop, cleaning vents, stuff like that . good little vac dump it in the trash
I just tried doing that and, yes, you can reverse the hose and it works quite well. A great little vac, I totally recommend it, works best using the canister filter with the paper bag filter.
Lowes or Walmart... Look for the 5 Gallon replacement bags
A "drain port" is really unnecessary as it's quite easy to pour out the liquid contents after a wet cleanup job.
You would have to use the hand tool to get into a corner where it meets the wall. The machine is amazing, but doesn't get close to corners.
I'm sorry to hear about your rug doctor you could call and ask for parts as far as Seattle I cannot help I'm from N.H. ........good luck Frank
I don't know but I have never had any issues with mine and I love mine to death....No Joke, Easy to use and does a awesome job.....Well worth it....
I have this for more than year and using it in hotel to clean rooms. No problem so far
I love my Rug Doctor and everything was shipped properly. Thanks Tim F.
No vibration at all
This might not be the cleaner for you, the machine only has one row of brushes and only works going backwards. I would recommend the bissel big green, or if you have the money I would recommend commercial carpet cleaners from Hoover, EDIC Galaxy, or sanitaire.
The brush width is 9 & 1/4 inches. The suction port is 10 & 1/2 inches, which is also the width of the machine at the bottom front.
The one I got was refurbished and there were no attachments.
I ordered for my gdaughter but yes it does have a name tag and I noticed 2 different ear style pieces.
I currently work for a veterinarian. It's standard in size will work for most medium sized dogs and few small animals. A pediatrics will work best for small children and small breed animals.
Yes
Yes it is
You can hear all heart sounds adequately, I find a lot of murmurs others missed with much more expensive scopes. I found it to be very good quality
I think mine came with two extra sets
No. It is as short as the Lit brand.
No
Movements? Probably so, especially if you are far along and your baby is taking up a lot of room. You may even be able to hear the heartbeat! Congrats!
Sorry, have not tried, it's still working perfectly.
yes, This bed comes complete with rails. This is an awesome bed
Such things are somewhat subjective - we are all different, but I found that I, and much weaker females were able to raise and lower the bed without problems. It seemed as quiet to me as any in the hospital we had used, but that is also affected by the room's ambient noise level. In our home the bed was absolutely satisfying for our use. Ease of adjustment and/or noise were never a problem.
500 lbs
How long it takes depends on how good you are at "this" kind of thing. It is not easy - it is not especially difficult. If you follow the directions and are relatively strong - it's not a problem. I would recommend that you assemble it where you are going to use it as it is rather heavy. We didn't have to use any special tools - I can't remember if they came with it, but there was nothing uncommon that we needed to go out and buy.
Phillips Health Care provides: Bed package includes Full-Electric Bed, Deluxe Innerspring Mattress, and Full Length Side Rails Also there is a lifetime warranty on the Bed except the motor- Phillips gives an extended 1 year on the motor free
We are authorized distributors and have a lifetime warranty on top of Invacare Bed Height: 15" min. - 23" max. (Measurement from floor to bed deck.) Dimensions: Overall: 36"W x 88"L Sleep Surface: 36"W x 80"L Product Weight Capacity: 350 lbs. patient weight 450 lbs. inclusive of all accessories Warranty: All Welds: 5 years Mechanical/electrical: 2 years
Fully Electric=No Cranking Semi Electric=Hand Cranking for Height Hope tthat helps. We really like this bed for the price and delivery FYI.
Just regular plug like for a lamp.
yes- Fully upright-- see specs Phillips Health Care ( we have 5 year warranty beyond man) Raising and Lowering the Head and Foot Sections NOTE: For this procedure, refer to Detail "A" of FIGURE 2.1. 1. To raise the head of the bed, press the "Head Up" button. 2. To lower the head of the bed, press the "Head Down" button. 3. To raise the foot of the bed, press the "Foot Up" button. 4. To lower the foot of the bed, press the "Foot Down" button
Partially. The head could be raised (as in, the whole bed tilting, head up, foot down) from the hand-held control. Then the manual crank can be used to raise or lower the foot to match it.
It wasn't very loud. Don't know the rpm. The winch worked the first time when pull one boat lift off the lake. The 2nd year, tried to use it again, we found it didn't work any more, 4-5 teeth of the gear had been worn out just for one job. We had to send it to trash can.
It has a power cable and battery clips. You have to clip it to a beefy 12V battery. Either the one in your vehicle or a jump start battery pack, etc. It's biggest disadvantage is that it only winds in. You have to release its clutch and manually pull the cable out.
15in L 12in W 10in H
Yeah, that's par for the course in our disposable society today. I'd try contacting the manufacturer - they MIGHT sell, or give you the needed parts, but I can't confirm this one way or the other. Worth a shot, at least.
I would contact the manufacturer......Mike
you just can pull with the remote to release you hav to untight the big nut and pull the cable out, if you are good in electricity you can change the remote and wiring and the motor will reverse ,, but you have to take off the manuel inside lock reverse... eveithing work find , i use the winch to lift my electric wheel chair 120 lbs forward and reverse
You can set the drag with the nut on the side (where the manual crank handle goes). I would imagine this would be very frustrating to do with a live load hanging from one end. One slight move and the battery is crashing down full speed. Never had a heavy load hanging from it to test this theory though - it's just a guess based on pulling the cable out by hand.
approximately 20 minutes, with a 2k lbs load, if the load is over 2k, it will pull it but will stop periodically to cool this will dramatically affect your loading time !
I'm sure you can make it work some how, it has a steel base
I'm going to say yes- but if you have any doubt do a double line pull with an extra pully.
Maybe, but with effort. Not designed for disassembly.
large eyebolts have washer and bolt mounted on the backside
Not quite sure why this matters but the actual dimensions of mine are 5' x 2' x 1.5". This magnet is strong enough to lift an outboard motor! (Not quite, but you'll definitely know where it is.)
Most definitely, but I recommend taking the black braces on the bottom off because they interfere with the magnets application for some reason.
On a smooth surface you slide it off, otherwise you tilt the magnet.
It does not pick up anything but ferrous metal. In order for it to work properly, I was told by the company it needs to make full contact with the item across the entire magnet area. This magnet will not pick up stainless steal or aluminum. We returned ours because it did not work properly.
1'' x 5''
The height range is 12" - 16" as far as the adjustment. What I did was use concrete blocks from Home Depot to get the jack up close to my floor brace, then use the 4" of adjustment to do the final torque to get a good tight fit up against my 4x6 floor brace. Later if I need to I will just add more blocks under the jack.
Don't remember exact size, but was exactly as described at the time on Amazon. Worked well after installation. Was hard to turn to adjust up due to excessive weight we were lifting. Once up, it has performed well.
The range of adjustment is six inches. By that I mean in the shortest configuration the overall length was barely over 12 inches. In the longest configuration the overall length was barely over 18 inches. I used 8 jacks and they were all the same. The were STRONG.
No! You need a physical connection for batteries.
Google "Curie Temperature" before using magnets on any type of homemade smoker,grill or stove repair. Because you chose this high heat sealant, I assume you'll be cooking or at least burning something. The sealant may hold the magnet to the desired object, but at a certain temperature, the magnet itself will fail.
I wouldn't recommend it. Can you find a welder 2 solder it? I think that would last longer.
Not the best use of this product. Would recommend that you ask an HVAC Contractor about the best sealant for this purpose. It would depend on the plenum materials and if you're sealing it; insulating it or attaching a sheet metal box to the furnace. Seam sealing is usually done with metal tape; rigid insulating requires a mastic and attaching a sheet metal plenum normally uses screws. That why it's probably better to ask a specialist.
No I don't think it is a good application for what you are doing.
This is more of a gap sealer. Use an adhesive or glue for that. You do not need to worry about heat on the door of a microwave oven.
no, this product should not be used as a glue. It is a sealant for high temp areas. Although it sticks to various surfaces, it is not made it hold a pile of weight up in it's place.
I believe so, that's what I bou it for, but my small tube I got with kit from Lowes finished the job, so I have used it yet
No just buy a new glass that would just be bad to glue the glass
Yes, it requires a standard caulking gun
W = V x I. Max V out = 30V. Max I out = 5A therefore max W out = 5 x 30 = 150W
I haven't used it for that particular purpose, but I can say it's very well regulated the fact it's a linear supply, with up to 5 amps, and it's very well made, it would be good for it tinkerer usage.
No, mine did not come with any test leads.
Thanks for asking ! This i s a simple power supply , if you like a RS232 controlled, please visit our Programmable power supply. http://www.amazon.com/Tekpower-TP3645A-Programmable-Connection-Mountable/dp/B000J3KHF6/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1427469803&sr=8-5&keywords=programmable+power+supply Thanks ! Tekpower Customer Care
It is DC output only.
Same manufacture it is sold under different named and prefix letters.
I don't recall it has one...This PSU only has a front switch...
I really can't answer this question. Please pose to the manufacturer. What I can say is that the current and voltage are continually changing. Hope that helps.
This instrument is made of glass and is completely enclosed. So long as you are careful not to break it (It is hollow glass after all), and you rinse and disinfect between usage (to prevent cross-contaminating your brews) it should last you years.
To measure salinity in a fish tank or pool, you'll need a different kind of hydrometer. Search for Red Sea Hydrometer on Amazon (pet/fish tank supplies), and you'll get the idea of the kind you need.
This Hydrometer is accurate when the temperature of the liquid is 60 degrees F. / 15.5 C. It comes with a chart in the container to adjust for higher or lower liquid temperatures to allow for adjustment.
No
No. THe specific gravity of beer is very close to water (around 8.33 pounds per gallon) so a beer hydrometer is similar to a sap hydrometer. Syrup is around 11 pounds per gallon, so a beer hydrometer would not work.
9 and 3/4 inches
It sure does and it is easy to read.
What is cyser? The Hydrometer is marked clearly; higher #'s when juice unfermented & lower #'s, hopefully 1.00 or less, after you're about done. .994 is a good batch typically....
Yes it has Brix Scale.
Diameter of 5/8" or about 1.8cm.
Yes it does 43.5"
16.25" x 30.25", but with slightly rounded corners that cut in just a bit
I don't have my cart in front of me but it is approximately a 1/4 smaller than the top shelf. Hope this helps
I use them to measure oils and such for soapmaking. If the paint isn't too thick it might work.
A bit over 1/4" about 5/16" of an inch. Measured by holding the end of a "power" tape measure on one side and checking the numbers on the other side.
Total length is 6"
Like a squishy drinking straw.
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
I'm sorry but we do not engrave at this time. Debra Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
Yes the paperwork to send in was in the box when I received it
I don't see why not... Since it has the tunable diaphragm, the pitches of sounds you hear will change with the amount of pressure applied to the stethoscope head. Based on that, a stethoscope that would have both chest pieces may be better? I think it would just be personal preference. It has 27" tubing, if you are in large animal practice. A longer stethoscope may be desired, but that would still be personal preference. I am a registered nurse, but have used it on my dogs, both large & small, & I was satisfied with results. Hope this helps :)
No, I didn't.
Sorry, we don't do engraving or any extra imprinting.
Yes
Yes! I questioned the same thing when I received it then after looking at multiple other stethoscopes of nurses and doctors theirs had one too...so I believe so :)
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
I'm sorry but we do not engrave at this time. Debra Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
Yes the paperwork to send in was in the box when I received it
I don't see why not... Since it has the tunable diaphragm, the pitches of sounds you hear will change with the amount of pressure applied to the stethoscope head. Based on that, a stethoscope that would have both chest pieces may be better? I think it would just be personal preference. It has 27" tubing, if you are in large animal practice. A longer stethoscope may be desired, but that would still be personal preference. I am a registered nurse, but have used it on my dogs, both large & small, & I was satisfied with results. Hope this helps :)
No, I didn't.
Sorry, we don't do engraving or any extra imprinting.
Yes
Yes! I questioned the same thing when I received it then after looking at multiple other stethoscopes of nurses and doctors theirs had one too...so I believe so :)
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
I'm sorry but we do not engrave at this time. Debra Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
Yes the paperwork to send in was in the box when I received it
I don't see why not... Since it has the tunable diaphragm, the pitches of sounds you hear will change with the amount of pressure applied to the stethoscope head. Based on that, a stethoscope that would have both chest pieces may be better? I think it would just be personal preference. It has 27" tubing, if you are in large animal practice. A longer stethoscope may be desired, but that would still be personal preference. I am a registered nurse, but have used it on my dogs, both large & small, & I was satisfied with results. Hope this helps :)
No, I didn't.
Sorry, we don't do engraving or any extra imprinting.
Yes
Yes! I questioned the same thing when I received it then after looking at multiple other stethoscopes of nurses and doctors theirs had one too...so I believe so :)
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
"It's unclear whether this is 100% made I'm the USA. The company that makes the sphygnanometer is a USA company (Mabis) and the stethoscope is made by 3M which has locations around the world (including 3 factories in the USA). With that being said... The answer is unknown. However, consider this... My son's employer (a Doctor with 40+ years of experience) replaced his $300 USA made stethoscope for this kit after borrowing mine for an afternoon. To me, that's an endorsement.
There's rubber on the stethoscope and in the cuff I'm not sure if any of it contains latex
yes, it is.
No, it does not
Isokinetics does not ship out of the United States. I apologize for the inconvenience this has caused.
You could if you have used the standard cuff & scope before. You have to listen via scope to get an acuurate reading of your blood pressure. There are accurate digital machines, check w your doctor.
Yes this is a real 3M Littman II S.E. stethoscope!
I have no clue what type of metal it is. Its of quality!
Yes it is
Grace Healthcare offers shipping to Canada via Priority Mail international. It's expensive, but Priority is required because first class packages aren't tracked after they leave the US. A customer in Canada would probably have the item in about two weeks.
i would go with this one. either this one or go up one level (littmann ranks its scopes by sensitivity). use their website to determine which one you want, and then amazon to find the best price
I am very happy with mine. You must look at the color Litman does have a dark blue I have seen it mine is hunter green and the color is perfect
yes the manufacturer can engrave it for you
Yes it can be engraved. This will add $20.00 to the product price. Please let us know if you would like to place an order and we will be happy to help you!
Yes it is a real Littmann stethoscope and it comes with a warranty.
No, no ID tag ou extra ear tios.
of course. Many prefer instruments they have grown up with, but I feel this stethoscope lets me hear abnormalities very well.
no. only within the usa
yes we ship to Brazil, the postage should be calculated when you check out. If you have any problems please feel free to contact us. Tonya Wise
Only Sellers that ship International can ship this to Mexico
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
I checked all the weights on my accurate digital scale and they were correct.
Hello - Thank you for writing. The weights are solid brass.
Two each of 1g, 2g, 5g and 10g weights, and one each of 20g and 50g weights
Hello, Thank you for your question. Our brass mass set comes in a clear plastic package. Each weight is secured in its own indention, as does the blue plastic tweezer. No storage box is included. We apologize about the blurry picture, this is not our own listing. We attached ourselves to the listing since it happened to be the same product. Thanks again.
Yes. The caps screw on tightly, and the seal is strong. They don't pop off, though I suppose if one were damaged/broken the seal would not hold. They hold liquids without leaking in my experience.
If I remember right, there were 12 or 15 (order says 1, that is one package), I don't realy know because some of them were shattered when I received the poorly wraped paper package. They are very fragile and broke easly. If your looking for a vessel that will stand up to just about anything and hold up well, try the "soda bottle preforms" listed on Amazon. I am sure you will find them a better value.
No there are not
Around 12.
Yes, we ship to Australia. However, I would need a location to give you exact shipping charges.
I didn't try but my guess is NO
The capacity is 16 ml, I just measured it without the lid. Michael.
There's 12 in a pkg. :)
I don't know need to ask the seller.
5 inches - I measured it with the cap on.
Yes it does, the first time I used it I thought the brushes were too stiff, they soften up a little after using, now it's perfect.
Sure can. Brush is small but you can still use some paste on it.
As far as I can remember, this is a complete brush with the tips. This is a good product and I am going to order more tips.
I put this hook on the back of the laundry room door to hold my work bag. It is a big 12 x15 tote bag and probably weights 4 pounds. I have not had any problems.
NO idea. I haven't used mine yet. I still can't trust something other than a nail in the wall. LOL
No trick, it should slide on and off pretty easily.
I put the velcro at the farthest point that I felt would hold tight and measured the inside circumference to be 13".
The Adult large has a range from 13" to 20" circumference
No
No but the recognized interval is 6 months or u can take it with u when u see your doctor and compare #s
I used it for my mother who weighed 60 lbs. It may be too big for an infant but will be fine for kids.
I am sorry to say I do not know but they are standard (except for babies so you could check online elsewhere before purchasing one to find out the proper size. I hope that helps.
I had the opposite problem. We needed a small cuff for an elderly parent. We bought the pediatric cuff. So I can't answer about the adult cuff. I will say the cuff seems to be working well. The nurse and therapists are using it with better luck than with the adult cuff.
I have no idea. I bought this because it fits my muscular upper arm well. It certainly is not big enough to go around my thigh. I hope you get a good answer.
No, it comes with an adult cuff.
Adult one is bigger in a diameter for adults. When it says it's an adult sphygmonmanometer, it's generally safe to assume that it is made for adults (meaning it comes with adult cuff).
I put the velcro at the farthest point that I felt would hold tight and measured the inside circumference to be 13".
The Adult large has a range from 13" to 20" circumference
No
No but the recognized interval is 6 months or u can take it with u when u see your doctor and compare #s
I used it for my mother who weighed 60 lbs. It may be too big for an infant but will be fine for kids.
I am sorry to say I do not know but they are standard (except for babies so you could check online elsewhere before purchasing one to find out the proper size. I hope that helps.
I had the opposite problem. We needed a small cuff for an elderly parent. We bought the pediatric cuff. So I can't answer about the adult cuff. I will say the cuff seems to be working well. The nurse and therapists are using it with better luck than with the adult cuff.
I have no idea. I bought this because it fits my muscular upper arm well. It certainly is not big enough to go around my thigh. I hope you get a good answer.
No, it comes with an adult cuff.
Adult one is bigger in a diameter for adults. When it says it's an adult sphygmonmanometer, it's generally safe to assume that it is made for adults (meaning it comes with adult cuff).
I put the velcro at the farthest point that I felt would hold tight and measured the inside circumference to be 13".
The Adult large has a range from 13" to 20" circumference
No
No but the recognized interval is 6 months or u can take it with u when u see your doctor and compare #s
I used it for my mother who weighed 60 lbs. It may be too big for an infant but will be fine for kids.
I am sorry to say I do not know but they are standard (except for babies so you could check online elsewhere before purchasing one to find out the proper size. I hope that helps.
I had the opposite problem. We needed a small cuff for an elderly parent. We bought the pediatric cuff. So I can't answer about the adult cuff. I will say the cuff seems to be working well. The nurse and therapists are using it with better luck than with the adult cuff.
I have no idea. I bought this because it fits my muscular upper arm well. It certainly is not big enough to go around my thigh. I hope you get a good answer.
No, it comes with an adult cuff.
Adult one is bigger in a diameter for adults. When it says it's an adult sphygmonmanometer, it's generally safe to assume that it is made for adults (meaning it comes with adult cuff).
I put the velcro at the farthest point that I felt would hold tight and measured the inside circumference to be 13".
The Adult large has a range from 13" to 20" circumference
No
No but the recognized interval is 6 months or u can take it with u when u see your doctor and compare #s
I used it for my mother who weighed 60 lbs. It may be too big for an infant but will be fine for kids.
I am sorry to say I do not know but they are standard (except for babies so you could check online elsewhere before purchasing one to find out the proper size. I hope that helps.
I had the opposite problem. We needed a small cuff for an elderly parent. We bought the pediatric cuff. So I can't answer about the adult cuff. I will say the cuff seems to be working well. The nurse and therapists are using it with better luck than with the adult cuff.
I have no idea. I bought this because it fits my muscular upper arm well. It certainly is not big enough to go around my thigh. I hope you get a good answer.
No, it comes with an adult cuff.
Adult one is bigger in a diameter for adults. When it says it's an adult sphygmonmanometer, it's generally safe to assume that it is made for adults (meaning it comes with adult cuff).
I don't think it's designed to be used like that. I drilled the holes into a wall stud for added support. I don't think it would be sturdy if you drill the holes into the furniture.
Yes, the velcro allows you to strap and re-strap to the wall. Make sure you position accordingly to be able to do this.
This particular product is made specifically for furniture like dressers or armoires. I'm not sure it could hold something as heavy as a fridge. I would get the strap called Quakehold Big Screen TV or Appliance Strap which is also sold on amazon. I hope this helps.
I would think yes as long as you're securing it to a stud. The straps are fairly thick and very strong. We've used only one to secure most of our furniture including a 6.5 ft tall hutch. BTW - we also use the magnetic locks used to child proof cabinets to secure the cabinet doors where we store crystal and other thing we wouldn't want to fall out in a quake. Amazon carries them - magnetic child locks in the baby section.
I don't have a good answer. Mine have been installed for a while. Best I can remember is the screws are lag bolts 2 1/2 to 3 inches long made for screwing into a stud. I would guess they are a #10 or #12 screw. The grommet holes are about 5/16-3/8 inches. The screws are supplied so you don't have to figure anything out. Again this is from memory and observation because they are installed and I am reluctant to remove them for measurement. Best I can do. Hope that helps.
I wouldn't think so, the weight of the shelf would likely keep it in place. I havne't been in an earthquake big enough to see...but maybe it couldn't hurt to put a quake hold at the bottom as well?
I think it would work to add more stability especially since you would be connecting to a stud in the wall. I used mine for tall bookshelves.
Yes. We use it to secure a cabinet in our daughters playroom. We were afraid that she would climb it and bring it down on her. This secures the cabinet to the wall.
I would follow the instructions on the website. The straps were meant to work a certain way. Changing the configuration could compromise the ability of the straps to hold the bookcase. My bookcases were 7 ft. tall, so they don't show.
Not really appropriate for TVs. I don't think it would work on modern LED and Plasma models. On something bigger and bulkier you may get it to work, but I would recommend getting a product specifically for TVs. I does work great on furniture and bookcases. Hope this helps.
Yes. Furniture anchors are only secure if secured into a stud. Drywall or sheetrock won't hold back falling furniture.
Yes you have to drill 2 holes in the furniture for the furniture bracket and then a larger hole in the wall hitting a wood stud.
Yes - it bends. We curled it around to fit our needs.
Yes, the cables are quite strong and 2 should be enough. However, be aware that the bookcase will be able to tip forward slightly but will then catch and will not fall over. If you are securing this because of a child, it would be possible for the books to fall off the shelf and hit them on the head.
If the furniture is large, use two. One on each corner.
I am 220 lbs. My chair pivots so I made a 30 inch disk of 3/4 inch plywood. I had six smaller wheels so the chair wouldn't tip. They broke because when you lean forward you put a lot of weight on one wheel. These wheels are well made and pretty with the brass. I have had 6 of them under my recliner for 3 months with no sign of failure.
Sorry, I do not recall the size of the screws necessary and I no longer have the casters here to check, but what I would suggest you do is just take the casters with you to a nearby hardware store and find the proper fit that way. Ask an employee to help you find the proper fit if you need to. Shouldn't be a problem and I basically did the same thing using my own supply of screws. Trial and error is the easiest and best way to do it.
Around 2 inch ;-). But be careful that it didn't come with any screw so I had to go around to look for the right screw.
The four I have are under a 20" x 20" square made of 1" x 4" lumber and support a little under 100 pounds with no problems.
I have used them for a number of weeks and had no marks or streaks, seem to be a good product.
Approximately 2.5 inches
It does stretch lengthwise but not like a slingshot. I wouldnt use this tubing for a slingshot, it doesnt stretch far enough or have much spring/snap like a slingshot would need.
Yes I've used it as a siphon
I have noticed stuff stick to the outside. If you have any plant matter that happens to accumulate on the table you'll find little bits stuck to the tube. It isn't large pieces or get nasty at all but if you look a little bit you'll find things hanging around, some dog hair every now and then. However, I never feel like I need to clean it or that it gets dirty so that's good. I rinse it out with water every few weeks so that may help but it isn't really an issue. Fact of the matter is small stuff will occasionally cling to the tube after it's been used for a while and been exposed to the general dirtiness of life; on the other hand, it never feels dirty or gets to a point that warrants cleaning. Definitely not sticky, I like the tube a lot.
The packaging is not marked, so you would need to contact the manufacturer to be sure. A search for the model number comes up with peroxide-cured tubing. Regardless, it is NSF 51 certified, so it is safe for use with food.
Was more concerned with temperature rating, but can tell you it worked fine connected to a 70psi water supply.
Silicone is generally good for high temperatures, it should be fine.
Yes, we have: .750 (3/4) I.D. x 1.000 O.D .125 (1/8) 50
Yes, we do. Ref: B000FMWT6Q
Hello Neil. I use this tubing for my silver surfer vaporizer ...in vaporizer land ghe stock tubing...and even the standard are awful. This is good quality stuff,..no smell or taste what so ever,..no kinking or funny business like that As far as pressure i cannot say.
I only use the tubing for making prototypes of vacuum-packing systems, not for actually selling or using the tubing in products. I do not run fluids through the tubing, and hence have never had to clean it. If I had to, I would clean the tubing by flushing it with a mix of dishwater detergent and water, and rinsing it with plain water.
That's what I use them for. The chemicals in the spot on solutions will eventually remove the calibration markings. You can keep marking the barrel to keep your dosage with a permanent marker. That will extend the number of times a syringe can be used. At some point, the plunger seal will also swell or soften until it pops off the plunger stem when you try to draw in chemical. Somewhere along this timeline it's time to pitch it and start with a new syringe. At 44.1 cents each it's the cheapest way to measure and apply topical pesticide to your pet. When you research dosages online, be safe and double check to be sure you have the right animal (cat or dog) and the correct brand of spot on. We double check our dose size at the store. We look at the package for our size of dog to get the correct amount to apply each month, then we buy (at pretty much the same price per dose) the packages for the water buffalo size dogs. If you have small animals, the monthly cost per application is greatly reduced, which makes all this process worth it. Be sure to be responsible with the unused chemical. It needs to be safely isolated from contact by children and pets. You will need a solvent-chemical resistant vial or jar (meaning glass) to empty the large retail package into. Draw your correct dosage out of that with the syringe. Keep the container labeled and stored in the original box so there will be no question about what is in the vial.
They are 4-1/4 inches long.
6.75mm is as close as I can measure,using a brill bit guide.
I only use the 1cc syringes or oral drug administration and for measuring very small amounts of medicine like Ivermectin. These syringes have a slip tip and the syringes I've used for canine shots are threaded on the end to attach the needle, which I like so they are very secure on the syringe. These syringes are not threaded, so you need to get the slip tip needles that fit the 1cc syringe. I hope this helps.
Individually packed
No there is no cap on syringe all are in a plastic bag each by itself
No, it does not come with needle.
No. No needle tips.
ask a pharmacist
Mine didn't.
It does stretch lengthwise but not like a slingshot. I wouldnt use this tubing for a slingshot, it doesnt stretch far enough or have much spring/snap like a slingshot would need.
Yes I've used it as a siphon
I have noticed stuff stick to the outside. If you have any plant matter that happens to accumulate on the table you'll find little bits stuck to the tube. It isn't large pieces or get nasty at all but if you look a little bit you'll find things hanging around, some dog hair every now and then. However, I never feel like I need to clean it or that it gets dirty so that's good. I rinse it out with water every few weeks so that may help but it isn't really an issue. Fact of the matter is small stuff will occasionally cling to the tube after it's been used for a while and been exposed to the general dirtiness of life; on the other hand, it never feels dirty or gets to a point that warrants cleaning. Definitely not sticky, I like the tube a lot.
The packaging is not marked, so you would need to contact the manufacturer to be sure. A search for the model number comes up with peroxide-cured tubing. Regardless, it is NSF 51 certified, so it is safe for use with food.
Was more concerned with temperature rating, but can tell you it worked fine connected to a 70psi water supply.
Silicone is generally good for high temperatures, it should be fine.
Yes, we have: .750 (3/4) I.D. x 1.000 O.D .125 (1/8) 50
Yes, we do. Ref: B000FMWT6Q
Hello Neil. I use this tubing for my silver surfer vaporizer ...in vaporizer land ghe stock tubing...and even the standard are awful. This is good quality stuff,..no smell or taste what so ever,..no kinking or funny business like that As far as pressure i cannot say.
I only use the tubing for making prototypes of vacuum-packing systems, not for actually selling or using the tubing in products. I do not run fluids through the tubing, and hence have never had to clean it. If I had to, I would clean the tubing by flushing it with a mix of dishwater detergent and water, and rinsing it with plain water.
It does stretch lengthwise but not like a slingshot. I wouldnt use this tubing for a slingshot, it doesnt stretch far enough or have much spring/snap like a slingshot would need.
Yes I've used it as a siphon
I have noticed stuff stick to the outside. If you have any plant matter that happens to accumulate on the table you'll find little bits stuck to the tube. It isn't large pieces or get nasty at all but if you look a little bit you'll find things hanging around, some dog hair every now and then. However, I never feel like I need to clean it or that it gets dirty so that's good. I rinse it out with water every few weeks so that may help but it isn't really an issue. Fact of the matter is small stuff will occasionally cling to the tube after it's been used for a while and been exposed to the general dirtiness of life; on the other hand, it never feels dirty or gets to a point that warrants cleaning. Definitely not sticky, I like the tube a lot.
The packaging is not marked, so you would need to contact the manufacturer to be sure. A search for the model number comes up with peroxide-cured tubing. Regardless, it is NSF 51 certified, so it is safe for use with food.
Was more concerned with temperature rating, but can tell you it worked fine connected to a 70psi water supply.
Silicone is generally good for high temperatures, it should be fine.
Yes, we have: .750 (3/4) I.D. x 1.000 O.D .125 (1/8) 50
Yes, we do. Ref: B000FMWT6Q
Hello Neil. I use this tubing for my silver surfer vaporizer ...in vaporizer land ghe stock tubing...and even the standard are awful. This is good quality stuff,..no smell or taste what so ever,..no kinking or funny business like that As far as pressure i cannot say.
I only use the tubing for making prototypes of vacuum-packing systems, not for actually selling or using the tubing in products. I do not run fluids through the tubing, and hence have never had to clean it. If I had to, I would clean the tubing by flushing it with a mix of dishwater detergent and water, and rinsing it with plain water.
It does stretch lengthwise but not like a slingshot. I wouldnt use this tubing for a slingshot, it doesnt stretch far enough or have much spring/snap like a slingshot would need.
Yes I've used it as a siphon
I have noticed stuff stick to the outside. If you have any plant matter that happens to accumulate on the table you'll find little bits stuck to the tube. It isn't large pieces or get nasty at all but if you look a little bit you'll find things hanging around, some dog hair every now and then. However, I never feel like I need to clean it or that it gets dirty so that's good. I rinse it out with water every few weeks so that may help but it isn't really an issue. Fact of the matter is small stuff will occasionally cling to the tube after it's been used for a while and been exposed to the general dirtiness of life; on the other hand, it never feels dirty or gets to a point that warrants cleaning. Definitely not sticky, I like the tube a lot.
The packaging is not marked, so you would need to contact the manufacturer to be sure. A search for the model number comes up with peroxide-cured tubing. Regardless, it is NSF 51 certified, so it is safe for use with food.
Was more concerned with temperature rating, but can tell you it worked fine connected to a 70psi water supply.
Silicone is generally good for high temperatures, it should be fine.
Yes, we have: .750 (3/4) I.D. x 1.000 O.D .125 (1/8) 50
Yes, we do. Ref: B000FMWT6Q
Hello Neil. I use this tubing for my silver surfer vaporizer ...in vaporizer land ghe stock tubing...and even the standard are awful. This is good quality stuff,..no smell or taste what so ever,..no kinking or funny business like that As far as pressure i cannot say.
I only use the tubing for making prototypes of vacuum-packing systems, not for actually selling or using the tubing in products. I do not run fluids through the tubing, and hence have never had to clean it. If I had to, I would clean the tubing by flushing it with a mix of dishwater detergent and water, and rinsing it with plain water.
It does stretch lengthwise but not like a slingshot. I wouldnt use this tubing for a slingshot, it doesnt stretch far enough or have much spring/snap like a slingshot would need.
Yes I've used it as a siphon
I have noticed stuff stick to the outside. If you have any plant matter that happens to accumulate on the table you'll find little bits stuck to the tube. It isn't large pieces or get nasty at all but if you look a little bit you'll find things hanging around, some dog hair every now and then. However, I never feel like I need to clean it or that it gets dirty so that's good. I rinse it out with water every few weeks so that may help but it isn't really an issue. Fact of the matter is small stuff will occasionally cling to the tube after it's been used for a while and been exposed to the general dirtiness of life; on the other hand, it never feels dirty or gets to a point that warrants cleaning. Definitely not sticky, I like the tube a lot.
The packaging is not marked, so you would need to contact the manufacturer to be sure. A search for the model number comes up with peroxide-cured tubing. Regardless, it is NSF 51 certified, so it is safe for use with food.
Was more concerned with temperature rating, but can tell you it worked fine connected to a 70psi water supply.
Silicone is generally good for high temperatures, it should be fine.
Yes, we have: .750 (3/4) I.D. x 1.000 O.D .125 (1/8) 50
Yes, we do. Ref: B000FMWT6Q
Hello Neil. I use this tubing for my silver surfer vaporizer ...in vaporizer land ghe stock tubing...and even the standard are awful. This is good quality stuff,..no smell or taste what so ever,..no kinking or funny business like that As far as pressure i cannot say.
I only use the tubing for making prototypes of vacuum-packing systems, not for actually selling or using the tubing in products. I do not run fluids through the tubing, and hence have never had to clean it. If I had to, I would clean the tubing by flushing it with a mix of dishwater detergent and water, and rinsing it with plain water.
Yes
it is 12 inches by 8 inches and 12 inches tall
11.5 inches by 8.5 by 12 tall
17 oz per bottle, and 2 bottles in one pack.
As I am on my computer I saw this question pop up in my e-mails. It so happens it is the trash can I bought to keep under my desk (black) to blend in w/ my black desk. Jason, I don't give much thought to purchases but you just opened my eyes! Thank you! I picked up the trash can and was glad it said Rubbermaid products "Winchester, Virginia" . I hope this was helpful. Have a great day!!!
Yes. It is not wireless. It needs to be wired. You simply call your electrician and he wires it up.
'Monitoring' the entry area means listening to the sound. No wire with this kit.
2 buzzers
yes, both signal and power cabling are required.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any idea. I would think that it would though. If the plug guys into your power outlet, it should work.
It should. You might have crossed a wire. Call Aiphone tech support to walk you through the issue 1 (800) 692-0200
A thin gauge could do the trick. It drills rather well, so you could put a hole in each corner of a sheet and screw it in. Definitely a possibility.
Polycarbonate has a density of about 1.2 g/cm^3. The 12"x12" sheet has a volume of (.23622 cm)(29.845 cm)^2 or 210.4 cm^3 which gives it a weight of about 252.5 grams.
It is slightly flexible, but not to the extent that you would wrap it around anything. Polycarbonate can be bent when heated, but you would need a heat strip or heat gun.
if you are doing SORT RUN FABRICATION and cutting narrow strips to cover and protect generated adhesive backed labels or to attach labels it will work - i have done that on marine instrument panels for hostile conditions and worked well . can be scored and separated . sawn with fine tooth blades attached with fasteners . edges polished with rouge for appearance .lexan brand crack resistant . acrylic will crack too easily when worked . i used as cover plate for protection to keep from peeling labels as adhesives degenerated . hope this helps
Not that I am aware of.
Sheets cut to order
A thin gauge could do the trick. It drills rather well, so you could put a hole in each corner of a sheet and screw it in. Definitely a possibility.
Polycarbonate has a density of about 1.2 g/cm^3. The 12"x12" sheet has a volume of (.23622 cm)(29.845 cm)^2 or 210.4 cm^3 which gives it a weight of about 252.5 grams.
It is slightly flexible, but not to the extent that you would wrap it around anything. Polycarbonate can be bent when heated, but you would need a heat strip or heat gun.
if you are doing SORT RUN FABRICATION and cutting narrow strips to cover and protect generated adhesive backed labels or to attach labels it will work - i have done that on marine instrument panels for hostile conditions and worked well . can be scored and separated . sawn with fine tooth blades attached with fasteners . edges polished with rouge for appearance .lexan brand crack resistant . acrylic will crack too easily when worked . i used as cover plate for protection to keep from peeling labels as adhesives degenerated . hope this helps
Not that I am aware of.
Sheets cut to order
A thin gauge could do the trick. It drills rather well, so you could put a hole in each corner of a sheet and screw it in. Definitely a possibility.
Polycarbonate has a density of about 1.2 g/cm^3. The 12"x12" sheet has a volume of (.23622 cm)(29.845 cm)^2 or 210.4 cm^3 which gives it a weight of about 252.5 grams.
It is slightly flexible, but not to the extent that you would wrap it around anything. Polycarbonate can be bent when heated, but you would need a heat strip or heat gun.
if you are doing SORT RUN FABRICATION and cutting narrow strips to cover and protect generated adhesive backed labels or to attach labels it will work - i have done that on marine instrument panels for hostile conditions and worked well . can be scored and separated . sawn with fine tooth blades attached with fasteners . edges polished with rouge for appearance .lexan brand crack resistant . acrylic will crack too easily when worked . i used as cover plate for protection to keep from peeling labels as adhesives degenerated . hope this helps
Not that I am aware of.
Sheets cut to order
UL generally won't list raw materials like this that depend on the installer applying them correctly.
You better use and o-ring this will wear out soon if you do that
Yes, just paint it on the damaged coat.
I am not aware of anything that would clean the brush. This is not paint. I would get an inexpensive throw-away brush and be done with it.
Taken from the product specification PDF : Dielectric: (ASTM D-149) 1,400 v/mil
No
I used the product to re-insulate frayed wires and it holds up pretty well. It will probably do the job for you but I would apply, let dry and then reapply. Do this a few times and it should do the trick.
I would use the proper insulated Alligator Clips. I would not use this for insulating for Safety.
Yes, seems to be lasting. I have had a bottle for about 4 months and seems fine. I would recommend whipping the lid area when closing it because it can be a bear to open if you don't use it that often. I keep a bottle of alcohol and paper towels handy to wipe the treads on the jar before I put the lid on.
If you let it dry first before putting it back in the ground first, yes. Once dried, it feels a lot like electrical tape.
About a 1/4" or 3/8" rope should be ok with this pully unit.
Yes.
Yes
Its stamped on the case at 420 lb
how heavy is the purple martin house?
I think it would work as long as the diameter of the iron is correct. The use you are describing isn't what this sheave is intended for, however.
I don't see why not. I've got a Heavy Duty Winch Cable going through mine and works fine with room to spare. I would think standard clothesline rope would leave you with room to spare as well.
yes it works the same in both directions, has a lever to flip to select which way you are reeling te cable, in or out.
It has a clicker for a safety. If you take the safety off it will be very quiet. However a rope pulley would be quieter.
As much as she wants, if I understand your question.
Crank is on the left side of mine
I didn't weigh mine, but I'd have guessed between 1 and 2 lbs.
no it does not, but it has holes on back for screws
Not sure exact size, I unwound cable and passed it through a smaller pulley, the reattached the wire. The hook is a standard/normal size for winches and ropes.
I never measured, but it is probably around 10 feet or so. I simply bought more cable and clipped it onto the hook for my use.
Yes
No. Just Grams
Simple answer no. But you could weight the holding container or "tare" first then subtrack its weight.
No
I'll respond with most likely, because there are 2 locations on the weight bar for hanging extra weights. The deal is you have to purchase the 2 extra weights to match the total weight you want to achieve.
Buy a powder scale. Although it is a great scale when reloading you don't want any mistakes. Good luck
metal
I have one. it's nice. I use it for measuring glazes. I've never been able to zero it out, so I have to subtract the weight of the container for each measure. it's not the perfect scale for what I do, but I've adjusted
Yes it weighs grams but I use it for baking
The shaft is 3/8 on the tool but, it is tapered so the drill chuck jaws can bite down so it will hold on to it, I have used it in my 3/8, 1/2 and my 1/2 mill, with no problem, I hope this helps you!
Not sure about drilling a hole with it. It worked fine enlarging one. But with the right drill and lubricant, I think it should work.
Yes, just take it slow so you don't crack it
only used on 10 guage steel and wood so far so good
Yes
It is typically used with metal. I do not know how it will stand up as a masonry bit. Sorry, I cannot be more helpful.
This is a high-caliber tool, made of fine tool steel for enlarging holes. If you mean caliber as in the bore, it is: Step Sizes: 1/4, 3/8, 1/2, 5/8, 3/4, 7/8, 1, 1-1/8, 1-1/4, 1-3/8-inch. Your question smacks of more as a comment than a question... I just bought one, have several uni-bits, but nothing with this range of steps. I wasn't even looking for this, but it's a beaut and I gotta have one of these!
Not if used as intended.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any parts you are referring to
I have it take some force sometimes. Other times it turns smoothly.
Yes it does free spool. You make that adjustment by turning the knob on the side of the winch to "free spool".
Ya if u buy the Polaris mounting kit. That's what I did for mine.
I have one I am not the person that sells them.
The description states that the new style does not require a mounting plate. This would eliminate the need for the plastic nut.
No guarantee, but I've been using them with my old Ridgid shop van and it fits fine.
The diameter is 6 1/2 inches. It is 8 1/4 inches long.
NO remove the filter
Check out the rigid site. Says the same filter fits vacuums from 5 to 20 gallons. https://www.ridgid.com/us/en/vf5000-filter
No, they well start falling apart from moisture . They last longer if you take out & let dry between use.
The filter protects the vacuum motor. Yes you can use this filter to vacuum a chicken coop.
I don't know, but I do not think so. Suggest checking with Ridgid dust SVC.
It has been discontinued. Try http://www.vacpartswarehouse.com. If you call they may be able to get something you can use. Ph: 1-866-243-2721.
I always use it and put it right back on the charge. Never run the battery down. Love this little machine.
you can order from Oreck I checked they are $56. mine was about 14 yrs old deceided better buy new unit for $100.
7 volts....but Oreck doesn't make a stick vacuum anymore so whatever Amazon is selling must be leftover from before it was discontinued.
You plug it in to the wall socket but after about a year it went south and I put it in the trash. I would not recommend this product.
Some trash is stuck in the passage to the vacuum not allowing the new trash to get to the container. Make sure the it's clear of debris. Empty trash container.
you plug it in
All the ones I have bought recently have a code and the year 2014. I am not sure if that is the beginning of the year or the end. Hope this helps!
I would be concerned about buying this. Crest hasn't made Multicare Whitening for several years. The last tube that I was able to buy expired Jan. 2014. When I contacted Crest they said that was the expiration date on time they made the product.
Most likely for one. If you do not want the "fresh mint" flavor, but are happy with the "clean mint" flavor, you can find this for about $4. Check expiration date on "fresh mint" flavor as I do not think Crest makes it anymore.
Crest Multicare has not been made for several years. Any products out there will most likely have passed their expiration date. I used Multicare for many years and have found Crest ProHealth a good replacement (per my last checkup).
The handle is a little large to screw into most poles. I had good luck wrapping the pole in a rubber gripper like you would use to open a jar, then screwing pole into cleaner. The blade is amazing and it does a wonderful job on windows, so it was worth the extra effort to get a handle to fit. 16 ft may be a little long to get the proper pressure on the blade to get an even swipe.
I have not had to replace mine yet, but the mfg. website sells replacements for this model as well as replacement metal edges. Check http://www.ettore.com/professionals/products/squeegees-rubber/#bottom
I don't see why not, although this version is pretty wide - might want to go with a smaller one for car windows.
Mine was like that too. I thought the handle and pole would work together. I just jammed in up in there as tight as I could. Disappointed that these parts didn't work together.
No
I think they all have the screw end. For this mop-squeegee, you need to also get a tapered adapted. I purchase a plastic and a wood one. Both work OK. The adapter screws onto the pole and the taper snugs into the squeegee.
I have used the squeegee mop 3 times and notice no wear. I don't know who guarantees the product, but would not return something so cheap anyway.
it works well. very satisfied with the backflip and the bucket.
It looks like wool
The handle has a tapered fitting. An adapter provides the threaded connection to the tapered fitting. The adapter is a seperate purchased part
4 1/4" inside diameter
The 4 inch pipe being slightly narrower than the traditional 4 inch corrugated means that it is just smaller in size = Not 4 inches across the diameter or the circle. The 30 % higher load bearing means that it is tougher than other manufactured 4 inch corrugated pipes. Meaning that if you placed weight around the pipe of other brands it may crush the pipe, but with the stronger load bearing design using the better materials that this item is made of , it makes it stronger to withstand more pressure on it before it fails from weight on it or outside pressures as it sits under ground. Usually this pipe is used to move water away from your home, mostly used for moving rain water from the rain gutter down spouts farther from your home to keep your foundation more dryer from having less water moving to it. I bought this item to move water from the down spout into the in-ground pool that is in my back yard. Summer temps and the sun light hitting the pool water evaporates the water and I have had to use municipal water , that I pay for , to fill the pool to make the pool be at a level which let the pool work as it should. And with the charge of water being one cost for buying a gallon and twice the cost or disposal filling the pool with hours of bought water really costs me money. So when it rains the natural rain fills the pool which saves me money. During the fall / winter I collapse the pipe and store it in a shed. The pipe is pretty strong, with it being made with using copolymers this will probably be the only time I will have to buy a pipe for what I am using it for.
Yes, thats exactly what I did.
Yes..I have same type of connection...works well for me.
If you are draining surface water you need a grate connection. I have all my gutters draining into flex drain directly,which is buried and empties into a pond. It is so flexible and easy to work with..
Yes it can go underground and should. The end of the drain needs to be open and drained to a lower area. Try to compact the soil on the sides while burying.
This hose is very flexible.. I think that pvc connections would work..You might need large clamps or wire ties to secure in place.
I live in Milwaukee and the temps dropped to - 20 last winter and any water in the pipe freezes. It can freeze solid if enough water is in the pipe.
Yes you can couple 2 pipes without the use of couplings. They are essentially a male and female end to these pipes.
If the flexdrain had say 4 inches of cover I would say no problem. But best to talk to manufacturer.
I had the same question, and it appears that it all depends on who you ask. My dental technician says no, it does not replace flossing. Yet I have read comments from dentists online who state that not only does the Waterpik replace flossing, it is actually better because it doesn't force food down into the gums as flossing can do. That school of thought encourages people to be sure to scrape the floss away from the gums so as to lift any debris out rather than forcing it down. My own opinion is that it depends on the precise condition of the teeth. Two factors seem to me important: How much buildup needs to be removed, and how much space there is between the teeth for the Waterpik to work. If the patient religiously brushes and uses the Waterpik daily, so that each time it is only confronting one day's worth of buildup, I would expect it to work relatively well. On the other hand, if it must attack more than one day's worth of buildup, I would expect manual flossing to be more effective. In addition, I expect that the Waterpik works better when there is enough space between the teeth for the squirts of water to get through. If the teeth are so tightly together that the Waterpik jets simply bounce back, I would think that manual flossing, that actually gets down in between the teeth, would be better. In my case, due to the orthodontic hardware I am wearing, all my front teeth are moving around and spacing themselves out evenly. This creates tiny gaps between the teeth at the gum line, and the Waterpik easily squirts through those gaps. Indeed, I can also use the little Proxabrush cleaners between these teeth (these are tiny little "go between" brushes that help clean out debris t the gum line). The biggest factor for me is that in order to use manual floss with the braces in place, I have to get special threader floss (it has a stiff tip about three inches long) and thread this into each brace position before I can floss that one space. It's time consuming and tedious, and I don't do it every day. I do, however, use the Waterpik every evening, along with the Proxabrush, and I brush with a Braun-Oral B electric brush several times a day. It seems like this ought to be enough, but we'll find out at my next dental visit. In summary, I would say that if the teeth are straight and even and there is a clear shot for the Waterpik to work, it ought to work well. If the teeth are uneven or overlapping (as mine were before the braces) then the Waterpik may not work as well, and manual flossing would be advisable. I also think that consistent daily use of the Waterpik would be required. It probably would not hurt to raise this question with your dentist. Since most people are pretty bad about flossing, even if they brush, the reality may be that use of the Waterpik would be better than nothing, even if manual flossing would be better than that. In other words, the worst outcome would be deciding not to use the Waterpik because manual flossing is theoretically better, but then failing to do the manual flossing either. Whatever attention is given to oral hygiene has to be better than nothing.
I've used both. This "huge unattractive setup" is more powerful to begin with, as is the case of almost any 110 volt tool or appliance over a battery driven item. However, the force of the water can be easily adjusted from light to quite forceful as one desires from use to use. I also have found the water seal of the battery compartment on the cordless model to fail too soon. Generally, I have found the corded model to be more durably built than the cordless. Within my experience, the corded, 110 volt unit, will outlast the cordless model about four or five to one, which, to me, is more important than appearance.
Try putting half a cup of white vinegar in the container of the Waterpik with the water. Let is soak for an hour, then run as usual. If this doesn't work because you have extra-hard water, repeat with fresh vinegar solution. It should descale product and repeat regularly before it clogs again.
It's actually a very small "footprint." I have been happy about that as I have a smaller one bedroom/one bath apartment. The actual space is 5 1/2 by 4 1/2 inches. It fits under the plug in my bathroom. Good question!
Waterpik recommends using warm (not hot) water, and after using the device for two months, I agree -- much more pleasant that way. Squirt water down your sink drain for the first few seconds after starting it up because it will be cold until the fresh warm water gets through the line.
Once a week, I run vinegar or listerine (amber only) through the unit. On a daily basis, I let all the water run through and then I put the dial on high and let it run without water for about 10 - 15 secs. I also hold the unit upside down, shake out the water in the line, and store it with the handle upside down. I haven't had any mold, but perhaps running the vinegar or amber colored (original) listerine will help to get rid of it. Speak to the manufacturer about suspending the end of the handle in a mixture of bleach and water for a few minutes.
I probably wouldn't try to use it away from a sink. After all, your mouth is open and you're not drinking the water, so it has to go somewhere. But that's not too different from brushing your teeth really. Yes, it can be a little messy at first, but you can control that to a large degree by using your lips To control the majority of the overspray. The big draw to it for me is that it's quick and easy. I don't brush or floss as often as I ought to. My experience has been that I'm more willing to pull this out and use it right before crashing into bed than I am to spend the extra time to floss. Yes, yes, shame on me. But that's the truth.
Waterpik Waterflosser Ultra Footprint is 3 1/2 Deep x 5 1/2" Wide x 8" High
Yes, there is noise as it pumps the water. It's not deafeningly loud, but it's loud.
Depends on which part broke, the tip or the wand. Do you have another tip that you can use to see if that one works? (My setup came with multiple tips.) If it works, then the wand is fine and you need a new tip. Most likely, the little clip at the bottom of the tip (that connects to the wand) is broken. If a different tip does not work, then the wand may be broken. Are you still under warranty? If so, Waterpik will replace the wand or the unit if it is faulty. You'll have to contact them to see.
The pipe is perforated all around the same as the footing drain on our house. The water initially drains through the drain rock surrounding the pipe, but under high flows (heavy rain events) the pipe fills with water and drains the surrounding area quickly. It acts as a french drain.
In principle, I agree with the response posted below on 4/17/14. I would strongly advise that you use both gravel and a pipe in the gravel wrapped with a filter material. Note the picture of a French Drain at the upper right corner of the Wikipedia article at "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_drain". The square trench filled with gravel greatly increases the surface area that leads the water away. How much this matters, depends on how much water you need to carry away in a given time-frame. It also depends on the soil. If you put the wrapped pipe in sandy, light soil that drains well - and if you don't have heavy, long rainy periods - you might be able to get away with it. In my case, I am at the bottom of a hill with clay for soil. I had standing water year round on one side of the house and in the crawl space. I opted to build 3' x 3' trench 40 feet long on the side with the standing water, lined the trench with landscaping fabric before filling it with 6 tons of washed river rock (large marble sized bits of gravel with no "fines" or silt in it) with the wrapped pipe in the center (much like the diagram). Now, once water oozes through the thick clay of my soil to the river rock, it runs freely to the pipe, where it runs even more freely to daylight further down the hill. Result: No more standing water outside the house, no more standing water in the crawl space. I may have over-engineered it, but I don't think so. If I did, I prefer that to under-engineering. Summing up, by putting gravel around the wrapped pipe, 2 good things happen - a lot of water will drain away just through the gravel (the maximum flow capacity is greater) and the pipe inside the gravel will not get clogged up with silt as quickly, so your system will perform longer. (I did install a clean-out joint so that I could flush out the pipe every now and then with a garden hose if it became necessary, which you could do also). I think the best answer to your question is "It all depends." It all depends on your soil, the maximum amount of water you want to carry away in a given amount of time, and the amount of time you want your system to last before it gets clogged. I don't know what those conditions are, but I can tell you what I would do in your situation. I would build a french drain just like the one that I built for my situation, because then I would feel fairly confident it would work right and last longer.
I don't think so unless it was buried very deep.
LR44 is equivalent to a more common 357 button cell, if that helps anyone.
Made in China
Yes, on both counts for the most part. Jaws are slender enough to extend one side through most springs or coils. Easily resets to 0 before use, so accuracy of measurement is maintained.
I bought this last week, and mine DOES read out fractions. It looks like they may be updating the firmware on these to match that of the "pro" model (the 01412A model). I considered the possibility that they had messed up and simply put a 01412A in an 01407A box, but the color matches the 07A, and the instruction sheet says 07A but describes the fraction option. To summarize, what they are now shipping differs from what they were shipping up to a few weeks ago in two ways: (1) it has inch/mm/fraction display instead of just inch/mm, and (2) in mm mode, the digits after the decimal point are smaller than the integer portion, and in inch mode, the digits after the tenths of an inch are smaller (just like on the 12A model).
Mine came with no certification of it's calibration. I work in a metal fabrication shop and I checked it against the standards we use there and it arrived making accurate measurements. Mine also has a loose battery cover that allows the battery to fall out. If you are looking for something of calibrated quality, keep looking.
Yes, there is a plastic case included that has a quasi corrugated design making it stiff enough. The plastic is hard and due to the corrugated design it is not required for the plastic to be very thick.
To the right of the display there is a cover with an arrow pointing to the right. Using a finger nail or butter knife carefully push it in the direction of the arrow. It slides very hard but when the cover is removed the battery will be exposed.
Yes, make sure you do not measure the threads of the screws because the screw diameter is actually just the inside core of the screw.
Yes
measurements accurate to .001-Inch not sure how guitar string gauge will cross ref.
I only got one
It held up for my bike, but between the bike and myself we're only 500 lbs. I have it at the entrance of my garage because there was a pretty large lip from our garage to our driveway. Problem is that the ramp is higher than the garage so it doesn't line up well. Measure first if that's your intended purpose. Hope that helps.
yes for a car but not probably a suv it has screws to secure it to the ground if necessary or it would probably slip. i bought it for a wheelchair to come down some steps temporarily but it was too steep.
I use it outside as a step-up to my doggy door installed in the wall. Bought it initially because I was getting a new puppy who was too small to make the jump from the outside - plus my older dog was not comfortable with the drop from inside to out. It has proven to be the perfect solution. My only question - how would you anchor it? I have it pushed up against a wall and it doesn't move but then neither does the wall! Anyway ... It works perfectly for my use.
i believe they would probably take care of your problem.
Depends on the "city" (if you live in one)....Keep in mind If you are going to mount them at/in a curb & gutter (they will be in the gutter water flow line) these ramps are big enough and WILL block water drainage and debris will pack up around them. This might lead to a street sweeper issue also. Remember the street/curb/gutter/sidewalk IS PUBLIC property and there will be liability issues too...what if someone trips and falls on them and hurts themselves?? ....the city and the victim will go after you. I doubt very much any legitimate city would allow it....but you never know....GO TALK to your city engineering or public works department to find out for sure.
Yes, perfect for that use
It's hollow underneath the ramp, but all sides extend to the ground or the curb, so there's no opening for the water to escape other than through seepage from uneven road surfaces.
Yes they are easily strong enough. Each ramp comes with two bolts and two nuts to connect them side by side so you do not need to buy mounting sockets.
Ramp height at curb is 5.5 inches and the length is 13 inches. If the tire contact patch with the ground is equal to or less than 13 inches from the front edge of the lowest point on the car and that lowest point is no less than 5.5 inches from the ground the car will go over the ramp.
approximately 1 7/8 x 2 3/8
They're certainly not rated for highway speeds.
The plate mount measures 1 7/8" by 2 9/16". The hole centers are 15/16" by 2 1/8". It stands 2 1/2" tall. Double ball bearing. To help to keep dirt out of the shaft, an extra washer can be added to the axil to reduce the back and forth play. The holes on the wheel web are actually 6 round ones, not the 4 oval ones as shown in the photo. Also the photo shows a quite thick web nearly as wide as the wheel rim, but actually the web is thin, looks under 1/8" thick. But still a nice quality casting for the price.
I used them as dolly's to move a heavy piece of equipment. They work freely and are smooth.
I used six of these on a bow-making wood storage cart for my shop; haven't tried to weigh the total but it usually carries some 4x8 plywood sheets and cut pieces as well as 6-12 1"x6"x8' dense hardwood boards (bloodwood, ironwood, walnut, etc), 5-10 6' bow staves, a variety of exotic and hardwood pieces, round stock, and various parts of projects underway. With the cart frame I expect it's 500-600#, but rolls well on concrete and changes direction easily. If in doubt, use six. However I wouldn't use these to support and move a machine tool - that's done better with a purpose-made rolling and locking frame.
I used these on a reclaimed pallet coffee table I built. They work really well. However I have a deep shag rug that the table is on. The deeper shag makes the small 2" wheel a little difficult to move. However the do move nicely across the normal shag of my carpet. I have had them for about nine months and they still look nice, they did not get oil/grease on my carpet.
Yes, I measured them and the wheels have a 2" diameter. The rest of it isn't much bigger though. It is fairly compact. The rolling face is only about an inch wide. It has worked well for us.
Sorry, I do not know.
I have no idea about what they are rated. But I have the 2" caster, four of them, on legs of a small table. In order to answer your question, I put an additional 125 lbs and the table swiveled fine. - best of luck in your venture
Yes it works for a French drain... I put in two 4-inch perforated pipes side by side (a total of 160 feet of pipe) with the drain sleeve filter fabric pulled over the perforated pipe to keep it clear of sediment. The perforated pipe was put in a ditch 3 feet deep at the beginning, 3 feet wide, 4 feet deep at the end and 0ver 80 feet long (a total of 160 feet of pipe). I then ran a regular 4-inch drain pipe, no holes in it, the rest of the way, about another 60 feet till it came out of the ground as the ground slanted. As I built the French Drain, I put the perforated pipe with the drain sleeve filter fabric on top of about 6-inches of creek gravel, then set the pipe in and then filled the ditch about 2/3 full total with creek gravel. I put some garden fabric over the rock, then filled in with dirt on top of that. The French drain goes around my shop was around two sides of my shop to drain off underground water from a wet weather spring (lots of water when it rains heavy). Without the drain sleeve fabric and rock, the dirt and sediment will eventually fill the pipe and your French Drain will stop working. I have had my French drain around my shop for about 3 years now, it works great. the French drain around my house stopped working because whoever built my house and put that French drain in didn't use this drain sleeve filter fabric and no gravel. If they had done it right the pipe wouldn't have filled with dirt and I wouldn't be faced with another project. The drain sleeve fabric fabric sock has worked for me.
I got 100 feet. Worked great!
Yes they can. Just made to keep sand out.
Yes. My husband just went and got the leftover roll to check and it would go over a 6" pipe with no trouble. The way we put it on the pipe was to first stretch the length we needed over a larger square cardboard box about 2 foot long and then we just put the box over the pipe and I held the end of the Drain Sleeve Filter was he walked the length of the drain pipe and it pulled it over the drain pipe very easily. This is the best way to put it on unless you want to pull it inch by inch all the way over the pipe. Every since we put it on the pipes we have not had any sewer issues. No drainage problems and we have nothing but sand for soil so it has really solved our problem with drainage issues. Would definitely recommend it.
The instructions say you do not. However, I think it depends greatly on your soil. If you already have very sandy or gravely soil that is already permeable, then it would probably be fine without gravel backfill. If you have yucky impermeable clay soil (like mine), then you would need the backfill and perhaps the fabric.
Yes, it is very stretchy.
I believe there is 100 feet to each roll.
what we bought was 100 feet long.
aniel: I used the product to build a Bread/Pizza Oven, which I operate in the range of 375 to 600 degrees. I used firebrick which has the ability to get to +2000 deg., I am told. According to scuttlebutt, this cement is supposed to match the firebrick regarding heat capability. You can google this info. I don't remember if this was actually stated on the cement container.
I guess it would if you are just using it as a filler. It's kind of expensive for that though. Have you thought about using auto body filler?
I'm not sure what a zero clearance fireplace is, but on my fireplace I had to use the originals make a form, lined it with plastic and poured new inserts.
You could but I would just use regular mortar since you don't need high-heat ability of refractory for the chimney(the flue takes all that heat). Also, it's gray in color.
gray
I work for the Maryland Fire and Rescue Institute, part of the UNMD. Fire training involves setting fires in a our building. To protect the walls, this building has "tiles" secured with bolts. The bolt holes are filled with Rutland. They get hot, wet and cold, with not problem. Go for it!!!!!
This stuff worked great in that kind of application for me. If bricks or part of bricks are missing they must be replaced but mortar seams, even quite wide ones are safely and easily pathed with this stuff. Mix according to label instructions and you will be very pleased!
Not sure. It does have a lot of sand ....so it seems. If you're asking, can I plaster a vertical wall with it, I would advise not to try. When I built my "Bread" oven, It did not really react like a stucco. Don't get me wrong. Its a great product if you are making a forge or something that requires withstanding temperatures up to 2200 degrees. I laid my brick with this product and for a total amateur, it was a bit of a chore. But I covered my brick with 1 part fireclay, 1 part portland cement and 3 parts sand mixture and it was a breeze. This concoction withstands up to 700 degrees. Too bad I found outabout it after I had started my oven.
The castable cement is supposed to withstand temperatures of up to 2200 degrees. It is to be used with firebrick having the same heat characteristics. It is used in making high heat forges. I didn't know any better and used it to make an outdoor Pizza / Bread oven. Pizza is range 550 -600 deg. Bread is 360+ / - degree range. Later found out - and used- 1 part portland cement - 1 Part Fire Clay and 3 parts sand to coat the outside of the oven. this mixture is rated for 700 degrees. I doubt your fire pit will get near this level of heat. All that considered, It is an excellent material and it is expensive.
if you have a gap bigger than a 1/4" yes.
I'm not sure if the old stuff I removed from our tubs was silicone, something else, or a mixture since the last time it was caulked someone else did it. As I said in a previous comment to another inquiry, it did seem to work on whatever it was, although in some areas I had to treat it twice. I averaged using one and one-half to two bottles per our standard sized tubs. Hope this helps -- good luck!
The warning label inside says" "To avoid possible damage, test tub/shower surface in an inconspicuous spot. Some fiberglass, other plastic or refinished surfaces may also be affected." Our tub liner is plastic and this stuff didn't hurt it a bit, but fiberglass ... I'd be sure to test it first.
Yes
I've never tried it on stone. Try testing it on a small area.
I would give it a shot. It worked great removing caulk from my driveway. Silicone glue should be a snap to remove.
I probably should have checked "I don't know," because I don't know. My advice would be to test it on a back edge or some other inconspicuous place. If I had to guess, I would say it wouldn't harm it - the stuff seems pretty "gentle," if you can say that about a chemical.
I used this product on my concrete driveway. The product removes caulk well, not sure about paint.
Sure..just know you'll need to keep reapplying it until the 4200 sealant becomes soft.
Anyway it didn't help me to remove anything.
I also used it on my bathtub - one bottle did 10 feet of caulk. After it loosened the caulk I took most of it off with a sharp flat screwdriver.
It fit mine perfectly. But I had the old one for comparison before I purchased it.
Sorry, not sure
Rubber feet face down.
Hi Timothy. Rust Bullet coatings are not available in a spray can. Rust Bullet is a moisture cure urethane, and there is no way to keep it from curing in the spray cans. It can be applied by brush roll or spray equipment.
I'm not sure, but it sure is good stuff. I used it on a boat trailer that had some undercoating on it and it stuck and looks good.
Acetone works. I suspect that that is the primary ingredient in the Bullet solvent.
Yes. I used it on my chassis and under side of body. I used 2 coats rust bullet first, then top coated with the rust bullet black shell. Best if sprayed, but I actually brushed it on and it turned out suprisingly nice, just need to work slow to prevent air bubbles. I used it on my jeep rebuild so it was more function over fashion, but if it were a hotrod I would have sprayed it. Still get tons of complements on it though. Can send some pics if you want to get a look at it. Shoot me an email at tahoereeves@gmail.com
This is NOT food grade tubing. The description states "Not for use with ice makers" which actually indicates it can't handle pressures over about 30 psi. But if it was food grade tubing it would specifically say so. Clear food grade tubing will be made of a denser material which helps prevent bacteria from attaching to the sidewalls. For this reason food grade tubing is usually significantly more expensive. And you need to be careful because there are sellers here at Amazon claiming their tubing is food grade which is not actually food grade. If you see in the description that the tubing conforms to FDA, USDA and 3-A milk handling standards it's a safe bet it's true food grade. Anyone making that claim falsely is subject to prosecution and being buried in lawsuits. If you're looking for water line, as most people are, do a search for "Pex Ice Maker" and you'll find kits with various lengths of line as well as the ends you need to attach to ice makers. Pex line is for use with potable water and can handle the pressure of a water line. You can also use copper which will last nigh forever but it requires a double flaring tool to install.
It's soft enough for the rollers to squeeze it, but I don't think it is elastic enough to "bounce back" to allow the fluid to enter again. But so much depends on the quantity of rollers, the diameter of the rollers, the rotation speed, etc.. And, if it does work, there's the question of how long (how many cycles) it would last. Personally, I would not try it for a medical pump. I might, however, take a chance and try it for an industrial pump.
Kirsten, you will need a smaller dia. tubing for wood Regular pencils. Something like maybe 1/4" or maybe smaller then that I'm not sure.
I bought a 1/4 inch barb for this hose. Fits perfectly. Its not too small or big. Any other size wouldn't fit correctly.
I don't know if it will work but the product is cheep enough to try it good luck
It appears to be a standard vinyl tube, and I use it for a fountain I built. Not sure if it is suited for gasoline. I have a gasoline syphon to empty mowers, and I am sure that is designed for gasoline. Sorry.
The description states "Not for use with ice makers" This indicates it cannot handle pressures above about 30 psi. Clear PVC braided tubing, which can handle high pressures, starts at 3/8 inch inside diameter. So if you need line that can handle higher pressures at this diameter you're probably going to need to get some Pex line or copper.
This is NOT food grade tubing. The description states "Not for use with ice makers" which actually indicates it can't handle pressures over about 30 psi. But if it was food grade tubing it would specifically say so. Clear food grade tubing will be made of a denser material which helps prevent bacteria from attaching to the sidewalls. For this reason food grade tubing is usually significantly more expensive. And you need to be careful because there are sellers here at Amazon claiming their tubing is food grade which is not actually food grade. If you see in the description that the tubing conforms to FDA, USDA and 3-A milk handling standards it's a safe bet it's true food grade. Anyone making that claim falsely is subject to prosecution and being buried in lawsuits. If you're looking for water line, as most people are, do a search for "Pex Ice Maker" and you'll find kits with various lengths of line as well as the ends you need to attach to ice makers. Pex line is for use with potable water and can handle the pressure of a water line. You can also use copper which will last nigh forever but it requires a double flaring tool to install.
I have no idea better shop with ebay and be sure
My research suggests that this tubing is rated at 120 psi.
It does want to curl up/keep its spiral as you pull it off the reel and work with it for its plumbing purpose. You might try a specialty plastics store that sells all sorts of rigid plastic tube and bar stock that's I would guess polycarbonate rather than polyethylene. Like a nice reusable clear straw for a sports drink bottle or little kids "crazy straw"...which ought to be thermoformable. No idea on diameters thicknesses etc vs your needd.
I do not think so. I use this tubing for reverse osmosis water system.
Jake, This is not transparent but frosted white. LEDs would be dim and distorted a bit if you used this
Don't think so. Is flexible hose.
I use these in my classroom with laminated posters. I'm not sure about bubbling texture since we don't have any. But the walls at my school are bumps and the strips work well.
yes they actually work very well with cloth posters
Yes...as long as the wall is evenly painted - not gravelly rough. Use 4. Must have flat surfaces against the wall. Adhere the strips to the wall first and let the adhesive rest for 15 minutes. Then attach the item. Sounds baroque but that's how I got it to work.
Coco, the package has 144 sets and thats all. Hope this helps.
well fist off the poster strips are for "posters" lolz :) but the frame hanging ones are designed for pictures with "frames". The frame hanging strips have little hook/hangers on them that allow you to hang your pictures whereas the poster strips are just a thin piece of sticky like glue on either side that allow you to put up your posters and stick them on a wall. -hope that helped :)
Usually. Sometimes it depends on what the poster is made of, how thin the paper is too.
They are white. If you apply them properly you shouldn't see them unless whatever you are hanging is transparent.
No, they are the same. I've used different types for different project. They all work very well for everything I've used them for. From lights to decorations/pictures on walls, and they do remove easily. Just make sure which hooks you have(some use same strips) before ordering.
They hold almost nothing. I would never buy them again. I had two extremely lightweight items, both of which fell off the wall and broke. I would never recommend Command products for anything.
COmpletely. I have had six of these buckets for about 4 years and they work flawlessly, in Minnesota no less, where the air temps have dipped to 20+ below zero.
The bucket (tub) shuts off if the outside temp rises above a certain temp, however I do not believe the heating element shuts off if there is no water in it. Having said that, I have 3 equines sharing one bucket and I empty it out and clean it every other day (or every day if they have been particularly messy) and then fill it. I don't let it get completely empty. If you don't or can't check it every day, you'd be better to get a small Rubbermaid (70 gal). You can buy a heating element for those (replaces the regular plug) that is easy to put in. I have 2 of those troughs and they work great. I bought 2 16 gal buckets for in-barn use cause they are a little easier on the electric bill. I know this was a long answer, but I hope it helps you.
Allied Precision Industries is in the state of Illinois.
I have a couple of these in horse stalls with the cords put through a hole in the wall to the plugs outside. We're in our fifth season now and they are holding up well. I would think it would work fine outside if your animals don'tfool around with the plug or cord. I think the water heats to about 40 and I would guess that it would just heat more consistently to melt snow or sleet that might accumulate.I did an experiment a couple of weeks ago leaving a regular water trough and the heated one in the horse stalls. Neither animal drank the colder water but drank from the heated water.with all horses getting collect in the changing weather here in California, and dehydration perhaps being a contributing factor when the temperatures go from cold to hot, I think these are good investment. Good luck
It is plastic, the reason I bought this was because where I board my horse, he has a buddy out there, and they got really restless this past winter and destroyed one of the regular 5 gal heated buckets. Once we plugged this bad boy in and filled it up, they didn't try to kick it or anything. So far it has been the best heated bucket I've purchased!
You cannot set the temperature. There is a thermostat that regulates the temperature so the water does not freeze.
It is actually threes pieces; the two in the picture and there is also a gasket that goes with it.
I finally ordered the kit because I could not find the plug separately.
I don't know if it'll work on metal. I replaced the bad one in my Rubbermaid water trough....and it still leaked! Had to put putting around it anyway. Guess I could have done that to the old one! Depending on where your old one is leaking, I suggest you do that first. Use a putty made to work in water. Good luck!
Hi, it fits my stock tank perfectly (Rubbermaid Commercial FG424288BLA Structural Foam Stock Tank, 100 Gallon Capacity) I hope this helps you :)
Hi Joy - You need a 2 1/8 inch diameter hole saw which fits into any electric drill. It cuts easily through the material. Ask your hardware person to help you purchase the correct hole saw and its necessary parts.
I have tried three different brands, really frustrated. I wound up just feeding in those tubs and getting new ones for water. sorry not to be of more help. I siliconed around plugs, tried plumbers tape too but neither held
Not directly. I had to create some reducers for it, then I could hook a hose to it.
Yes
Hi Rose - there are no instructions included, but the hole size is 2 1/8 inches. You can purchase a hole saw (usually used for cutting holes in doors) at your local hardware store. You want to center were the hole is to be cut and make sure it will clear the bottom interior floor of the tub. The gaskets go on either side of the tub once the hole is cut and usually hand tightening is enough to keep it from leaking, but you might need to make it slightly tighter for a really good seal. Hope this helps.
I would try a major hardware store like Home Depot, Ace, etc. Also, this worked but was not an original part.
2 pieces. Intercom, buzzer + a bag of hardware and instructions
We have our setup approx 75 feet from the kitchen to our detached garage. Works loud and clear
It seems to be. It has survived many years on an exposed outside wall.
My original one lasted ten years with exposure to the Western sun and very hot temperatures, but it was protected from rain. I am not sure how direct exposure to moisture would effect the unit.
We replaced with same part so don't know from one model to another but our doorbell was ringing all the time too. We just replaced with same part and problem solved.
Yes. It's Hard wired. So it's great.
Yes. You can communicate with the person at your door.
It is not wireless
Yes, you will need to run a new line from a transformer (not provided) and a line for the indoor speaker. This is a really good system, but the installation on existing construction will not be easy.
I am sorry but I don't have a n answer I only have a single unit at the front door
The hoses are flexible, certainly not stiff, but not too soft either. The included gun actually sprays good, I use it for primer but it would probably spray a topcoat ok. I taped the two hoses together to make them more manageable.
Can what spray gel coat ?
35
ToolSource is unable to ship outside the USA at this time, and can not ship to Nigeria. Best regards, Shari, ToolSource Product Manager
Yes but if you are using latex paint recommend a 5% thining with clean water and use 15 to 20 psi to pot and 10 to 15 psi to gun hose. Adjust spray pattern accordingly for pattern.
just 1 I'm not sure what size it is but it does pretty well with gel coat
Only ONE! It's not a high quality system at all
The plastic sleeve is approximately 1/2" in diameter
I am not 100% certain, but I do believe this is 125lbs per wheel. I've found a few websites that state it is per caster and none that otherwise.
1.5"
They come in packs of two.I would say three,with one extra one.
The package contains two wheels.
They are softer then what a computer chair has, but depending on your laminate floor, weight, and how much you move it's hard to say. I would think that for something like a couple hundred pounds on my laminate floor it would be fine.
Not sure you should write the company. We ordered 2 sets, they are great, better than the ones that came with our frames. Glad we bought them.
4inches will have the filter nearly touching the wall, so no less than that.
I shop at petco to replace parts when I can't find them on amazon
No
the filter is included in the aquarium not the air pump with bubbles, you would need to buy pump, air hose and air stone separately.
Kip the item dimensions are 24 x 12" x 16". Thank you for your inquiry. - GregRobert Enterprises
Hello, we (GrepRobbert Pet Supplies) have not had noise complaints with this item. It also is a popular product for us. Thank you for your inquiry.
Yes, I have had live aquatic plants in my tank for a couple years. I have the light on a couple hours a day during the week about probably close to 8 hours a day during the weekend. I actually had an aquatic plant that died and a few months later the same plant grew back in the place the old plant was at. Let me know if you need any more information. I have had bamboo and also these plants: http://www.petsmart.com/fish/live-plants/top-fin-plant-bulbs-zid36-15175/cat-36-catid-300070?var_id=36-15175&_t=pfm%3Dcategory I'm assuming the other person who responded to your question has not had live plants in their tank.
Laura, The shipping weight reflects the size of the shipment. FedEx rates packages by weight. However, if a package is very large and item can ship at a rate that is equivalent to a heavier weight than actual because it is taking up extra space. This is the case with this product. We show this item ships at a FedEx minimum weight of 101 lbs. Our shipping price is set to charge at the 101 lb weight. Thank you for your inquiry. - GregRobert Enterprises.
Wildcrafted Shavegrass, Organic Peppermint Leaf, Wildcrafted White Oak Bark, Organic Cloves, Wildcrafted Prickly Ash Bark, Wildcrafted Bayberry Bark, Wildcrafted Slippery Elm Bark, Organic Stevia
I actually prefer to use it with an electric toothbrush, mainly because it's easier to make sure you get all the powder off the brush when you're done (assuming you leave the brush on for the rinse). Either way, you'll probably want to make a little paste with it by adding water, otherwise it's just a fat mess.
like probably 100. I spilt half of my first container and it still lasted for like 3 months or more
Yes! It is tooth powder - you could mix it with toothpaste or put some on top of the toothpaste on your toothbrush and brush away. You can use it by itself. I read on a Dr. Christopher website that people with gum problems make a paste and pack it around their gums and sleep with it that way and it has helped heal gum problems. I did this with a cavity on the gumline and credit this tooth powder with helping it re-calcify. Another smaller cavity was on a tooth surface and that also has re-calcified. I honestly didn't know this was possible, but it is!
It is certainly easier. Not sure that it is as efficacious. Only time will tell. My gums are not in a very good state, so I have started off behind the eight ball in regards to healing them. So far, after using the powder for 2 weeks, I cannot see any difference in them. I am also using vitamins, oil pulling with wild oregano oil, spearmint and golden seal to swish with.
It is a synergistic blend of herbs that limit the growth of damaging microbes in the mouth, while promoting beneficial flora. Since damaging microbes are thought to contribute to dental carries, I will say yes this will help. I am of the camp that re-mineralization is possible. I really like this powder. Will purchasing more.
Don't know if this helps.... mine says "Directions Use in place of toothpaste, or as directed by your health care professional".
Absolutely not. It is herbal. Tastes, good, will stain your toothbrush but who cares. Good product.
No
I have not but that sounds like an excellent idea that I will definitely try myself, since coconut oil is known for its soothing and medicinal properties. Also, the coconut oil mixed with the powder, if kept cool, would probably provide a consistency more like traditional toothpaste.
3 AWG is about 5.8mm, 2AWG is about 6.5mm - there is no exact equivalent. (AWG is the system used in North America. If you're in the UK, 6mm is still between 2 and 3SWG, but the sizes are a little different.)
I agree. On that site, go to Show All. Then click the wire you think you might want. There you will find the gauge. This really is annoying, but you can find it.
Hello...the only way I could figure out the gauge was to click on the Part Number and under the wire picture click on: "READ FULL Product Description" which states the gauge of the wire. There are 32 parts listed, but because 6 ga is really thick & heavy, you could scan the parts for minimal feet, heavy weigh, and higher cost. Have fun....but I loved the wires I received 18 & 22 gauge....and many more to be bought!
3.26mm
22gauge is approx. 1/32 of an inch.
3 AWG is about 5.8mm, 2AWG is about 6.5mm - there is no exact equivalent. (AWG is the system used in North America. If you're in the UK, 6mm is still between 2 and 3SWG, but the sizes are a little different.)
I agree. On that site, go to Show All. Then click the wire you think you might want. There you will find the gauge. This really is annoying, but you can find it.
Hello...the only way I could figure out the gauge was to click on the Part Number and under the wire picture click on: "READ FULL Product Description" which states the gauge of the wire. There are 32 parts listed, but because 6 ga is really thick & heavy, you could scan the parts for minimal feet, heavy weigh, and higher cost. Have fun....but I loved the wires I received 18 & 22 gauge....and many more to be bought!
3.26mm
22gauge is approx. 1/32 of an inch.
3 AWG is about 5.8mm, 2AWG is about 6.5mm - there is no exact equivalent. (AWG is the system used in North America. If you're in the UK, 6mm is still between 2 and 3SWG, but the sizes are a little different.)
I agree. On that site, go to Show All. Then click the wire you think you might want. There you will find the gauge. This really is annoying, but you can find it.
Hello...the only way I could figure out the gauge was to click on the Part Number and under the wire picture click on: "READ FULL Product Description" which states the gauge of the wire. There are 32 parts listed, but because 6 ga is really thick & heavy, you could scan the parts for minimal feet, heavy weigh, and higher cost. Have fun....but I loved the wires I received 18 & 22 gauge....and many more to be bought!
3.26mm
22gauge is approx. 1/32 of an inch.
3 AWG is about 5.8mm, 2AWG is about 6.5mm - there is no exact equivalent. (AWG is the system used in North America. If you're in the UK, 6mm is still between 2 and 3SWG, but the sizes are a little different.)
I agree. On that site, go to Show All. Then click the wire you think you might want. There you will find the gauge. This really is annoying, but you can find it.
Hello...the only way I could figure out the gauge was to click on the Part Number and under the wire picture click on: "READ FULL Product Description" which states the gauge of the wire. There are 32 parts listed, but because 6 ga is really thick & heavy, you could scan the parts for minimal feet, heavy weigh, and higher cost. Have fun....but I loved the wires I received 18 & 22 gauge....and many more to be bought!
3.26mm
22gauge is approx. 1/32 of an inch.
Yes, it has a smooth finish. If you are familiar with PVC pipe you find at home improvement stores the finish is similar.
No, this is a heavy duty piece of PVC. You may be able to apply heat and bend it, but I never tried that myself.
It is smooth on both sides
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
Yes, it has a smooth finish. If you are familiar with PVC pipe you find at home improvement stores the finish is similar.
No, this is a heavy duty piece of PVC. You may be able to apply heat and bend it, but I never tried that myself.
It is smooth on both sides
yes just do not git it hot
I don't have the specifics to answer your question....but maybe this will help. In order for HDPE or HDPP to be a floorboard, I would estimate it would have to be at least 1/2" thick and supported about every foot. It would be heavier than plywood. Also, when wet is is very slick. A 4X8foot chunk would be quite expensive and even more than marine plywood. I would suggest you buy marine grade plywood as it is not subject to rot like regular plywood. Marine plywood is designed to be in wet and high humidity areas, as all layers are glued with water-proof glues. Home Depot in some areas carries it at less than $100 a sheet. Some locations may even stock the 5X8 foot sheets. Chances are your boat has a transom that is made out of marine plywood. Most fiberglass boats have marine plywood built in the transom. My aluminum boat does. Here is a site that explains marine graded plywood. http://www.apawood.org/level_b.cfm?content=srv_help_prd_marine There is no good adhesive for HDPE that actually makes a good bond. Some have had some success with sanding to roughen the surface, washing with acetone, completely drying and then fire treating before applying adhesive. Something an individual can not possibly do properly. I hope this helps.
polyethylene is the most difficult material to bond, I really do not have a good answer Thanks for the inquiry
I got a thick piece, but it was smooth. A thin piece should work fine.
it is available as special order, minimum 10 pieces
Both of them are HDPE, but since I have never worked with "Starboard marine board " I can't tell if there is any significant difference.
I can't guarantee this by any stretch, but it's very thick and strong material and I don't see why it wouldn't work for this purpose.
Yes it can be painted. However you must sand the surface first to give the paint something to stick to. Following the painting you must spray a clear coat after atleast 48 hours.
Hi Kimberly. Yes they're are opaque and if you put a light source under it you'd be able to use it as a light table. Hope it helps.
You could make the seat of a chair with a 1/4" piece and like a bench with a 1/2" piece, it's not real flexible in less than 24" lengths. To get rid of the slick surface you'd have to sand it, 100 grit would work great with just a DA over it a few times.
Yes, it has a smooth finish. If you are familiar with PVC pipe you find at home improvement stores the finish is similar.
No, this is a heavy duty piece of PVC. You may be able to apply heat and bend it, but I never tried that myself.
It is smooth on both sides
I am currently using a CFL in mine.
I've been using it in a porch light application upside down and it's been working fine for 4 months. Time will tell if the heat will cause it to fail. But so far so good.
it is push button - you wouldn't want to keep it turned off anyway, as your system will register it as a failed node
It's about 3" in diameter
No problems....Its an on and off switch with no dimming so works with appliances/led/motors/etc.
They utilize z-wave so they should work
Really flexible. .. last item I returned, UPS came right to the door to pick it up
No, I use Vera
Works well with pulse. Light bulb will stick out a couple of inches, but it is better than the plug in box
If u have 3rd party software. Like a alarm company.
The one they sent me did.
Yes
No. I purchased the gaskets, a "square corner" ring from Amazon, along with new flanges. I would not hesitate to use a properly sized "O" ring under normal operating conditions.
According to www.supplyhouse.com this is a replacement for a Taco 007-3
I had the same noise on mine and found out it was the positioning of the pump that was the problem. I had the junction box part of the pump in the 12 o clock position with the pump horizontal. I turned the pump so the that box went to the 6 o clock position and the noise stopped and never came back. It could also be air in the system. Hope this helps. Dave
I don't know why he would want a 3 speed pump on an outdoor wood furnace. I have this pump on my outdoor furnace. There are different configurations for how you use an outdoor furnace. Mine is a water forced air type, when the Thermostat calls for heat it switches the pump and the furnace fan on, then both go off when the temp is reached, but my furnace is close to the house. The Taco 007 F5 is not a 3 speed pump.
I would suggest not running over 185 degrees as you would be close to making steam- my flange was set up for 3/4 in pipe- mine has been on my outside woodboiler for 2 years and works great- a 20 minute swap out if you have the right tools- hope this helps Kevin Brown
It doesn't come with cord.
Bf4 stands for a bronze pump that is being used for domestic water this one here is a cast iron pump being used for circulating heat only so it's not a replacment
Bf5 stands for a bronze or stainless pump it's not this one
No, we could not get it to work with the closet maid wire shelves. In fact, we did our whole closet in the closet maid system (header rail with vertical supports that latch on) before we realized that the tie pull-out would only fit on the rubbermaid shelves. So we ended up using 1 Rubbermaid shelf where we wanted the tie pull-out and closet maid everywhere else. This particular pull out won't work on the closet maid shelf because it depends on the front support hooking into the front of the rubbermaid shelf. The front of the rubbermaid shelf has a smaller "hook front" than the closet maid shelf does. Hope this makes sense.... We could not get it to work and are very happy with the compromise....
I had the same problem. I didn't like it at all, ended up throwing it away.
No
The tie rack clips on to the shelf above, so no anchors at all when installed this way.
I'm fairly certain that it will. Rubbermaid fits Rubbermaid, but will not cross over to other brands. I believe the same is true with Closet Maid.
Yes--The HCS8715M fits any standard or 3000 PSI tanks from "A" size to "E" size.
It will work the same, you can set it in any position as you would the lower LPM Regulator, but it will also allow you to go higher in the rescue modes. That's normally what the higher settings are for. Most people only need a set feed (depending on the Doctor's orders and patients needs) of 2 LPM at the start of therapy, up to 5 LPM. In the case of most home Concentrators, (Oxygen Generating Units) they only go up to 5 or 6 LPM.
Continuous only. The Conserve Regulators are a good deal higher in price. I use this for my wife's large 6 Ltr tanks for emergencies if we loose power right now. The Conserve regulator we have I use for her Small M tanks when we go somewhere. Because she has such a hard time drawing with a normal conserve, we have a dual tube regulator for her that makes it very easy to use.
Yes
No, it goes from 10lpm to 15lpm.
The regulator is standard for exygen tanks so, yes, it would fit. Air transport. Ask the airline as rules my differ. Tanks can be shipped empty.
It should but I have never tried it. I use it on B & E and one of the responders to a previous question used it on a C.
Yes it does. I have C and E tanks and it works perfectly. You will need to order the gaskets. And I love the fact that it will go up to 15LPM when you are under stress.
No, will not work.
It has #1 thru #6 and then it will go to 8, 10,12,15 LPM.
You need to decide something first... Do you wish solar & battery power to be used whenever it is available, and switch to line power after it is depleted, or do you wish solar & battery power to be used as a line failure backup power source, only when power fails?? If using solar battery whenever solar power is available, the front set of screws in the picture connect to the A.C. line power cord to be plugged into the wall later. (call them the front screws) It's easiest if you use a white wire( or the ribbed wire in a polarized plug cord), on the right side of the pictured relay and the other side use a black wire(or the non-ribbed smooth side) for the other one. the second set of screws on the sides near the front connect to the power inverter and the relay coil screws on the sides in the middle too, each side to the same color wire. the rear screw terminals are connected to the load outlet cord or power strip that supplies your devices. Use wire heavy enough for the system you wish to power, and inverter that you connect to. For 20 amp load use #12 wires, or for 30 amp load use #10 wires. remember that a 12 volt inverter multiplies voltage, and divides the current, meaning that a 100 watt light bulb pulls about .9 amps at 120 volts a.c., but the inverter needs 9-10 amps at 12 volts d.c. to power the inverter. so a 1000 watt inverter puts out about 9 amps at 120 volts, needing about 85 to 90 amps from the batteries needing about #4 battery cables to supply the power. 3000 watt needs a #2 cable. It's best to locate batteries close to the inverter to avoid long heavy cables. If however, you wish to use solar as a power supply when A.C. line quits working, then the line power cord connects to the second set of side screws(lower contact) and the coil middle set of screws. The inverter power cord then connects to the upper set of contacts(front screws) the output to your devices is connected the same at the back set of screws to the armature moving contacts. you may also want to use a heavy continuous-duty contactor to turn off inverter, when line power is used to give inverter a rest, and save battery power. Its best to mount in a metal box, and ground all green ground wires to the box for safety. some solar systems have a Positive ground (red wire) connected to ground instead of the negative (black) wire, so if grounding the solar units separately, you may not be able to ground the inverter, and may have to reverse the black and white inverter power output cord wires to prevent grounding problems in Positive ground situations if needed. If you use a Motor home inverter, this relay will likely not be needed, and will automatically switch over internally to line power when available.
Mine does not hum, I use it as an automatic transfer switch in the living room, it's been on 24 hrs a day for a month with zero noise. I would return it and try another one.
It is limited to 30 amps. You dont get more amp capacity by lowering the voltage. FYI, mine was visibly broken upon delivery. It came in a padded envelope, which wasnt nearly protective enough. I sent it back for refund.
You're reading too much into the description. All contacts are rated at 30 amps.
I never measured mine, but I believe it might be an 8-32 screw.
1. It is DPDT 30A NO (normally open) relay. 2. Measures about 2 1/2" x 3 1/4" x 2 3/8"
Yes, two of them.
The Coil is rated at 5 Amp's. I put a volt meter on it and it showed 3.5 amp's after kick in. Hope this help's...
Nope, it is as pictured, and should be installed in an enclosure of some sort.
No, the coil that activates the relay is 120VAC - use R04-11D30-12 for a 12VDC coil and contacts that can carry 30A at 120VAC
This towbar is universal - it will fit any vehicle you have the proper mount for.The towbar only has safety chains to the towing vehicle, so you'll need to buy some chains and hooks to go to the towed vehicle. Your chrysler has a plastic bumper skin - you cannot mount the towbar to it. You'll need a frame mounting kit to safely tow. I don't know if there is one available from Amazon - the installation is usually involved, since you cannot weld or drill legally to the frame of any vehicle. You may be able to use the bumper shock mount bolt holes with longer bolts. the mount you need will mount to both frame rails, with a crossmember that will hang just below the bumper. This crossmember is where you would mount the towbar to, with those mounting brackets included with the towbar. Many states require a braking system to the towed vehicle in a configuration like this , and all require lights on the towed vehicle. You'll need to either buy towlights ( magnetic base that will plug into your 4 flat harness on the van) or have the chrysler wired for front towing. If your chrysler is not all wheel drive or 4 wheel drive, you won't be able to tow it with the front wheels on the ground, as this will destroy your transmission. It would be much easier to just rent a trailer that you could drive the car onto, secure, and drive away. Hope this helps!!
It's doubtful you will be able to just drill some holes, mount up, and hit the road. The distance of the bolt hole centerline to centerline on my Jeep is 29 1/4 ". The brackets supplied with the towbar are " C " shaped, and will not work alone going over a plastic bumper assembly such as you have. The towbar MUST be securely mounted to the frame rails. In order to do this correctly, you will need to make a cross mounted bar of at least 3/8" thickness to mount the towbar to. You'll need to make a basic "C" shape bar, with the short legs bolted to the end of the frame rails of the Mustang, thereby giving you the space to drill the 5/8" holes for the towbar mount brackets. Legally you cannot weld to the Frame rails, so bolting is recommended - besides, you'll be able to remove it after your move. The geometry of the cross mounting bar MUST be exact - otherwise you'll risk losing the car or trashing the tires as you go. Also - the towbar only comes with 1 set of chains usually, and you need to have the towbar chained to the tow vehicle as well as the towing vehicle. It can get complicated and there is little room for error. As a side note, you need to check the tightness of ALL bolts concerning and connecting the towbar and vehicles as they almost always loosened on the road. After the initial tighening and adjustment, dab fingernail polish on the threads at the Nut to help lock them together. Best of Luck!!
Not with out modification
You will need to drill holes in the bumper (if you have a metal bumper) or somewhere on the frame of the vehicle to mount the brackets. You may need to make, or have made, additional brackets for this to work. It depends on your vehicle.
I tow a jeep with mine so a mower should be no problem.
Every car is different the only thing that is the same is the process of attaching the bracket on the bumper reinforcement by drilling holes and attaching the bracket to that
You will either need to drill into the bumper or make some type of bracket under or over the bumper to connect it. You can make it work, but if you have a restored '61 falcon I don't know if you want to be drilling holes in the bumper. And as always, the car must be standard shift, not automatic.
Do not buy this tow bar. It's not worth it. You're better off paying for the expensive ones for light weight and easy usability This thing is too heavy does not fold or store well and is almost impossible to modify for newer street cars buy an Excalibur or blue ox instead
Dude, you don't want this. This thing only tows old vehicles because if it has a driver side airbag the bumpers will set them off. The best thing to do is get a dolley. You can have mine if you'd like.
It should work. I use it to tow my jeep. I had to modify it a little but have been happy with how it's worked. Have hauled my jeep about 3 separate times on 10 hour round trips.
what u see is what u get the only thing u do not see is the remote and manual crank in case something go wrong with the remote.
Yes it can. Semi electronic means that in order to lower or raise the bed itself you would have to use a leaver. But if you are buying it from club DME their customer service is horrible our remote system stopped working after couple of months and they never took care of it.
Not as thick as a regular mattress - maybe half as thick. You don't want it to be too thick though because it needs to bend when you adjust the feet/head. We did have a pneumatic pad on top of the mattress to help prevent bed sores so that added some extra thickness, but even without that it was reasonably comfortable.
Yes, it moves all the way up to a sitting position. We purchased a hospital table that slides under the bed, and over her lap, so she can sit in bed and feed herself.
I don't know. I have always used sheets made specifically for hospital beds. They stretch with the repositioning of the bed where sheets for a regular bed wouldn't.
We can only ship to a US port of your choice and then have you arrange shipping from there.
The head of the bed raises and lowers electrically. The foot of the bed raises and lowers electrically. The bed height raises and lowers manually.
The mattress is included. It is not very comfortable because it has to be thin to fold up whenever the head or feet are elevated.
Truthfully, it depends on the driver. The included shipping is technically "curbside" though I believe in most cases it is taken in. Thanks
Yes I have both on mine, but they are hard to put up and down. You have to be out of bed to do it
GHT
No it does not.
it looks like the small/large ends are just opposite of what you describe
I bought this product and was also surprised. I'm not even sure we can get it in its pure form here as it is grown in the Phillipines. I'm just going to keep searching. Sorry I couldn't be of more help.
Ingredients: precipitated calcium carbonate, sorbitol, aqua, glycerine, hydrated silicate, sodium lauryl sulphate, flavor, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, carrageenan, sodium saccharin, methylparaben, propylparaben, neem extra, sodium monofluro phosphate, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, tea tree oil. These are the ingredient label on it.
!No fluoride, the ingredients r as follows:precipitated calcium carbonate, sorbitol, aqua, glycerine, hydrated silica, sodium laurel sulphate, flavour, sodium silicate, sodium carboxymethylcellulose, carrageenan, sodium saccharin, methylparaben,propylaraben, neem extract,sodium monofluoro phosphate, sodium dihydrgen phosphate, tea tree oil ci, 191940, city 420090, natural n nature derived ingredients
Yes, tilts both ways. Actually I was very pleased with this product (I was expecting less). My wife and I both had different surgeries a few weeks apart, and were able to use it in bed, from either side. It raises up pretty high too, and goes low so it can be used at a chair as well.
Low = 28 1/2 inches High = 40 inches
You need about 3 1/2 inches of clearance in order for it to roll under anything .
It is easy to raise and lower...but not one handed. One hand needs to squeeze the lever. the other hand guides the table up or down. Very little effort is needed.
I don't have the table here, but I'd say about 20 pounds. This is a very good table and is being used in a nursing home for a large laptop. It has been super and very well balanced.
15.5" x 26.5" x 3"
With the casters you'd need 3 1/4 inches of clearance. Without the casters you'd need 1 1/4 inches.
40 inches.
It was sturdy unless you push down very hard and the tilt won't hold. Used for 8 weeks after surgery and never had problem.
There is a very small lip around it. Not sure how much tilt it would handle.
No there are no 3/8 wing nuts. the largest size is 5/16
No, Randy, they are SAE, non metric, wing nuts. I was disappointed. Best, Kurt
Hi Adam! there are NOT any 1/2" 20's in this assortment- the very small ones appear to be the machine-screw threads I remember from my Dad's shop, but not as you go up in size. Hit the hardware store!
#10-24(3/16")..#10-32(3/16")..1/4"-20..1/4"-28...5/16"-18...5/16"-24
I contacted DAP and they sent a technical data bulletin and it says the operating range is -40 to 400 degrees F.
I put a piece of plastic bag with a rubber band over the end. It seemed to work fine.
From the DAP website: Long-lasting 100% silicone rubber sealant provides a strong waterproof seal that won't crack or shrink. Ideal for quick household repairs and projects, as well as building and repairing aquariums. Harmless to fresh and saltwater fish. Safe for food contact. Dishwasher and microwave safe.
That's the main reason I bought it. I used it to repair a few Food Saver containers and they obviously store liquids and solid food. Bought this DAP after reading in a forum that it was the only one that is safe around food. Yes, washing by hands or dishwasher will not damage it.
I did not use this product for adhereing rubber to plastic but I would bet that it would work just fine. I used it a couple of years ago to adhere pennys to a bowling ball to make a "gazing ball" for my yard. There are literally a couple of hundred pennies on this ball and I leave it outside year-round and not one penny has fallen off. This stuff is amazing. GIve it a try and its not very expensive.
Super weak! It is a caulk/sealant, not an adhesive. You can't glue anything. I found out the hard way, gluing 4 different things, and it failed miserably. It's an ok sealant caulk when you need food-safe.
Yes
This works beautifully with crystals and beads and I've heard it did a great job on my nephew's fish tank. He said it didn't leak and he had 40 fish and didn't lose one. I hope this helped.
Hi Terrie I found it was better to let it sit over night. A full day and you'll have a good bond.
This is clear in color and non-toxic. This should work for you.
Yes. These are great machine on any type carpet or floor covering include tile or hardwood.
Yes, the pole unscrews at the base and again further up near the bag. Something long can be put through to knock out any obstruction. The only thing that's a pain is that you have to do all that just to see if there actually is a clog.
This model has 2 speeds and a longer cord plus an easy carry handle at the back of it.
It works just great. It gets up every last hair. It's the best vacuum I have ever used.
Don't know. I love this vacuum.
The claim is the bag does not allow dust to escape into the air.
There is no carpet height adjustment on this. You might want to try a higher priced model.
No just one.
not only does it pick up cat fur but I have two little pug dogs (worst shedders in the world) and it picks up every piece of their hair...I luv luv luv this vacuum
Go to Amazon .com and look up Oreck Vacuum bags for your model.
You need one of those giant guns it is probably 28 or 32 oz. capacity. You can see them at Home Depot and Lowes.
will drip thru, its softer than yogurt, its like Hershey's chocolate syrup
You would need a paint that is flexible in all seasons as this caulk will flex itself throughout it's life.
I've never tried it but I don't see any reason why it wouldn't work.
Can't give you an answer as we used it to fill in the area between driveway slabs after we removed the rotted wood.
we follow directions on tube. If you do it like the directions say, your tires will not touch it, but we gave it an extra day. A year later it still looks like the day we put it in---no mildew from TX humidity whereas the neighbor put in SlabGasket and his was black from mildew in 6 months (slabgasket would've cost us over $600 and we did the quikrete for a little under $200--highly recommend.
Gray
Yes
This cover fits my hardwood floor mop that is 8 1/4 x 15 1/2".
It fits. Just received mine, so haven't used/washed it yet...and it doesn't seem to fit like the original...but might be even better as it is very snug. It's a nice thick terry.
I got the mop refill #0774 that fit great
I do not believe it will fit, The product is made of microfiber and is not 100% terri cloth.
Yes:)
Refill #077 fits a mop which measures 8 3/8 x 15 1/2"
I bought 3 of these and they're all mixed up across a couple pegboards around the house/garage so I can't definitively verify, but here is the inventory list that comes in each set: http://www.360realms.com/PIX/HookInventory.jpg The black plastic piece to the left is one of the "hold downs". There are probably a dozen+ in each package, however they are only compatible with SOME of the hook styles (as you might expect). I'd highly recommend using them wherever you can, they make a world of difference and were the deciding factor for my purchase of these sets vs all the others I saw here on Amazon.
ID is 3/4" and there are 5 per package
They are smaller than 1/4 and fall out to easy when removing tools.
Put one end into a pegboard hole, place it across a hook (that is in the pegboard) and then put the other end in a pegboard hole. The black plastic thing holds a hook firmly in place so that when you take a tool from it, the hook does not move.
Its actually quite compact for the amount of items!
Go back to finish nails & screws for your board & forget about those damn hooks which don't fit securely in the board, even with the retainer straps
Yes it does
You can get rubberizer and dip them in it. Probably easier than looking for tips.
Most holes are 1/4 inch. Unless you have very small holes I would look at buying the bulk lots and not this item. I ended up throwing most of it away.
just place the plastic hook through holes on either side of the tool hooks, which crosses over the hook
Yes, it did. It came ready to fill and go!
Was not designed for a lawn mower Perfect for a forklift or BBQ
We are using our forklift propane tank on a horizontal mount
The wheels are 2" high & the base only slightly higher than that. I would say 2 1/2inches to 2 3/4 inches.
I have only used them on hard floors, but I do not see why they would not work on carpet..
It won't sit flat, but each leg will make contact with all three caster arms. Should be stable enough.
They roll pretty well on carpet that isn't too thick and soft. Also it depends a little on the weight of what you're carrying. I successfully used it for my dresser within my apartment (on a fairly soft bedroom carpet) and it worked pretty well. I also used it to move the dresser about 500ft when moving apartments down a carpeted corridor and for that it worked excellently.
I believe they hold about 700 pounds. I place a large 3500 pound safe on four of them on the four legs and they work great.
It is about 18" in 'diameter'. It is not light but could be carried in one hand.
No
Not sure of the question.. if you're asking will a small caster fit in the bowl shaped depression in the center. Yes, but your problem will be whether the caster will allow the bottom of what's on your castor to clear the top of three wings of the Mintcraft castor assembly. Otherwise the load will sit on top of one or more of the three wings and your castor won't be touching. Hoped that helped.
No
It is sold as one !
Specs say 12 inches, though I'm sure that will depend on the thickness of your glass, or the thickness+type of wood used, weight that you want to hold and whether you're into studs or just drywall. We started with 12", looked odd, so we cut it down to 8 1/2".
It comes as a pair
The brackets come with clear plastic, adhesive-backed strips that can be used to adjust the gap to an appropriate thickness for the shelf.
absolutely. i have crowns,implants, the works and this toothbrush works very well and is extremely gentle.
Don't know about the percentage of plaque removal as I haven't had my teeth professionally cleaned since starting to use it. However, my teeth feel great all day long and I swear that my morning breath has diminished, as well.
Yes it is a manual brush, not motorized. The battery helps to create the ionic charge (Sakuma et al., 1987). In the middle of the plastic handle there is a metal conductor rod. It connects the bristle portion to the battery. A second conductor (the metal strip) is also connected to the battery. When you grasp the handle of the toothbrush, and hence the metal strip, an electric circuit is formed through your body, your teeth, and the conductive rod. The resulting ionic action weakens the electrostatic bonds that enable tartar to stick to your teeth. There are ionic toothbrushes without the battery that are powered by a reversed current circuitry but Ansai et al. (2000) concluded that the lithium powered ones were more effective.
There is actually a built-in 3 volt battery located in the handle of the toothbrush. You do not replace the battery. There is a "tester" button on the handle to check your battery charge. It will last minimum of about two years. Once there is no light/charge, then you just replace the toothbrush.
No special requirements, you just have to hold the metal band of the brush handle with 2 fingers, the fingers have to be wet. It is very easy, the metal band is located at the place where the fingers have to be situated anyway. I think that the brush is working very well. I do recommend it.
I'd say that the brushes are soft. The brush stiffness does not seem to impact the cleaning for me. It is all about the ionic charge.
I threw this toothbrush out after about a week of use. The size stated is surely not correct, but don't waste your money on this anyway.
About every six months. Each package comes with a replacement, so I buy a new package once a year. I love the toothbrush. It really works.
No the batteries last about 2 years then you buy a new handle!
The suggested replacement rate is every six months, but I replace it every three. Using the special covers that supposedly clean the brush while not in use, I find that black spots appear in the brush head if I don't switch it out after about 3 months.
Seems like the crane was manufactured in the US. The life jack does say China on it. Works fine for me. Thanks
This has a friction brake winch and it will lock automatically as soon as operator turns the handle counter-clockwise to lower the load.
This unit is meant to lift items from ground to truck bed height, then rotate into cargo area.
5/8 inch bolts. Get them home Depot, stainless steel with washers both top and bottom.
I cant measure the side to the mount, I am recovering from 2 recent surgeries and the 3rd is scheduled for the first week in January (one failed) I don't walk very good at this time) I can tell you, to detach the crane you just lift it out of its base, however it is heavy and the posts try and move apart. I just use a 1" wide utility strap and ratchet it tight, then lift out. I haven't tried to order an extra base, it would be nice though. I am planning on making this a trailer hitch mount as well, probably will be toward May, June depending on my back surgery success.
Good Afternoon, This item has a 1/4" diameter and 16' cable. Thank you
Letting the cable out is free wheeling, but you should hear the ratchet as you lift. I hope this helps.
Use a large mount plate to distribute the load over a large area. 1/4 inch plate works well. Try to drill through at a point where the bolts will connect through the plastic and into steel.
I have not even opened the box, however I got a cherry picker from harbor freight that only had a short arm where I needed a much longer arm, mine was a one ton model. so I took out the inside bar with the chain and went to the metal shop and got a much longer one had to do a little grinding to get it to fit inside to slide. I believe the one I replaced it with was 5 or 6 ft long drilled the holes and lifted 450 Lbs with no problems at all. what I planed on doing with the vistil is I bout a cheap hitch and I'm going to weld it to it stick it in my car hitch and I have bought a cheap champion electric winch with 12" leads to hook it to my car battery and just winch the blasted thing. I bought mine because I had a 900 Lb gun safe fall on me. So It should take care of your needs just fine. 200Lb is alot lighter than 450 and 900 lbs. remember those numbers are working load limits not breaking load limits. So you should be fine and you can remove it whenever you want do to the hitch. I would thing if you need 60 inches you could probably get away with 1/4 " thick steel inside bar and alot longer. hopes this helps remember the harber freight ones are even thinner. Just remember if you hook it to a dock use long lag bolts with big washers. I would have no hesitation on it. If I was computer savy I would send you a picture of mine. Never bent, swayed or buckled.
The mounting plate is 10-5/8" square overall. The bolt holes are 4-1/8" from center to center.
No, this unit is for alternating current (AC) use only. Automotive applications are always direct current (DC).
It will not work the same way. The 102 begins its time delay when power is applied. The 203 begins its time delay when power is removed. It all depends on what you are controlling with it. If you are controlling an AC compressor, you probably want the 203....if doing something else, where you need to delay a device every time power is applied on startup, stay with the 102. If you aren't sure, stick with the 102. Hope this helps!
It allows a 24volt signal to time delay a 120/240 volt system.
between 1-10 min. You turn the Red Knob to how long you want.
no we don't that would be in automotive.
Yes it shoul do the trick your gonna wanna cut that red loop wire for 120/230v if you dont you'll be sorry
A minimum of 5 minutes.
Yep...
Yes just two wires if that is all your original capacitor had. I have install two on each of my motorhome ac units. They give the old units a real solid start.
If there are two, replace the start CAP with this one. Be sure that it is truly a start capacitor for the compressor and not the fan.
There are two connectors on each wire to allow attachment of the hard start kit to the capacitor and then the wires for the compressor attach to the wings on the hard start kit connectors. Please refer to you particular models wiring schematic to know proper wire placement
I think it depends on the AC unit. When I installed this in my RV AC, I hooked it onto the existing.
Don't know anything about a Frigidaire. I put this on an RV air conditioner.
It doesn't mount like the factory but you can secure it in with clamp. It will work based on my research but I discovered I had other issues and therefore I cannot speak as an I witness with my own eyes to actually see it kickoff the compressor.
I am sorry i cannot answer your question. I am not a technical person and was told what part to buy. My son installed snd all worked great.
The joint where the glue is won't be pliable. The plastic further away from the glue will be if that's the nature of the plastic.
Yes...very quickly this is plastic cement.
Have not tried. Dont think it would be effective. Designed for plastic only. Have used it on wood to fill holes in wood where stripped wood screws have been . And drilled new holes for new screws. Randy
No this product is not intended for this
Yeah, let it dry completely before doing so though
No that is not what its meant for.
No, It claims it can withstand 250 degrees but my experience has been that not only is not suitable for that use; although I mixed equal parts of resin and hardener it does not set up hard enough to hold plastic together for anything but light use.
No. I don't think it will.
It will glue anything except vinyl. Very sticky.
I do not know. I never tried. it does dry kind of hard and is pretty sticky to most things.
This pedal has no variable speed control. It is an momentary on-off switch. Push the pedal forward and you have power output. Take your foot off and it shuts off the power. I use mine on my scroll saw so I can keep both hands on my work. Nice product.
It can be used on variable speed equipment, but the pedal its self is not a speed control.
The "Billy Pedal" that I have...has a rating of 15 amperes @ 120VAC. You'll need to check the ratings on your drill press motor.
Thereis a inlet plug from the power to the billy padal foot switch, in that it plugs in from your saw to the foot pedal so when you put the foot pedal down it completes the circuit to turn the Switcn when you take your foot off the petal it cuts off the power to the saw.
No, Yes I use mine with a scroll saw to start and stop the saw. Any variable speed control would have to be part of the saw itself.
Tool plugs in the end of the pedal, pedal plugs in any outlet. Can't miss the receptacle on the front end. Great tool!
No. This foot pedal is for electric motors and not to be confused with anything computer related.
I don't know about controlling speed with this item. I only use it on an Ice Shaver that has a single speed. It has worked very well for me as an off/on switch, but the speed is controlled by the machine and not the foot pedal.
No. It is designed for 120 V.
I can't see why not unless their switch may have some water or moisture resistant characteristics or protection that this does not. If so, that to me must be considered being a big personal safety issue.
the gel in them conforms around the opening so I don't see why it wouldn't.
No they slip on
Universal sizes on tubing as long as it's littmann
I'm not familiar with Bowles products. Do you happen to know if the ear pieces screw on, or just "pop" on? If they screw on, then these ear pieces probably won't fit. If they "pop" on, there's a chance they will fit. Sorry to be vague, hope this helps.
yes It Is A Pair
Possibly. Quality of the stethoscope matters greatly. Make sure the tips are the right size for the ears: small, medium, or large.
Yes, they will fit all or most sizes and brands of stethoscopes.
the gel in them conforms around the opening so I don't see why it wouldn't.
No they slip on
Universal sizes on tubing as long as it's littmann
I'm not familiar with Bowles products. Do you happen to know if the ear pieces screw on, or just "pop" on? If they screw on, then these ear pieces probably won't fit. If they "pop" on, there's a chance they will fit. Sorry to be vague, hope this helps.
yes It Is A Pair
Possibly. Quality of the stethoscope matters greatly. Make sure the tips are the right size for the ears: small, medium, or large.
Yes, they will fit all or most sizes and brands of stethoscopes.
I have the same Eletric Skillet Model 310-B and Farberware 5 QT. Pot pourri model No 320 - A. Factory Services CO-PR3F heat control seems to work with both.
Measure the distance between probe inlets to see if it will fit your unit
It did not work for us, it can't work it has a different shape to it, that was the problem.
Don't know. Check the physical dimensions very carefully.
Amazon.com
I would think as long as the plug fits it should work. I purchased a new plug for a fry pan that was thirty years old and it works fine.
I do not know. If you have the original unit, I would measure the distance between the two holes and the length of the probe and compare it against the specs of the PR3F. If you are still not sure, I would contact Factory Services Co.
Did for me
yes
I can not tell you. It was supposed to work for the Griddle we had but it did not even fit.
Each one is 1 1/8" around and 1 1/2" from back of magnet to tip of hook. Hope that helps!
I put 2 light silicone potholders on one magnetic hook on my range door rail, or range door, and they fall to the floor, they will hold one. I did not consider these hooks as a good buy, and could not recommend them.
Maybe. When it doesn't hang well, it doesn't flip off . . . it just tends to slide, which can often be stopped by putting another flatter refrig magnet right below it.
It depends on the surface you put them on. On my fridge, they hold cooking utensils just fine. In my old apartment, where I used them on metal cabinets, they would only hold the lighter ones. The magnets aren't particularly strong.
No idea, but these have worked really well for me around my kitchen.
Yes. Each individual package contains 4 hooks, regardless of how many packages you buy.
I am purely speculating but I would likely not use this for the flexible seams in a pop up tent. I would feel more comfortable going with one of the aerosol type sealers. My concern with this sealant for that purpose would be the thickness of application and maintenance of flexibility and adhesion over time.
I used this product around my chimmney and other areas of roof flashing with great results so far. You might want to sand {Scuff} the metal and wipe clean with 50/50 alcohol & water first. I still used an outdoor caulking along the edges first. Hope this helps.
Not a cleaner and will protect.It goes on like clear to milky liquid gummy bear candy with a brush
Yes, it will work great
No
The can says 100 sq ft per gallon for smooth surface and 25 sq ft for rough/porous, so a quart you are looking at 25 sq ft on a smooth surface and about 7 sq ft on rough/porous.
This is more of a metal roof and gutter sealant it has a very strong smell and I would not recommend using indoors.
When I purchased them, there were 12 sets (top piece + bottom piece).
1 and 1/8 of an inch outside diameter
yes you can as long as you don't mind brass grommets
yes it is but shop around you might find a deal go to amazon .com look up grommets 5.26 for 12
The hole size for these grommets measures right at 1/2 inch.
The Lord & Hodge 1074-4 brass grommet tool is also hammer type. So I would think so, but can't tell you yes for sure.
3/8 maybe 1/2 in. But I imagine you lose some depth when ends curl over
Yes it works great. I use it for my makeup which I attached magnets to on the back.
My experience with this product is limited, I've only bought one sheet for a small non-kitchen project. In my opinion, it would not offer the sort of tough, durable finish that you might want for a counter top. It doesn't appear to be as thick or have the same made-to-withstand-wear finish that is usually used for stainless steel appliances or sinks. But as I said, my experience is limited and a professional might disagree with me.
No, it will not break.
I used mine whole. Pretty thick. If you have a blade for cutting steel either in your jigsaw that would work and maybe get a nicer cut. But I don't think you will like it cut with bolt cutters.
I'm pretty sure you'd have to cut it yourself.
Yes, a magnet will stick to it.
I am sure these would work for your intended purpose, however, these chains are specifically for the use of a fail safe for trailers/campers. It would be more beneficial, and less expensive, for you to go to your local hardware store and buy a lighter gauge chain. You can purchase it by the foot, so an exact length can be achieved.
Each chain is 36" in length about 38" with link. Great chain, just wish in my case they were 4" longer. Great value, good product.
I am not sure. it is very heavy and strong however. My husband says strong enough to use for a trailer hitch.
3000 pounds per chain. I use them with my weight distribution hitch set up, pulling a 30FT coachman.
Hi Daniel. These are 'outside' dimensions, i.e., not inside the space enclosed by the link. Length, end to end is 1 3/4 inch. Width, side to side is 1 inch. Each link is formed by 1/4 inch diameter 'rod' bent into an oval... so you can easily determine the space size enclosed by oval. Hope this helps you determine if this is what you need for your project. Tom
It is a diaphragm and rim, I am noy sure which scope it fits. I am pretty sure I have a basic littman and it fits.
According to Littman/3M site, product #36557 (the one advertised here) is for the large side of the Cardiology II & III, and select other models.
Grey
I do not know for sure but it looks like it is the same size.
Check Amazon, Littman and Steele websites.
What kind if Littman is that? I have no idea from just numbers and letters alone , what type is it?
I don't know of any reason why not. Use the couplers with the stainless wrapped around them. The whole package will be a little more rigid and less chance of leaking because of bending or leaning.
Absolutely! I have one installed horizontally. I tried to mount it vertical but due to the configuration of the pump and surroundings I had to make it horizontal. It works perfectly and is still totally quiet. I've mounted others vertically and I see absolutely no difference in the way the valve works. Go for it!
You have to pvc cement it in. you need 1 1/2" pvc pipe. and then adapter fittings, to interface glued and threaded/screwed pipe. This valve is invaluable. Complete silence. Thank me later.
Sewage sump pumps typically use 2" pipe and need the 2" check valve. Stormwater sump pumps extracting water from around the foundation of a home typically use 1.5" PVC pipe and need the 1.5" Campbell check valve. You can install this either by cementing the two couplings this valve comes with to your PVC pipes using PVC cement (and then screwing in the Campbell check valve to the coupling, or screwing out by hand to remove it), or by buying two rubber sleeves with screw clamps labeled at my local Ace Hardware store 'Socket to Pipe Coupling--1.5" Plastic Socket to 1.5" Plastic Pipe'. With optional rubber sleeves, you don't need to mess with PVC cement. Note, however, that standard 1.5" rubber sleeves will fit your 1.5" PVC pipe but NOT fit your 1.5" Campbell check valve (they're a little too small on the Campbell coupling end). Again you need the ones that are labeled to go between 1.5" Plastic Socket and 1.5" Plastic Pipe.
The couplers glue directly to the PVC main pipe (upper and lower). You will need additional pieces (1.5" or the like) only if you mis-measure and need to experiment to get the right length established. Just remember to glue the lower coupler ONLY after the sump cover is placed over the pipe coming from the pit, assuming you're using a radon-type tight fit cover . . . otherwise, you've got a problem. You can't fit a radon-type cover over the coupler. Also, the couplers are NOT routinely available at home improvement stores, if you make a mistake and need to correct it by buying another coupler. The couplers are specific to the check valve.
I don't think so. You can always adapt your line up to a 1.5 and then back down after the unit. Just stop at the pvc isle in your local hardware store.
From connector to connector approx.. 10"
I've only had it installed for one year (one wet season). So far I've had no problems.
The ends that come with the check valve fit 1.5" PVC and can be glued. Then you just unscrew each end and slide out the check valve to replace it with a new one. That's how I have mine configured. The only thing I worry about is if they'll still make these when my valve needs to be replaced. If the new one isn't the same size, then I'll have to cut pipes. I'd suggest putting a rubber coupler above the valve so you can easily disconnect the rubber coupler and replace the valve and short pipe to pump without any cutting. I bought a spare check valve so I should be OK for a long time.
Yes, I use to have a pretty loud hammering noise when my pump shut off, but now it is silent. I cannot recommend this enough if you are sick of hearing the water hammer sound.
I have actually never tried it on Windows or Mirrors or Wood...but use it on almost everything else. I have even been using it this summer in a spray bottle 1part to 4 parts water, to kill insects like flys, mosquitos, ants and spiders.
The basic Simple Green is both a cleaner and degreaser and may well work on your O-ring chains. The product is quite concentrated and the bottle instructions give the dilution formulas depending on what you're cleaning. The company also makes other products, some of which may be more specific to your need. If you go to their website, they do have a formula specifically for "motorsports" under the "household" tab. They also have industry specific products under the "industrial" tab, which you might find useful as well. You can order from the website, or use their locator to find a product at a location near you. And Amazon carries many of these products, too!
Yes
Never used it for that, but I am sure it would do the job. Good luck.
yes it can be. it can be used full strength or diluted.
I use a small paper note pad and squirt two even puddles of resin and hardener on the pad. Then I mix the two puddles together well. I mix a little more than I think I need for the job and use any extra on any other any other projects I have.
This two-part epoxy, when mixed with its 'Part B' hardener (pictured), will cure in an amber color. The final result will *not* be clear.
Hello, i repair woodwind instruments and so far was using T-88 only with wood and metal parts. It look like it should work for you too because it has very good quality. May be would be better if you try to find who is making T-88 and send your question directly. Good Luck!
Yes. It will stick to metal if the surface is roughened. However, it was more intended for wood, where the glue will impregnate into the wood. T88 will not stand up to excessive heat because it will soften as it heats up (130F and up).
I use this on my rc planes. It is head and shoulders above any hobby epoxy. Resistant ? most certainly. Proof ? I wouldn't suggest soaking it in a vat of glow fuel. If used on the fire wall, cover in a little dope if you need more assurance. T-88"s sister product "Gel Magic" is one notch better because it is thixotropic. You can glob it on a vertical surface and it won't run off. Both are excellent epoxy's though in my opinion. The area around proper glue joint will fail before the T-88 lets go.
Yes
this epoxy is more along the lines of automotive use. I would use regular tile grout for your application, it would be cheaper and go further than epoxy.
24 Hrs. for full cure.
It adverts at 3", but it seems a bit thinner. Its telescopes outward also. BY THE WAY: This pole is good for hanging things, but if you need something for more support (like someone walking around with it) I'd say look at a better stability one. I used this for a decoration and now for hanging things, so it worked for me. Its base is solid, but oddly designed. I can see it good for if it's by a bed (for it's intended use) or just stationary. Hope that helps!
We never had the need to lock ours, so I can't say definitely, but I'm pretty sure they don't, since there's no obvious locking lever to be seen on them.
I'm not sure what an "e-z" shower bag is? Like for camping? If that's what you mean, I would say so. But any tree branch would work too. If this doesn't answer your question because I'm not understanding, please let me know. :)
The pole telescopes, if that's what you mean.
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
I have a couple of these installled. I prefer the bigger brass one. I had one of these that stopped working and it leaked some. I Have a couple of the bigger brass ones and they work great.
http://media.wattswater.com/ES-HAV.pdf
You need to solder on a 3/4" female slip by1/8" threaded female
I have 2 installed. Yes they are suppose to. I have 2 of the larger brass ones. I think those work better. I replaced one of these with the larger brass one. I have these smaller ones on the basement zone and seem to work fine. From what I was told the knob has to be screwed in. the air will still be able to get out. I had one of these that did not seem to do the job and just put the brass one in. Everything is fine now. Just started the furnace last week and no air in the system. I think these small ones with the knob on top can leak. The one of mine did. Some one else said the same thing.
I put a couple on the baseboard radiators. I think the bigger brass one's work better. I heard these little ones sometimes leak. I did have that one leak and not sure if it was from the threads or not. I took it off and put the bigger brass on on. I have and extra brass one in case I get air in the basement zone. Myself I would buy the bigger brass kind.
The light colored knob has to be turned all the way closed. It has fiber washers that allow air to go through, but seal when wet so water does not come out. I have these plus I bought the larger brass ones. I think the larger ones work better. The little knob on those you open one turn.
please answer how to set bleeder
Carolyn, I used them for a completely different application but you would have to turn the knob counter clockwise to bleed out air or water. I do not believe they are made to work automatically just manually. Regards, Pat I.
There's 20 1/2 inches between the bottom shelf (bottom meaning where items would lie) and the bottom of the top shelf.
No the wheels are not the lockingtype. But they are standard size so you could swap one or all for locking. I have 3 of these carts in my offices and love them.
Cart is stamped "Made in USA".
My recollection is that the pillars that holds the top just insert into the top. I don't recall bolting anything together so it would be easy to disassemble it.
I roll it across my grass backyard all the time. The only issue is the solid wheels, stuff can bounce out of the tray. I'm not sure how it would be on a gravel driveway. The wheels might sink in depending on the weight it is carrying.
Kimi.....sorry I was not the person putting it together. It was purchased for our office & our Maintenance Super put it together as we have several of them so he never told me he did not have instructions as he may have already known how to put it together............
They came in the box. If i still had a copy, I would send it to you. It is really simple to setup.
32incnes
Well I'm out, I'll send you this information on the day of today.
Shows up in a large box, unassembled, buyer must put it together.
1"
The bottom portion is 1 inch from edge to edge. The top portion is roughly 1.25 inches in diameter. I bought a pack of these for a snake cage and they worked perfectly for what I needed them for. They even come in a nice resealable bag. I would recommend them to anyone.
Hi Geoffrey, Yes we can adjust the shipping cost for you, you will just need to identify the order to us so we will be aware. If you have any further questions you can contact us at 206-947-0301. Thank you, Wendy Poplar Square Sales
yes
Not sure. I purchased for the canon MP25D.
I don't know for sure as I have a different model, but this is a universal ribbon that is used in most Canon models so it probably will fit.
Pat I think I looked up the calculator model on the Canon web site to find out which part would fit. I found the replacement ink cartridge at Staples.
No. The Canon P100-DH uses ink rollers not ribbon.
I bought mine for an Olivetti, as they are all the same width i just rewound it on my spools and it works fine, might be what you have to do.
Yes it does and works perfectly.
It fit my calculator. It is pretty universal.
I am pretty sure Charlie your best bet is to go to the Cannon website like I did to check . Unlike all men these things are not created equal .
Answer here...Honestly I would tell you to go to the Canon Website and chack . I could not find this product at Staples so I had to go on line for the cartridge .
I really don't know & i'm not going to make an inky mess measuring it. However, it is standard desk calculator size and good quality.
If it appears to be a problem with the switch, just get a new one and replace it. It does not cost as much as the hassle you will have messing around with the old one! A simple phillips screwdriver is the only tool needed to do the job.
Be sure the vacuum is unplugged. There should be 2 or 4 screws (i forget) in the back. Once removed the switch cover falls forward revealing the switch. The switch just slides out of its channel. Remove the two wires and reconnect to the new switch. Slide the new switch back in the channel and install switch cover back on. Plug in and give it a try!
The DC17 also has a reset switch . This is not that. Provided you are speaking soley the switch that turns the vac on and off, this one is the same in both Vacs. Part# DY-910971-01
Power on-off switch for DC7
I think I used alcohol or nail polish remover.
Yes you can eat and drink from the china that you repair with this glue. It is non-toxic. I have one cup that I glued together months ago and it has been used frequently and washed as well as microwaved.
hi dawn , sorry i dont know how this product work on plastic to metal - i used it for porcelian to porcelian epoxy should would for plastic on metal but it can be a bit hard to work with good luck Mitch
Yes
I have never used this glue at high temperatures. You may want to call the company.
Yes it does work on ceramics. I had to glue a pot back together recently and it worked a treat.
Yes. It appears so. I used it on a couple of my mugs and have treated them the same as any other. They have been washed up, knocked about and microwaved and are still perfect. To sound like an advert, this stuff is the best.
I was able to look up the specs for them on home depots website. It is listing the post length as 1.5in and diameter lists as .3125in. Hope that helps and hope that your dog recovers quickly. If you need more specs on them you can try http://www.homedepot.com/p/Shepherd-2-1-8-in-Soft-Tread-Rubber-Wheel-Bed-Frame-Casters-with-Sockets-2-Pack-9532/100527151#specifications
In the lowest setting, the height of the riser is ~7.5 inches from floor to tip, but the top 1.5 inches fits into the leg of the bed. Thus, their stated adjustment range of 6-10 inches seems accurate. If you have reflux & need the head of the bed raised more than that, you could always leave the original wheels on at the foot of the bed, & just use these at the head of the bed (& the middle if you have legs there also).
They have a locking lever, but we don't use it because the room is carpeted.
No they slip on but the are unbalanced...don't buy them
Yes, they are a complete set of frame posts, with new nylon inserts.
they provide a sleeve that fits a standard metal Frame once old casters are removed.Their bolt fits the plastic sleeve
No...they would'nt work on a platform bed.
Two casters in each package. If you are doing a king or queen, they may be too long for the middle support bar unless you plan to raise the bed several inches.
I am not certain as I discarded these about two weeks after I put them on the bed. However, they are what I would call the normal diameter to fit into the average bedframe. They look very sturdy, and I was positive that if I left them on the shortest height setting that they would not bend. Other reviewers had complained of bending and collapsing. I thought they just put them on incorrectly. As it turns out, no sooner did we apply any weight to the mattress that they collapsed.
Yes. I bought 3/8 inch plastic casters from our local Ace hardware store. The come 4 to a package and cost about $2.89. They fit snugly and you won't have any problems at all. I told the salesclerk what I needed them for and he knew what I needed right away.
Yes the are
yes there is a tray that slides in and out of groves
If the golf cart has a flat hitch (the type that you would use to connect a ball hitch) it will work. We use it with our four wheeler by removing the ball when we need to use the trailer. It has been a very useful tool for us.
12
What is the total weight of cart?
I would say yes. I was very pleased with how the epoxy hardened. I put a little too much on the side wall during my repair, so the epoxy drooped a little before hardening, but it really fixed the hole. Should do fine arond the drain. Much cheaper than a $200.00 plumber visit! :)
It is semi-opaque, I would say, the thinner the layer, more translucent it is . If you can apply at least 1/16 or more of the solution above the chip, I don't think you will notice it.
Tough thing with epoxy resins is that it flows. The fiberglass cloth, if used properly, can help to control this. Once dry the only way to deal with run off is by sanding. of course this will produce a rough finish. Smooth the finish by using Acetone solvent applied liberally with a q-tip. several attempts may be required. If the fiberglass cloth is exposed then another application of the epoxy resin will be required.
Donna, this kit will be able to take care of both chips....BUT you will need to apply the epoxy in about a minute or less as it will QUICKLY hardened!
Don't use this stuff. I used it and it never really dried. It stayed sticky for for 2 months. Try elmers epoxy.
Im just a buyer like you, but I used mine on an old fiberglass type of tub that had a crack all the way through it, and it worked. this stuff dries hard and is thick, it will not lay flat or blend in , and if you not careful how you paint it on it can be unsmooth to the touch. But it dries good and hard and fast. and with my son standing in the tub and on the patch , and he is a big man, the patch is holding. might not be a pretty patch work but I think it will work in a hot tub.
Hi, Yes You will find a couple of videos to show how it works Oxxxo
Hi, Yes. There are a couple of videos showing how item works Oxxxo
Not sure how many ounces. It covers a strip about 1 1/2" -2" wide and about 6" -7" long. I hope this helps.
6" x 1" very small strip
The recycling code (number in a triangle) on the bottom is a "1" with "PET" directly underneath the triangle. I do not see any ID on the inner tube, but it is thicker and harder. I have a 50-50 Clorox-water mix, watered-down white vinegar and a 50-50 Murphy's Oil-water mix in each of my three. They are operating like new; probably more than a year now.
I unscrewed the nozzle and it seems like there is a plastic piece that fits within the opening. You can see a dark center through the plastic (it's almost clear) as if there is metal in there. I didn't pull it apart in case it would be difficult to insert back in. The trigger has a metal spring for sure.
Sturdy plastic. I love mine
Mine really never worked, wasn't worth returning...so, sorry I don't know.
Here is what I found on the site: "The triangular stamp on the bottom that indicates the type of plastic used to make the bottle shows "1". This number stands for PET plastic, polyethylene terephtalate, which is one of the most widely used types of scrap plastic." I think this means it is prob BPA-free but I am not positive. Hope this helps.
I've had mine since the beginning of December and love them! So far no issues. I use pinsol in one, peroxide and dawn detergent mixture in another, and vinegar in the third one. I hope this helps!
Yes, it can be adjusted to various settings by rotating the spray cap. I have adjusted it to the stream setting many times. I would say that the stream is powerful. I used it to dislodge dried milk in the bottom of a glass. However, it is not particularly long. I would say it is moderate, reaching between 6-8 inches.
If you unscrew/remove the nozzle, the bottle is 5-inches tall.
We did not have this issue or have to puncture anything - we simply removed the sprayer portion, filled with water, replaced the sprayer part and used. You may have received a defective bottle?
Yes it has a mist setting.
No, a 3 prong electrical plug will not fit through it.
Hi Bradley, Here is the item number to a pack of 5pcs of the silver which is the closest to a chrome color we have. B00EVX9UFI You can copy & paste this into the search bar to find it. Thank you Wendy Poplar Square
It is thicker but it can be cut on bottom side
Top part.
I think an RJ45 terminal will pass through the inside of this Grommet, the inside diameter is 3/4". You might sketch it out on a piece of paper, cut it out and test it. Sorry I do not have an RJ45 terminal to actually try it. Best Regards!
Hi, this 1" grommet will fit a HDMI cable. We also carry larger grommets in 1 1/2", 1 3/4", 2", 2 3/8", 2 1/2" and 3".
I have to disagree with the other answer. It is not possible to get a standard-size HDMI connector through the grommet. The barrel of the grommet is not big enough AND there is a 2-3 mm lip inside that would prevent the connector from passing through.
Yes! My dogs weigh 75 and 125 pounds and fit easily in this tank with room for them to turn around so we can wash them completely. The tank is structurally very strong and there is no bending or twisting of the material. It's as strong as a thick steel tank and will last forever even out in the elements.
28 inches wide internally at its widest point. The tank is 18 inches wide inside from indentation to indentation. You can see one indentation in the phone at the bottom. But the rest of the tank internally is 24 inches on the floor, and 28 inches up above. It is internally 49 inches long. Add an inch and a half all around for the lip. I saw the conflicting numbers also, but that is the deal. 24 inches onthe floor where there are no indentations, and 28 inches internally up above at the lip. The tank tapers down.
At widest parts: 52 inches x 28 inches x 12 inches (height)
After seeing you had the same question as me and Amazon didn't reply - here's what I found at Tractor Supply - *Capacity - 50 gal. *Drain - No *Material - Structural Foam *Product Height - 1 ft. *Product Length - 4-3/10 ft. *Product Width - 2-3/5 ft. *Warranty - 1-Year Limited
No top comes with it. Unaware if one is sold separately.
siphon hose it out is all I would know
Hi -- I didn't get the optional drain, I would just tip it over to drain it. I run a foster based dog rescue & I got this for the dogs to play in. I had kiddie pools & they chewed & destroyed them. They tried to chew this also but were not successful in ruining it -- but I assure you it was not for lack of trying. Last summer I had 10 large Chessie/Lab pups & one young Great Pyrenees & on those very hot summer days this was great for my water hounds.
Yeah it would.
Had mine for over a year and it's been in sun everyday. It's for my 3-100 lb dogs to use as a pool. Looks same today as it did the day I bought mine. It's tough and holds up in the heat.
It measures 30 inches in width (exterior), 28 inches interior. Hope this helps.
yes
My biggest concern for that application would be the shape and width of the quill. The end is rounded and might slip and give you an inaccurate reading. If you can rig it up with a bigger foot, it will definitely work.
It has a ring on the back, it protudes 6/8", 1/4" thick and a quarter inch diameter hole. It is a solid part of the back piece.
No, it does not.
Loosen screw on outer edge of dial, rotate dial to zero, lightly snug screw. When using dial for different surfaces, set dial on "0" for lower surface, raise plunger to higher surface, read difference between the two. Hope this helps.
No
Only 1 (One) screw needed to secure the back plate to holder.
yes it is spring loaded
It doesn't seem to be interchangeable, but I don't use it that much. I only used it once to set up my 3d printer.
.1765"
This cut-off wheel will fit a 3/8" diameter arbor-such as a cut-off tool or mini die-grinder etc.
these are cutoff wheels not grinders. there like maybe a 32nd of an inch. these are pretty good cut off wheels I use them about every day.
I have used to cut truck liners so I know it works on plastic. I'm not sure if I have tried wood or not but I can't imagine why not.
Yes it would fit be I use a 1hp snap on cut off wheel and this product cuts really good
They are made in China. Most Tekton products come from there. I've had no problems with the durability.
I attached the website I get my sprouting information from. Their chart says alfalfa sprouts have a shelf life of 4 years. But, freezing the seeds will increase shelf life by 4-5 times. I keep my seeds in the freezer and only use 2 tablespoons at a time. My seeds have always sprouted! Good luck, hope the website it helpful. http://www.sproutpeople.com/grow/storage.html
Yes, these are "Handy Pantry" and they are certified organic. The label does not use the words "non-GMO."
Don't know. Why not contact the distributor for this info?
I know that some people will do this and can find the ratio of bleach to water on line, but I have never done this. I've been growing alfalfa sprouts for years and have never had a problem. I do know that if left in the solution too long will kill the sprout.
Yes, the drain plug is 1.5" male thread (NPT) so you would need a reducer bushing. Get a 1.5"male thread to hose thread reducer bushing. That may be difficult to find so you could also use a 1.5" MIP to 5/8" FIP or 3/4" FIP (FIP = female thread) adapter and then get a pipe thread to hose thread adapter. Just make sure the pipe to hose adapter is the same diameter as the hose you intend to use. An example: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B008FM9XMQ/ref=biss_dp_t_asn Here is a hose adapter: http://www.amazon.com/Dixon-504-1212-Fitting-Adapter-Female/dp/B007D5KFOG/ref=pd_sim_indust_5?ie=UTF8&refRID=1Y0QAADXZ3Y0FK1JGS43
The plug O.D is 1.5". It has a 7/8" square head for a wrench to tighten it and comes with a Teflon tape wrap on the threads.
I'm using mine as a bio filter for my koi pond and thought it would be handy to have the drain so I could empty it at the end of fall when I shut the pond down. If it hadn't leaked at the bulkhead the drain would have been a plus for that reason.
No clue about the reason for levels. We use ours for a koi tank in the winter. Trap door snails keep the algae cleaned up.
I'm not aware of a lid that's sold for this tank. I use a sheet of plywood if I need to cover the tank.
The bottom is likely to fit but as you can see, the top is larger... 32 x 40
It wouldn't seem to be very comfortable. I don't see why it wouldn't do well with hot water, but i'm not sure the design of this tub would be appropriate for a hot tub. My 75 gal. tub might be 3 1/2 feet across at the longest point, you would have to have your knees up and only one person, but maybe you are short? A tub should be at least 4 1/2 ft. min.. What do you think?
No, it's not that kind of foam. I've had to break ice a couple times this winter & I live in Las Vegas.
It IS rather large... but I'm not sure it would fit football players in it for an ice bath.. I suppose if they really squeezed themselves in. It goes from larger at the top to smaller on the bottom too... It would barely fit me in it, and I'm 5'1
Yes.
NO Try a store that sell Stihl and ask if they have OLDER knobs
That one I'm not sure on . It should the lip might hang up on you bur you can shave it down or sand it works to. and it you should be good to go.hope this works for ya.
yes
I had to order twice to get the right one. One has a nut inside the knob, one does not. Match to your unit.
Yes! This product is awesome. I used it to seal acrylic hatches on a sailboat. The trick I used was to tape with painters tape wherever you don't want the sealant to stick. Uses a generous amount so that it will push out around the seams and then let it sit. It takes a long time to totally cure, up to a week. Then take a razor blade and cut of the excess.
No, Check Sikla Products on line with Amazon or Home Depot.
This is the typical tube that fits in a standard caulking gun. They are usually 10-11 oz.
No
no, 795 is silicone based and will not accept any type of paint.
Yes, there are two hooks in each package.
I suspect that parts of the bike (pedals, handlebars, tire) would scratch wall, as these hooks would not standoff from the wall surface enough to keep the bike clear. The 100 pound per hook rating is probably a bit conservative, these are stroog hooks when mounted into structure!
Yep, provided you screw it into a wooden stud. Not sure about concrete, and it will definitely pull right out of dry wall, so get a stud-finder and go to town.
If you use expandable anchors, they will work fine. These have a coarse thread - probably the hardest thing will be to drill the holes.
Yes it will fit your bike. It's way too big for my mountain bike so it's being used to hang my garden hoses
About 4" ... I put mine through the drywall of my garage's ceiling and it holds a 75 lbs bike with no problems
I'm not sure...I know it said on the package...but I don't have that anymore. What we did was, per the package instructions, we used a bar of soap and covered it in dry soap, then I picked the spot where my wife wanted it and, using my hands, screwed it right into the wood. We drilled a little hole and the hook just bore itself into the wood.
The odor is only evident when applying. I have no problems with any lingering effects after it dries.
Emily... Love this stuff on my floors and it's great! 1) vacum/sweep 2)they have a cleaner that i use to remove the dirt 1st 3) using a swiffer like mop with the spritzer. Spay and apply this evenly- use a very soft mop head. It has streaked a little for me in the past when the mophead was old/ brittle
I waxed the floor before going to bed so that it would get a good dry time. Not sure if it matters that much but I have animals and wanted the best possible outcome.
I have two large dogs and they don't seem to cause any more damage to my hard wood floors than my two small kids...or me and my husband for that matter. What I love about this product is that it really does cover scratches and scuffs...not permanently...but for many months. And one bottle covers about 900 square feet. I use it every four or five months without worry that I'm harming my floors by using one of those grocery store brands that are mostly made up of acrylic (that after several applications becomes a problem in itself). I'm pretty much convinced that MinWax products are like vitamins for my wood floors. If I use them regularly, my floors stay healthy and hearty.
Hi this is for the high gloss B00176T5D4
No
The label reads: "Reviver is designed to work on genuine hardwood floors. Do not use on laminates." Hope this helps you!
I have used this one and it covered a little over 1,000 sq. ft.
I don't know for certain, but I would think if you roughed up the present surface with sandpaper, it would help the adhesion. And out on 2 thin coats (or more). It's an easy product to work with.
You may place an order and it will be shipped to you.
I bought a Polycarbonate tube 1-5/8" ID with 1-3/4" OD. It was a clear, straight, rigid tube. The degree of straightness was not checked, but did not appear to have any curvature............it rolled on a table.
It has NO flex to it. In fact I think it might even shatter if you bend it or step on it. I purchased a couple of different sizes of wall thickness on these. This is more of a tubing than something that you would consider "schedule 40 or 20" etc. like pipe.
5/8" ID, 3/4" OD,
Try McMaster Carr
sorry , but we have only clear Thanks
probably can't heat this without damaging it and then it becomes useless.
I don't know of any reason why you could not order in multiples.
Hello, Polycarbonate rod is not available in 19/32" rod. However, we can turn down a .625" rod for you. This means that the rod would actually be frosted rather than clear, because there is no way for us to clean the material up after it is turned. The tightest tolerance we can hold is +/- .015". If you are interested, the price for one rod would run $105 plus shipping. Please let us know if you would like to proceed and we can create a custom listing for you. Thank you, Krista Plastic-Craft Products
As long as you can seal the ends, you can evacuate it and it will not collapse at all. I bought this to replace the glass tube that I used for a physics demo where a penny and feather fall through the evacuated space. I've gotten it down to about 1kPa and had no trouble.
No, it is a hard brittle plastic, I used a hacksaw to cut it to length.
I bought a Polycarbonate tube 1-5/8" ID with 1-3/4" OD. It was a clear, straight, rigid tube. The degree of straightness was not checked, but did not appear to have any curvature............it rolled on a table.
It has NO flex to it. In fact I think it might even shatter if you bend it or step on it. I purchased a couple of different sizes of wall thickness on these. This is more of a tubing than something that you would consider "schedule 40 or 20" etc. like pipe.
5/8" ID, 3/4" OD,
Try McMaster Carr
sorry , but we have only clear Thanks
probably can't heat this without damaging it and then it becomes useless.
I don't know of any reason why you could not order in multiples.
Hello, Polycarbonate rod is not available in 19/32" rod. However, we can turn down a .625" rod for you. This means that the rod would actually be frosted rather than clear, because there is no way for us to clean the material up after it is turned. The tightest tolerance we can hold is +/- .015". If you are interested, the price for one rod would run $105 plus shipping. Please let us know if you would like to proceed and we can create a custom listing for you. Thank you, Krista Plastic-Craft Products
As long as you can seal the ends, you can evacuate it and it will not collapse at all. I bought this to replace the glass tube that I used for a physics demo where a penny and feather fall through the evacuated space. I've gotten it down to about 1kPa and had no trouble.
No, it is a hard brittle plastic, I used a hacksaw to cut it to length.
I have an izip tricruiser electric tricycle-I installed the reflector on the rear of the cargo basket-it cost me about 4.00 for the mounting bracket and the nuts and bolts but it is worth it-many people told me that before I installed the reflector they could not really see me when it was dusk or early dawn or on a foggy day but now they can see me from a good distance. They should include this reflector with the trike from the factory!!
I don't recall there ever being a protective sticker on this item. I simply took this out of the box and hung it where I needed it!
I didn't have any issues with that, it is still looking and working good.
It comes with both plastic anchors with mounting screws and very strong foam-back adhesive. The adhesive is easy and quick to use for mounting; but if you try to move or reposition the dispenser later, the adhesive will remove paint and/or sheet rock.
The blue cap doesn't come off. Leave it in place and insert into the dispenser.
No
1. push "up" on the button as hard as you can. I generally use a tool to push it as far as I can. 2. While pushing up, squeeze the sides of the dispenser at the top and pull toward you. Hope that helps.
It not tall and wide it does not take up much space. I have it outside my bathroom door and it hold the pouch good I bought it more than six months very good for home office school and daycare
No, this model is just the liquid.
Nope
You have to purchase the refill pouches.
There is a button on the bottom that you push up and that will release the top.
Are you asking about the purell sanitizer in the plastic bag? If so the company that makes it is Gojo Industies Inc, in Alcon OH
I found it in Wal-Mart.
I put a little in (about 1/2 a teaspoon) along with my laundry detergent. It helps get rid of odors and bacteria.
What is Hexol? It does have a strong disinfectant odor. I flush after I clean with it and turn my exhaust fan on.
Yes it is, all they did was change the label. This happens to lots of products. Lysol still works just as great as ever. Hope this helps.
Because you will only need to use a small amount of Lysol Concentrate, it will last a long time. As long as bottle is closed after each use, it will last a very long time. I've had a bottle for a little over a year.
No where on the label does it suggest using in laundry. It is highly concentrated and there are warning about getting it on your skin. It is great for sanitizing floors, bathrooms, counter tops. I don't think I would use it in laundry. Wait, I just called the company and they said "after filling the washer with water add one cup of this product". Seems excessive to me and should be used in a top loading washer. I hope this helps. They said this was on the label but it is printed too small for me to see it clearly.
The label says, "To Reduce Malodors in Washing Machine: After filling the washer with water, add 8oz. (1 cup) full strength of this product to each washload." So it is suitable for laundry, but I think that amount is probable excessive.
O-Benzyl-p-chlorophenol 2.5 - 10 1310-58-3 Potassium hydroxide 10 - 20 8001-31-8 Coconut oil 1 - 2.5 64-17-5 Ethanol 1 - 2.5 67-63-0 Isopropanol 1 - 2.5 1300-71-6 Xylenol
They have it in Wal-Mart.
If you use too much there will be a lingering smell. Just use one cap full per load (I place it in the first soak/rinse cycle), that way the concentrate has enough time to wash out since it's only placed there for disinfectant purposes. I hope this helps.
about 20-25 lbs, of dead weight. Hence, the shipping cost is high!
Yes, this will easily work with 3/8 cable. Groove diameter is over 1/2 " so it will work with even larger cables.
Take a look at this one: http://www.amazon.com/Fusion-2-Rescue-Pulley-Blue/dp/B008KECIRG Breaking strength is 34 kilonewton, or roughly 7500 pounds, and it is designed to accept up to a 5/8" rope. NOTE: It is aluminum, so it cannot be used with a steel winch cable.
You know, you could just put them in your cart and checkout, without buying, to see what the shipping is calculated at.
According to description on Jet's website (http://www.jettools.com), this trolley works on beams with a flange width of 2-1/2 to 8", and height of 3 to 24-1/2". Can be used on wide flange H-beams, standard I-beams and curved tracks with a minimum radius of 35". Trolley has 2200 lb. load capacity.
according to the build sheet they are 2-1/16" at the point of contact to the i-beam
over all it is about 8" from the bottom of the hook to the top of the roller
The rod is 11.75" long, so allowing for the end nuts and roller flanges, it may be big enough to fit on a 10" flange, but you are taking your chances. Manufacturer says it is designed for up to an 8" beam, not 10"
I put it on a 6 inch beam with all the spacers and it works fine. I even included a home made adaptor out of 1/8 inch plate to hang an old winch from for picking up items under 400 lbs. It all fit fine.
According to description on Jet's website (http://www.jettools.com), this trolley works on beams with a flange width of 2-1/2 to 8", and height of 3 to 24-1/2". Can be used on wide flange H-beams, standard I-beams and curved tracks with a minimum radius of 35". Trolley has 2200 lb. load capacity.
The trolley can be adjusted to fit an 8" I beam
No..It will only fit a bathroom or washroom sink..If your kitchen sink is three hole, you can move it over to either side and plug the hole not covered. But it will not reach very far into the sinks this way.
The faucet is 4" on center.
5 inches from the highest part of the spout to the bottom of the base
You can easily remove the hose thread adapter from the faucet and replace it with an aerator. The aerator must have 55/64-Inch Female Threads and a Polished Chrome finish to match the faucet. American Standard M922880-0020A, available from Amazon, should be suitable. I am not aware of an aerator with female hose threads that could directly mount on the existing faucet as-is. Conversion is easy and should require no tools. That said, an allen wrench may be needed to remove the hose adapter from the faucet the first time. It is practical to regularly switch between the aerator and hose adapter, if needed. Be careful to properly align the threads and only hand-tighten either adapter; do not use a wrench that could mar the finish or strip the threads if the alignment is not accurate.
The thread size is 1/2 ". You can use with 1/2" IPS flexible supply lines.
Metal ... brass where hose screws on to faucet connection. This is a fine quality faucet and after four years is not leaking anywhere. Has never required service ... What a relief to finally have an item that, so far, needs no tinkering ... I recommend this faucet model!
Yes....if you are talking about a garden hose sprayer. It is the same thread as a garden hose.
Yes it would be fine. It has a 4" center to center mounting. It has a swing spout with a garden hose fitting. If you want an aerator end make sure you order the correct one.
It can swing to the left or right past the handles, even clear to the wall. It could swing a complete circle if it wasn't for the wall.
I don't know anything about that tub. The stems are 4 " center, if the holes in the tub are in that neighborhood you should be ok.
yes
I mixed it with powdered marble to fill small holes in a marble floor and then I did sand the combination for a smooth finish. I did not use it by itself.
Yes it is paintable.
I would not use it on glass.....Not knowing what you are gluing the glass for it is hard to give you ideas on what to use....Most of the time that I do anything with glass I use clear silicone glue.... You can call me at 254-547-7206....
This product will most likely work for your application on granite, but there may be a mismatch in the color in the event that the product compresses out while repairing it will be visible as a yellowish clear substance. I would recommend JB weld epoxy for your application.
I dont know, We've used it to hold a metal rail to a metal overhead cabinet sliding door, and for plastic repairs, I've personaly used it to fix a corner hole in my tail light cover so I can say that it is water proof once dry. I also tried to use it in a screw whole where the whole was stripped out but that didnt hold do to constant use. sorry I could answer your question.
No clue as this brand didn't work for me either. You have to be sure to use equal amounts and mix thoroughly. However I could never get it to set either. I use Gorilla Epoxy....I've gone through probably a dozen bottles....and never had a problem.
Well... with enough heat, anything will burn... even steel. However, this product is non-flammable.
Absolutely NOT! This is not a good glass adhesive. I am a glass worker. I would use a UV glue. You would put it on the glass edge then press together and put it in the sun for 10 minutes or so. If you had a UV light it just takes a matter of minutes. Don't put the UV glue on outside because it bonds quickly. You could use tape to hold the pieces together until it initially bonds then let sit in the sun a while.
That is a tough question, Karen. I don't know how it would stand up to water, sun and temperature changes. I tried using this product (used 5 packages total) and was never satisfied with it. It forms a clear gummy compound that remains sticky with glass. The more area that is being glued the better. For outdoor use I'd consider using clear silicone. Silicone sticks to glass extremely well, isn't affected by water, sun or temperature changes (up to 600 degrees F) and keeps its form. It also costs less and has other uses around the house. Specifically, you may want to use the type used for aquariums. Something like "ASIN: B0002ASD2K, Item model number: 15905650038" or similar.
The tube I got wouldn't fix anything! It was all dried up inside. That said, I wouldn't put any glue on my smartphone without consulting the mfg of the phone. Hope you find a good solution to your problem.
I just had a very small hair line crack, and I just used a small bit of it on the inside of the clear glass lid to seal it and protect it when putting the lid on. It dried clear. I just applied it with the tip and smeared it with a plastic knife to make it flat. Wiped off extra with a damp cotton swab.
I tried regular super glue on a glass jar and it just fell apart the next day. This stuff has held now for several months (light use though).
Don't know if it's toxic but it didn't work on my glass project.
According to the package it is made in Ireland.
No - I used it on a mirror and I wouldn't recommend it for a cell phone. It is very liquidy (think water) and took a long time to dry on the mirror. It's not a glue that acts as a filler.
No, it didn't work for me.
Didn't work for me.
I called the makers of McKanica 0351 and asked the question. they said it wouldn't hurt the driveway and should be as effective there as it is elsewhere. (ph. nbr. 630-420-7073). Hope this helps. Jo
dont know about paint. i would not buy again to remove silicone caulk that i used to seal shower joints. was disappointed in performance.
No.
It works well on pure silicone. It might work on some silicone blends, but probably not nearly as well. A lot of exterior/interior house caulking are acrylic base and I don't think this would be the product for those types. I think the "big box" lumber stores have a remover for acrylic latex caulk .
Don't see expirations date.Did not know that this product expire
Mine does not have an expiration date. I have never worried about it. They still seem to work.
I did not notice any expiration date. You might try the website vaxa(dot)com.
Well, the main problem with me answering this question is that it can be subjective question. I you are asking if it is FIRM, than yes, I ordered a pack of 6 and they are the FIRM Reach Toothbrushes I have been using and that are hard to find at many places around me. Is it Hard can be subjective and I am not able to answer as it varies for each person. I apologize if this is not what you asked.
old fashioned firm
When you look at these toothbrushes from the side the bristles are straight across, so they're all the same length.
We don't sell electric toothbrushes. You may find it in Amazon from other sellers.
Don't know. The containers the tooth brushes are in do not acknowledge where the toothbrush is made. The container on each brush does have a number you can call where you can call Johnson&Johnson to find out where they are made and than number is 866-REACHTB.
1. Pemicillum (sic) W.M. 2. Rhizopus Sporongia W.M. 3. Chlamvdomonas W.M. 4. Pine Leaf C.S. 5. Leaf of Winter Jasmine C.S. 6. Corn Root Tip L.S. 7. Vicia Faba Young Root C.S. 8. Corn Stem C.S. 9. Corn Stem L.S. 10. Curcubits Stem C.S. 11. Curcubits Stem L.S. 12. Basswood Stem C.S. 13. Basswood Stem L.S. 14. Pollen W.M. 15. Daphni Sp W.M. 16. Hydra W.M. 17. Paramecium W.M. 18. Rotifer W.M. 19. Honey Bee Mouth Parts W.M. 20. Cardiac Muscle Sec 21. Skeletal Muscle L.S, C.S. 22. Dog Small Intestine C.S. 23. Spinal Card (sic) C.S. 24. Motor Neurous (sic) Cell W.M. 25. Blood Smear Human
Cs is an abbreviation for cross section; WM is for whole mount.
Compound.
here's the answer from celestron: http://www.celestron.com/support/knowledgebase?article=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.celestron.com%2Fc3%2Fsupport3%2Findex.php%3Fgroup%3Diframe%26_m%3Dknowledgebase%26_a%3Dviewarticle%26nav%3D0%26kbarticleid%3D2440&title=What+slides+are+included+in+the+Prepared+Slide+Sets+(%2344410%2C+%2344411%2C+and+%2344412)%3F
Mine were roughly: 6x6 Inches or 15.24x15.24 Centimeters or 0.00000000000000000493894764 x 0.00000000000000000493894764 Parsecs. Keep in mind my calculations for parsecs are based on apparent stellar motion as observed from Earth. If you prefer Coruscant parsecs, you'll have to adjust your astronomical units.
yes
No. These boards came in a small box with some protection but it was not "stuffed."
Light brown or tannish in color.
Shipping is free
Yes it easy to raise and lower. There is just one leaver on one side that you pinch and it responds quickly and easily. I like it very much. I had another one that was just Cheaply made and I got rid of it. this one is real sturdy and very handy.
Yes. I have a 22" monitor on my table
It's pretty sturdy BUT, I was not able to put it together successfully so that it will go up and down - so it is stuck at one position only and because of that, does not lift to go over the bed. The instructions were horrible and I have put together many complicated items in my life - this was the only item that I was not able to put together correctly. There was also no number to call on the instructions for help.
This table at the lowest position is 27" and at the highest adjustment it goes to 39" , I hope this helps, I love this sturdy table.
The table sits at 27 inches at it's lowest and 39 inches at it's tallest, I hope this helps.
The distance is about 12 between the wheels side to side and the length is about 24 inches
The table does adjust, on carpet it depends on the density of the carpet. It's what they use in the hopitals. It's best on linoleum or tile floors.
15" x 30 "
I purchased this table for my mom who was bedriden n it was perfect! The lever is located right underneath the table and it doesnt stick out much at all. It is very convient and i was happy with this table as a matter of fact, it was easier to use then the one in the hospital!
This tape would be perfect for that use. I put it on the rungs of my daughter's loft bed ladder and it helped a lot. Could see the tape well once the lights were out.
Its kind a like duck tape
Yes
I'd say no. I used mine for indoor use though. I set it outside most of the day (to acrivate it), then brought it indoors. Not only did it NOT glow, (very, very faint) but it isn't very sticky. This is one of those Amazon purchases I didn't bother trying to return. But I can tell you that roll is still sitting in my junk drawer. Amazon is usually very good at vetting out their second-party vendors, but this produce is a complete bust. You might have a different experience, but if you do try it, I'd recommend you tape the vests early in the morning and leave them out in the sun all day, to activate the tape. Of course, if it's a rainy day, you're out of luck. :(
Yes, it glows all night. Mine has glowed for several months but it gets some natural light through the window during the day.
That would probably depend on how smooth the surface is and whether it would get stepped on, etc. I've successfully stuck it on flashlights and even the side of a refrigerator that I would bump into in the middle of the night (it was a small house!), but I wouldn't consider this tape to be super-stickey.
I put mine in strips on the stairs so the kids wouldn't trip when coming down at night. The stairwell is pretty dim during the day, but the strips still seem to glow bright enough through the night. If it's still dark-ish when I go up to wake them for school, I can still see the faint green glow. I'm happy with them.
Yes and Yes.
Not true gaffer tape, but it might work. It IS super sticky and glows very brightly after a short time "charging".
Im not sure how heat resistant this is but I can assure you its not fire proof.
shouldn't leave residue unless its on left on for a while, meaning a few days or more. as for lifting it, depends on how well the carpet is put down, how long the tape is on, if its walked on, ect. this is pretty much true for any tape
it has a matt finish. It is not reflective.
No, it's one role.
Yes can see online at http://www.amazon.com/JVCC-Gaff-Color-Pack-Gaffers-Tape-Multi-Pack/dp/B00FRKWHFY/.
Feels like it. And tears easily.
No way to tell. The inside of the roll is completely blank and I don't have the original packaging anymore. On a side note...this is the first time I have not purchased Pro Gaff gaffers tape and that will never happen again. This stuff is not anywhere near the same quality.
more like sandpaper.
I am not sure, but plan to try some myself on outside concrete steps when the weather is warmer. They appear to have a good adhesive, so I don't think any very smooth surface should be a problem. They worked fine on interior painted steps.
I think as long as the glue holds, these will work under water. I suggest using some spray adhesive and making sure it's totally dry before putting in the lake. Also, wait until spring :)
The premium pack is listed at http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000TPEI0Y/. Thank you.
i got the colors shown.
9 Rolls. And they are quite small.
I just went and felt the tape I put on my basement stairs (a couple years ago now). It's like there are little granules/grit sprinkled throughout, but they're beneath a sort of coating of soft polymer. (I've noted before how it doesn't even feel uncomfortable to bare feet as you go quickly down the stairs, and I guess that's why.) I have wood floors myself, and I'd be comfortable trying what you said, though I'd make a note to check after 6 months or so to see if that coating wears off and exposes the granules/grit, which then might be abrasive to the floors. You're putting a lot of concentrated weight on the bottom rails of a rocking chair, so it might wear off faster than just people walking down stairs.
It's only sticky on one side so I'm not sure it would work well for that particular use.
I haven't used the tape for that purpose, but here's my educated guess. The first consideration is adherence. The glue on the tape is very strong and it seems to hold well over time on smooth surfaces. I think you would be able to get the tape to stick to a smooth and curved surface like a shower hand grip if it's smooth. If the surface of the grip is bumpy at all, it probably won't work. The second consideration is moisture. I don't have any first-hand knowledge of this because my tape is not exposed to water. There is another review where the person stated they used it on the stairs of their outdoor wooden playset. It sounds like the tape had some peeling at the corners after a summer of use. From that, my guess would be that the tape might work for your purpose but you might need to replace it occasionally if it is in contact with water/steam.
Its quite soft, its a texturized rubber rather than "sand paper" type
I have these on my oak stairs but have no reason to try to remove. This works good even in socks and still see thru to the wood.
If you applied it to the length of the bench, maybe in two or three long strips, and the cushion were of some rough fabric, it would likely slow it down from slipping off. But don't think of it as gripping like velcro or anything. Much more subtle than that.
Yes
I'm pretty sure you could. It might just take some clever cutting to match the shape of the phone. The adhesive is very strong so it might damage your phone once you decide to remove it.
I have it on top of wood and works great.. I do not think i would try in carpet though
Yes, it sticks very well. I used it on a wooden stepstool for my son and have had no problems. It will show though, if that is of any concern. It was not a concern for me. The stepstool is much safer now and it's been over a year.
The glass shelf is 3 3/4" by 19 5/8". With the brackets adding a little distance from the wall, the shelf edge's distance from the wall is 4 3/8". I have had it for probably over a year now, and I really like it. It has remained sturdy, and I have gotten several compliments. I'm glad to answer further questions if you have them! Good luck, and Happy Thanksgiving!
Yes all hardware included.
The shelf itself is clear but it does have the greenish tint on the edges/sides. Looks really nice.
Glueing is not an option with this item unless you use some addition bracket you can glue onto tile with at base to screw on the shelf brackets to.
Not what they are intended for and the shelf is glass so if it breaks not the best situation in a shower with bare feet....... This particular shelf is only 19" long and fairly narrow... Couldn't put that much on it .... Would not be my first choice for a shower.
The glass is 1/4 inch thick so it will take weight but I would be careful if you plan on putting anything heavy on the ends . good luck!
There apparently isn't one in the Preston Inspirations series. I am really impressed on how nice it looks. Keep looking as there may be one in the brushed nickel not on amazon. Good luck.
no! The installation require anchors to be driled for the brackets.
You will need anchors or "Mollys" for the sheetrock, if you do not hit a stud if you plan on putting any weight on the shelf.
I would say about 1/8th of an in, but it's very sturdy, it was a good buy, simple to install. Aloha
It is a small adult cuff, that was used on an adult woman but its size of 5 foot 2 120 pounds fit her perfectly with more room hope this helps
yes you need to use your own stethoscope.
The metal bar to pull through would have been helpful. Too bad this particular one doesn't have that.
This is a regular size cuff for a regular sized adult. To get an accurate blood pressure on a large adult, you will need to order an extra large cuff. A regular sized cuff will not give accurate readings on a really large arm. Proper fit is important for an accurate reading. Suggest you look on another site if there are none on Amazon. Make sure that it comes with a guage included, unless you already have one, and a stethoscope.
Don't think so but there is a clasp and a band you can hook it on but it's not fully attached.
No
ADC 720 Diagnostix Pocket Aneroid Sphygmomanometer has a 9 to 15 inch cuff.
I bought this front nursing class. I was a lot smaller than the others in the clad. I'm really petite at 5'1" and 96 lbs. This cuff was large enough to fit bigger patients but small enough to fit my bony arm. In fact it was the only cuff to fit me so my classmates had to use my cuff on me.
Hi Khail, the calibration warranty does not cover shipping to ADC.
Yes this item is available in different sizes.
yes you can but you will need pliers to separate the links. each link is removable.
I wouldn't put more than ten pounds on it
It's metal.
I bought six of these chains & used them to hang some pretty, big heavy hanging plants & I had no problem. If I were to guess, I'd say anywhere from 1 to 5 or six pounds should be safe.
I used a Dewalt Angle Gringer I got off Amazon and it worked fine. Hope this helps.
It fits on my Makita 41/2 inch angle grinder.
A hammer drill set on hammer with a flat chisel works better with less dust. Follow that up with a heavy duty hand floor scraper.
It would be my best recommendation, not sure how well it will work on that hard of a surface. If you use this to finish and a stone chisel to make the rough opening than I think you should be in good shape
Yes, just need to remove safety cover.
I will use diamond grinder to remove most of the concrete first, then use above item for clean smooth finish.
I've never really had a problem removing it. You need to hold down the button on the grinder to keep it locked in place then spin the cup. Maybe get a large pair of channel locks to help spin the cup off. Good luck...
Yes if the mortar is soft as it should be. Suggest taking the claw of a hammer and scraping both regular concrete in the mortar. If a lot of mortar scrapes off and you see it probably this will work
it's screw type attachment directly to your grinder.
I'm sorry but we do not engrave at this time. Debra Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
Yes the paperwork to send in was in the box when I received it
I don't see why not... Since it has the tunable diaphragm, the pitches of sounds you hear will change with the amount of pressure applied to the stethoscope head. Based on that, a stethoscope that would have both chest pieces may be better? I think it would just be personal preference. It has 27" tubing, if you are in large animal practice. A longer stethoscope may be desired, but that would still be personal preference. I am a registered nurse, but have used it on my dogs, both large & small, & I was satisfied with results. Hope this helps :)
No, I didn't.
Sorry, we don't do engraving or any extra imprinting.
Yes
Yes! I questioned the same thing when I received it then after looking at multiple other stethoscopes of nurses and doctors theirs had one too...so I believe so :)
I think these question it's for the distribuitor/seller
Is a good alternate, portable version. The larger more expensive versions have larger viewing windows and a little more sturdy, longer battery life. I am a pediatrician in solo practice, bought it to bring with me for hospital rounds.
Yes
No. Do not buy this product it broke for both me and several other students.
John..unfortunately I sent this item back. The switch to turn the light bulb on was plastic and very flimsy. From the picture I thought the grips were stainless steel-twist to-turn-on...similar to the portable ones we use in the ER) however, they were plastic grips and didn't have the weight that felt sturdy -if that makes sense. I can't say for sure about the bulb attatchment...
I have never tried it
I also would like to know this...
yes, see the company website link http://www.welchallyn.com/en/products/categories/physical-exam/eye-exam/ophthalmoscopes--traditional-direct.html
Yes
Not sure off hand. It takes 2 AA batteries so I think that puts it at roughly 3V
This cabinet does have one shelf in the middle, allowing for 2 shelf openings.
There is no center divider. I don't know what irv is. This is a good garden storage unit. I bought two.
It is not designed or recommended to be wall mounted.
It goes with Rubbermaid Commercial Products 35 qt. WaveBrake Yellow Side Press Combo Mop Bucket and Wringer System Model # FG 7580-88 YEL
I would look at the bucket and see if it looks like a mold of the dirty water bucket shape. If it looks like that then yes. On the bucket it was made for it slides in perfectly like a kids game of blocks.
I don't know but it states its for the Rubbermaid bucket. I wouldn't change it. Amazon is very good on returns though.
no, it does not have wheels. It fits exactly into the yellow bucket and locks with a little clip so that it won't float up. The purpose of this bucket is to separate the clean from the dirty water.
No will not fit.
It is a complete otoscope. Disposable tips fit.
No need to buy any more specula. Highly recommended.
Yes, it comes ready to use. This is the only brand and model I purchase for our company!
Yes, this can work with Nimh battery but we do not provide the same with Otoscope. If any further query please dont hesitate to ask me. Thanks
The standard size for the wall models.
I bought the otoscope for my girlfriend, who is an RN, so I haven't really looked at it. It seems to have a halogen lamp. Replacement lamps are available from Welch Allyn, from Amazon, and from other vendors.
No
Yes it is
the sink is about 6 in deep. Link for spec sheet, including dimensions follows. Good luck. See: www.americanstandard-us.com/assets/documents/amstd/spec/SpecSheet_105.pdf
20-1/2"w x 18-1/4" d Link: www.americanstandard-us.com/assets/documents/amstd/spec/SpecSheet_105.pdf
Yes, provided it is installed 31"to 34" above finished floor to the top of the front rim. Check the spec sheets on american standard site.
the hanger should be a "S-9 hanger", according to the description, the hanger is included.
Yes it's ADA complaint
This is a wall hung unit and you would need to find L brackets or triangular brackets to mount this. If space permits you can use a cabinet to mount this sink on top of.
Yes, it has a 13/16" step that is labeled on the bit itself and marked on the packaging the bit comes in. The entire bit is stepped in 1/16" steps.
Hi Dan. I used it to drill through steel on an old car but it wasn't as thick as a grill top which I am assuming is in steel. If you can get a starter hole going with a drill bit I think this would do the job to expand to 13/16" but it may not be good for much after that. Tony
The shank is 3/8" diameter
I think you need atleast a 3/8 drill for it to work
I live in Northern IL. Works great!
Yes, that's exactly how we used it.
No, you need a bigger caulk gun. All hardware stores carry them standard.
I have never seen this product painted. It is a self-leveling caulk for wide joints in concrete primarily. Used around pools and in expansion joints. I always allow it to start to set then cover the surface with fine washed sand (no dust). This gives it a better appearance and extends the life years beyond what it would be without some UV protection. It should be used in a fairly thin application either with foam joint material or sand below it. Typically it is only 1/4 to 1/2" thick.
Taupe: a mix of beige and gray. Goes with any decore
15"
14-1/2 x 10
It's quite big. Official figures are 15x10 inches for the bottom surface. A normal plastic bag you obtained from a supermarket cannot cover more than three corners easily
9 x 13 inches
That depends, most grocery bags are small for this.
A 13 gallon bag becomes too big for it, but I use it anyway. Its a decent trash can for office room
I don't know if a lid is made for it it does not come with one. Works perfect for a a Bennington Pontoon boat under the lounge seat compartment.
How bout reading the: Specifications for this item Brand Name Rubbermaid Commercial Part Number FG295600BEIG Number of Items 1 Capacity 7 gallons Color Beige EAN 0086876012538 Height 15 inches Item Weight 1.7 pounds Length 14-3/8 inches UPC 086876012538 Width 10-1/4 inches
The bottom of mine has a very tiny circle that says "Made in USA".
It fit my boyfriends 97 transam
No this part is for a Camaro/Firbird
According to our system this item does not show to fit your vehicle application.
the one I got is stainless with a black tip
They have a variety of colors. We cannot guarantee what color you would receive.
They have a variety of colors. If you buy individually it should say which color you'll get, but if you buy in packages of 3, 6, etc. then they randomly select the colors you'll receive. If you want to see the colors available, go to the manufacturer website: http://www.radiustoothbrush.com/
I do not have a toothbrush case. I ordered 6 or 8 Radius Scuba toothbrushes the last time, from Amazon . I placed them in a zippered plastic bag , and the one I use daily I leave it in a clean glass. Once in a while, I disinfect the used toothbrush in hydrogen peroxide.
Scuba toothbrushes clean all your teeth and molars extremely thoroughly. After brushing , your teeth feel clean and smooth. The original toothbrushes do not reach all the areas in your mouth because they are smaller and thinner.
I purchased several Radius toothbrushes a few years ago. Those had the ridges. I do not know about current stock. Sorry!
Yes to both. I mounted mine on a box trailer(I haul a track car) up through the floor rather than through the metal wall. No rain can get to it but road spray has never been an issue and I have hauled through some hard rains around the SE. Just use the foam piece and maybe solid bead of caulk and you should be good.
All I can tell you is that I have plugged a "marinco # 199119 " cordset into it on my boat with no problems. Hope this helps.
yes I use it with a marinco or hubbell cord it works just fine
These are seriously powerful magnets - strong enough to cause pain if not used carefully. I have not done this and would not try it however I would wager that it would play havoc with at least the removable memory chips and possibly the camera's internal memory as well.
Will the table stand, yes. Will it be safe for pole dancers or fine wine displays at auction, no. These suckers are strong but you could easily seperate them with the leverage of a table leg.
You can see the full data at: http://www.rare-earth-magnets.com/p-25-nsn0604.aspx
My answer is only a guess, but have you contacted the mfg ? The only problem with replacements parts for an item so inexpensive, it might be easier just to buy a new one.
Sue, by maple seeds are you talking about what the kids play with as "helicopters?" If so, then yes, the litter stick would stab and pick those up easily. The business end of the litter stick is very sharp and precise, so I think it would pick up maple seeds with no problem at all. Hope this helps you!
Stick is 3 ft, spike is 5 in.
I had to use pliers, but it did come off eventually. Just keep trying, I guess.
China
40 in. The handle is 35 in and the point is 5 in.
You unscrew the 'grub screw' on the underside of the silver dome, so the bracket comes apart ~ and screw that separate piece into a stud (or if you are using a drywall plug ) ~ then once the bracket is secure to the wall--place the silver dome back over the bracket and tighten the grub screw. Make sure it is straight!
As far as I remember, you can only use screws. I use self anchoring screws that can hold up to 50lbs to not worry about wall anchors, not that they are needed for this. Are you trying to use a strip to take it with you if you move? If so, just buy a new one. Even if you screw up the back, no one will know as it hides imperfections.
Yes it can and I really like it, works very well, no problem with tiolet paper coming off. Good buy
That is where mine is mounted - so yes
The rod will move. It's great for changing the rolls.
I'm not too sure. It's holds pretty large rolls , this handy device definantley makes it more conveniant to wipe sharts
Yes
I have had no rust issues with either application in both homes.
Yes, but they sell the rings that are used for them. But if you don't mind a toilet paper holder holding your towels, go for it!
TP rests on wall.
All I can tell you is that parts started breaking off right away. Plastic pieces for storage of hoses, etc.. When I called the company they were not helpful. Couldn't find anyplace close by to take it. I used it (because it does work well) until some small part came off that made it leak.
Yes, I've been happy with it and does a good job for us (2 adults and 2 dogs) on our carpets.
I just work with it in the sink. Run water thru the narrow slots, fill a little water in it and shake it, turn it, what ever it takes. It's just not real convenient. I have used a wire hanger to get my sidekicks hair out. (long haired Corgi).
Just carpet cleaner, but it does suck up a lot of dirt, hair, etc. Carpets should be vacuumed well before shampooing or you'll just spend time unclogging the cleaner. I like this unit and works well for me.
Same with ours, but the cleaning solution is highly concentrated and soap/water mix in the soap reservoir does go down. It's enough soap to clean our carpets, but not leave a lot of extra soap/residue to attract dirt faster, so I like that. Other carpet cleaners dump soap on the carpet and then attracts dirt and have to clean more often. I clean lightly, then go over several times with soap off to ensure the least amount of soap residue.
299.00
http://www.royalappliance.cc/
It claims to but it was no good for that. Great on carpet though.
No. I'm a consumer, same as you.
Hi Alicia M What is not said in any shampooer books is you need to flush out the tubes with clean water. The tubes get plugged up with soap. That is what a shampooer shop told me is mostly what they work on. I had the soap not come out of mine. Even after use it I whip off the white tip that the sell person told me to do. Times I had suck on the soap part to get it to work. Then I gave up and add soap to the main water. When I had a water pumps go bad is you get water on the floor and you are stuck. Because it will not suck it up. So it might be plugged tubes. I had nothing but trouble with one. I could not get one floor done. I had two years left on it. I got rid of it. It was the worse shampooer I ever had! Most trouble I had with this one is beaters stop working on me. Or the wheel would melt or bend for the beaters would stop. Best wishes on it and I hope it helped you out. Linda C
mine was for 3 years. sorry did not get back to you sooner
What do you mean? You put clean water in the big container and in the small container under the big one you put the cleaner stuff and turn it on hope this helps
My machine does not leak at all - not when stored with water and soap in the upper tanks, and not when running. If yours is leaking, I would say it needs repair.
Idont think that I would buy it for commercial use, altho I have used it many times, and have loaned it out to my son to do their home without any problems. If the carpet is very dirty, you would have to refill the water resivoir, and dump the dirty water to many times to use commercially
It should tell you in the instructions. Here's a link to a PDF. It takes a minute to load as it's 44 pages long. http://www.royalvacuums.com/manuals/RY7910.pdf
Thank you for your e-mail. Here are the shipping rates that would apply. Please let us know if we can assist you further. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms Asia Standard (10 - 16 business days) Bands Shipment Rate $0.00 to $24.00 $38.75 $24.01 to $50.00 $48.75 $50.01 to $75.00 $51.75 $75.01 to $100.00 $61.75 $100.01 to $140.00 $71.75 $140.01 to $275.00 $101.75 $275.01 to $500.00 $129.75 $500.01 to $800.00 $150.75
We do not, however there are a few vendors that would offer that service. I would suggest that you try Googling it.
Hi Heather, I bought the Caribbean blue and not the purple one. My nephew is very pleased with it
Not sure if it would be considered light weight technically. I had one previously but lost it and I got another one off Amazon because it is a great stethoscope and to me it is light weight . Carrying it around on your neck or pocket won't be an issue. Hope this helps!
I got that color and love it. I wanted something that would be different enough so as to not be mixed up with my coworkers stethoscopes but not too "loud" and it was a great color. I don't regret choosing Caribbean Blue
I ordered carribean blue and received navy blue. I dont think any color is really what the seller says it is.
Yes the bell of the stethoscope i have bought has a plastic rubber cover
Yes. My wife uses it for fetal heart sounds at an OBGYN office. She loves it.
It says "Made in the U.S.A." On it.
Yes it does!
Just AC (we are pretty sure).
Na. Dry bulb only.
Yes you should be able to with a wet piece of paper towel
The wires need to be unhooked from the capacitor first, then it will give an accurate reading.
I don't have in front of me know but it surely not 13'', I would say it 8. It's a very nice meter.
stamped on bottom: "MADE IN USA"!!!!
Yes, it fits perfectly
It's depth is 20 inches.
The containers I bought were tapered from the top (10 3/4" x 15 1/2") to the bottom (8" x 11 3/4").
20" tall. 15" by 11" opening at top (measured from outer lip to outer lip).
15 1/4 by 11 at the rim. 19 7/8" tall
No
11.5 X 8 inches would be close
Exactly 20" high. The top of the can measures 15.25" x 11.0" inches. Perfect fit for our sliding drawer under the counter. The standard tall kitchen trash liners fit perfect as well, especially the Kirkland brand liners from Costco.
Mine are definitely gray.
1 Year - from the website: Rubbermaid warrants to the original owner that this product is free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of one year from the date of the original purchase. If this product is defective when used as intended under normal household conditions within the specified period, Rubbermaid will replace the product, send a replacement part or issue a refund (at our option) when the consumer provides a proof of purchase (either a bill of sale, receipted invoice, or other proof that the product is within the warranty period), along with a full description of the defect, to USA Rubbermaid Consumer Service 3200 Gilchrist Road Mogadore, OH 44260 Toll-Free: (888) 895-2110, Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 5:00 pm Eastern.
I actually don't know. It was about the normal size of a kitchen garbage bag. But the container was so cheaply made I got rid of it before too long.
Just a little over 23" from top of lid to bottom
I bought this for my daughter and it broke with in a month. sorry.
My boyfriend is 250 and had no problem with size. Plus there are huge guys in my class and they had no troubles. Hope this helps.
Yes, we do ship to Puerto Rico via USPS Priority Mail. Thanks for asking.
Very dissappointed I recieved both cuffs and both are off calibration and can not be used :(
To be honest I'm not positive. Sorry
No it is only Blood Pressure and we do not ship there.
Absolutely, that's why I got it and it works great. I use it about 50/50 water with a Park chain cleaner and stiff brush.
Remember that Simple Green will act as a degreaser. As such it can remove lubricants from bearing surfaces. Presumably you are going to dilute the SG with water so it may not be as active at removing lubricants like grease should it get on any lubed components such as sprockets and chains. Also be sure to test the diluted solution on the bike's finish.
This stuff might work on your floor but it depends on how much square footage you plan to degrease and how aggressive a degreasing you need to do. Remember most degreasers will also remove floor wax and damage synthetic flooring if too concentrated a solution is used. The degreasing solution will have to be removed once the grease is dissolved. A single application of the degreaser may not be enough to do the job thoroughly.
Yes, this product it's a part washer fluid, but in this case you can dilute the solution...
Here is what Simple Green says on their site: Ideal for industrial/manufacturing, electronics and parts washing industries. 2013 Formula is NSF labeled A1, A2, A4, A8, B1 and C1 for use in food processing and handling facilities - and able to validate below 10 parts per million in rinsability requirements for cleaning in cosmetics, medical and pharmaceutical environments where Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) are followed. No ozone-depleting substance warning labels required.
Yeah I believe It can work for that too
That would ultimately depend on the type of paint on your wall and how much grease you are trying to clean, but the Simple Green Crystal is a degreaser. I always dilute before using and then try using on a small area first.
Yes
I highly doubt it. You might need a sand blaster or other power tool for that...
I would say no because it works with a foaming action, and it,s probably cut with water that will evaporate
Probably. The largest surface are the poles, so as long as you have them opposite, they will repel each other. There's a chance they may stick on the edges as they pass, but since this is not through the poles, it shouldn't be a significant problem.
These magnets are pretty strong. It depends on the car and how you attach the magnet. My son's little matchbox cars are not magnetic but plastic and weigh very little. If I could super glue a magnet onto one of those, I think it may hold the car. However, a metal version of the matchbox cars would be heavier and may require at least two of these little magnets. good luck!
I guess it would depend on the flowers and ribbon for the weight but these little guys are really strong. I am using them to hold on bedskirts. I think your ideas is great why not try one and see how it works. I think you are on to something. Good luck.
Yes these will work however they are super strong and sometimes difficult (but not impossible) to pry off of one another.
It take 5 lying flat to cover a dime, fun trying to make them line up like that lol. Magnet is just slightly thicker than a dime. On the main page of this iten there is picture of one next to a penny
Yes
Mo
yes, all the items we sell on Amazon has next day shipping available.
It might work if you used a lot of them and the tub was steel so they'd attach to the tub wall. These a pretty small light weight magnets. the are strong magnetically though. i think rated at almost 2 pounds of attachment capability.
Smallervthan I thought, strong, but wish they were night so small
Yes
No just one but it's worth it.
The Suba only came in a matte, non-acrylic finish.
No they do NOT.
There are many differences with carbon filters. They all do just about the same thing. Some filters will last longer than others and they cost more. I don't recommend any that are made in China. Be careful what you purchase.
Hi Christine: The Campbell SF10 normally uses a 5 micron sediment only filter although any standard 10" (9 7/8" or 9 3/4") filter can be used. The Pentek CBC-10 is a carbon block filter which does remove sediment also but may be to small of a micron rating. The micron rating for the CBC-10 is 0.5. Thank You, WaterFiltersOnline
Do a google search , I have found out they come in carbon block cyl. and 2 1-2 x 10 long , the centers about 1 in You may note the flow rate of each filter. I use my filters in tandem so its rough and then a fine. Go to Lowes or Home depot and you can compare. Note the WHKF-DWHV is 3/4 npt inlets. You may want to put a T in and run them in tandom main feeds the T and two filers at the same time ---======---- parrell NOT series Higher flow rate
Works great for normal use I use this one for my counter top. I have 2 systems one for humans and one for cars the car one uses a 20 mic rough , .05 mic , not good for humans water flat. Remember that you need some iron so you can only filtre out so much , or your hair fall out.
You need a reverse osmosis (RO) system or a distillery for salt water (seawater). This is for fresh water only, IF it did filter out salt it might only filter out a total of 1/2 cup of salt. You should try it and let us know how it works.
Yes
Somewhat, but not perfect. You need more.
Get rid of bugs , depends on the size of the filter. I use 20 mic .then a 0.05 taste good. Once ate a fly while drinking a glass of water does that count. Note it taste like nothing, with a 0.05 fliter , I also uses them for a final rinse on my cars have 10 of them.
Most systems use a universal size filter... If your filters measure apx 2 3\4x 9 7\8... then use should be alright
You are asking questions to people who have purchased these. Direct your questions to the supplier. Thanks, Larry
I would agree with Kevin about 100lbs.
The easiest way to explain it is that it is a square, 2.5 inches on a side. The longest side, where the two mounting holes are drilled is another 2.5 inches longer, making it a total of 5 inches in length. The wheel assembly sticks down out of the square another 2.5 inches when it is uncompressed. So, total dimensions are 2.5 inches across by 7.5 inches overall height. The two mounting holes are in the top half of the long leg that sticks up from the main frame. Hope that helps.
About 120 pounds
This is a set of 4
Hi when the tank fills up the unit with stop pumping water (Make sure that yellow short tube with hole in it is at the top of your pipe). Just lift the hose and attachment in the air about 6 - 8 inches and hold the start button until it stays on and the pump is then primed. Caution make sure you have a hose attached that runs outside ok? lol
Yes it does!
First question answer is no.Second no you just vacuum the water up with water attachment. This thing works great!!!
Yes it actually pumps the water out
It screws on to the canister..This Shop-Vac is the real deal no question I have used this thing to suck gallons of water out of my basement it is a monster highly recommend!
It would work fine with standard accessories but wont get the caked on dirt only the loose stuff but I'd suggest a soft brush extension as the stiff bristles hard to get thin dirt.
No, the filter is optional. It does come with a foam wet/dry screen that is required and a dry dust filter for household dust. If you have finer dust (such as drywall) you will need a finer particulate filter.
4
I suppose you could but not very handily because you would have to dump the tank very frequently unless your pond is dry.
You do not have to use pump at all. Its more about how you hook up hoses. The motor is the same regardless if you use as vac or pump.
Hello J.T. - Yes, it should work..and..work well. I used it to repair a cracked concrete Septic Tank cover. The repair was easy to do..and..is solid and strong..Jerry
Make sure the crack is the cleanest you can get it and them fill it most of the way with sand first, if a vertical crack stuff with anything you want before you use the PC Concrete.
Yes, it is perfect for what you need, very strong.
I used it to secure a deck post anchor that had come loose and it is hard as a rock after using this product
No it is to set and epoxy rebar into concrete. Hydraulic cement is what you want to place around your plumbing
I would say the crack was 7 feet long. 3 tubes covered both sides. I filled heavily and I would guess a tube would fill about 6 feet with a quarter inch crack. All depends on how much you force. The stuff worked great though. Very satisfied
I have put the broken piece together then put duct tape to keep them in place, removed the tape after few hours it was solid by then
Yes they are leak proof. I bought mine in the Container store and it is labeled leakproof on their shelf. The store sells the 2 oz size for $1.95. I use it to carry my oily lite salad dressing to the restaurant with me and it has never leaked.
Hard Plastic
16 oz Diameter 4.75 inches, Height 3.5 inches; 32 oz Diameter 4.75 inches, Height 6 inches -- Hope that helps.
interior= side to side 1 5/8 height= same these r a nice product
Ht: 1 3/4", Base: 1 3/8" Diam, Lid: 1 3/4" Diam
About 1 1/2 inches (4 cm) high and 1 1/2 inches (4 cm) diameter. Holds 1 oz.
It was when I ordered mine.
I mixed mine to very dark bronze with no noticeable effect, I can't help with white I didn't try it.
It dries hard and is water resistant. It will look relatively clear after drying- if you want to mask the crack, you need to tint the resin to match your marble. If you only want to seal it, I suppose this would do fine, but keep in mind I am just an amateur DIY guy.
Yes it will work, but if you are not experienced with epoxy you may want to use polyester resin colored black. If you have any questions please call us at 800-289-6834, extension 100.
Ours did not turn clear. The color wet (milky, marbly white) was the color when dry. It worked great for what we needed.
This product dries clear. If you are repairing marble and are looking to make the repair seam blend as a seam, add pumice powder and a very small spot of lampblack. This makes for a grey vein, which is fairly inconspicuous. If you add pigment it prevents the epoxy from drying hard. The pumice and epoxy dry hard. Trim the excess after a couple of hours, then let the repair cure for a day
Yes
No... I Tried it and it was messy/ runny.
I bought to glue marble. It worked very well. Very strong. It is very specific on the usage on marble. Not sure how it would work on soapstone.
It is epoxy, and it will work on just about anything as long as the surface is clean and roughend up a bit.
For coloring the resin I have used Custom 4 Coloring Kit for Epoxy Gluing or Repairing of Granite,... Sold by: GRANITE POLISHING PADS You can order this item from amazon. The dye is very efficient and seems to work very well with the resin. Yes this epoxy appears to be some sort of polyester. As soon as u add the hardener the epoxy hardens fast but it gives you enough time work with. My results were very good although didn't polished it yet. Good luck
8-1/2" L x 5-1/2" W x 9-1/2" H, give or take. Good for tiny spaces.
Probably about a gallon, maybe a bit less. It's pretty small.
The inside dimensions of the top opening are 8-3/4"x6". Outside dimensions at the top are 9-7/8"x7". It stands just under 10" from the floor to the top.
No
No. It's for real sterling. I tried it on costume plate jewelry and it dulls it forever.
Use a liquid brass polish. For additional information on Tarn-X, please visit this page: http://www.hermansilver.com/tarn-x.htm. Jeffrey Herman Herman Silver Restoration & Conservation PO Box 786 West Warwick, RI 02893 800/339-0417, 401/461-6840, Fax: 401/461-6841 jeff@hermansilver.com http://www.hermansilver.com
I usually only use this product on silver or silver plate and there is no need for soaking at all.....just a quick dip. I would recommend that you take your ring to a jeweler and let them steam clean and polish your ring. Most of them will do this for you at little or no cost.
I have only used Tarn-X on silver serving pieces and have applied it with a cotton ball. I have never soaked anything.
Not like opals but for diamonds, sapphire, rubies, etc. will be fine. Cleans real nice
It won't do anything. Won't clean it.I recommend soft scrub with bleach
Yes to a great extent. You may have to work with the piece over several applications and wipe offs. I strongly recommend the cleaning cloth from the same company. You may also want to go at the piece with some cleanser first. When the tarnish actually pits the silver, not much can be done.
Liquid .
This is the best available, however I would do some advance preparation. Clean it down with ammonia and a no scratch padding material first. Rinse well with water, dry then treat with the Tarnex. 2 or 3 bottles should take care of it. rinse well again. However, it will oxidize again, unless protected with a clear lacquer coating.
I don't know what Black Hills jewelry is but this product is NOT intended for stones of any kind.
Never tried that. It may not be safe. The horizontal line could slip off the wheel.
Nothing just a anchor point and you are set. Very happy with hoist
yes. You must pull the chain to move item both up and down.
Chain is 8 feet long.
No
The Box it came in says Made in China
It's about an 8 Ft. lift from floor to ceiling.
The hook at the end of the hoist will raise about 8ft. high.
In a word, yes. Since it doesn't dry quickly, several thin coats should be used. It takes about a week for it to reach its max hardness.
The product will not stick to any non-porous surface; however, if allowed to completely dry it will conform exactly to the shape of the item that it covers.
It does seem to take a long time to cure especially if you give it several coats. I used it on my guitar stand several months ago and when I remove my guitar from it, it seems to stick a bit but nothing that comes off and adheres to the guitar neck. On a lighter note, it may be good, as it keeps the instrument from being accidently knocked out of its stand. To answer your question, it seems to dry as a plastic and if you stick your finger nail into it, it is hard and does not "Indent" like rubber.
It should work well for that application but allow several days for the plastic to get very hard. It might look good in one day but it gets harder over 2 or 3 days.
It is flexible. Not sure on a pair of gloves
It may work yes. But as always make sure the pads are free from dirt and sand
I would not no. duct tape with silicone sealant will work good
I've kept the bottle tightly closed for over a year, and, still dipping as new. Hope this helps.
This is a vinyl coating, and according to Wikipedia: Polyvinyl chloride is produced by polymerization of the monomer vinyl .... Its melting temperature is 160 C. However, no where on the container does it state that this is a food grade product. It is designed for tools, etc. I would suggest you go to the manufacturer's website and ask that question: www.repair-it-all.com
Definitely. It's a durable piece of hardware.
This meter DOES NOT MEASURE pH....!!! The meter case is plastic and waterproof but it does not have a separate plastic case or box.. It is a great meter for what it was designed to do..
It comes calibrated but you can purchase calibration packets later.
You will have to collect a water sample the size of the cap (the bottom grey section in the pic) and test that. It's water proof but I would not submerge it and try to use it.
If you look on page 5 of your instruction book it covers various types of settings you may need. Without knowing what you are using it for I can't tell you much more. By the way the information is located on the bottom of the page. For Hydroponics I use PPM NaCl which is the only one not stated in the instructions. It is used for a lot of other measurements as well and is the only one to go above 1000. By the way it will show a X10 when over 999 as there are only 3 digits showing.
EC Range: 0-9990 uS - 9.99 mS TDS Range: 0 - 8560 ppm (mg/L); 0 - 8.56 ppt (442); 0 - 5000 ppm (mg/L); 0 - 5.00 ppt (NaCl and KCl) Temperature Range: 0.1 - 80 degrees C; 32.1 - 176 degrees F Accuracy: +/- 2% Overall, and excellent instrument. Recommended. Hope this helps.
The stethoscope is 27 inches from top to bottom. It is the same length as a standard 27" Littman Cardiology 3.
Adult only, does not come with pediatric bell and diaphragm. If you want infant or pediatric, try MDF cardiology stethoscope.
No
Mine came new in a standard medical box like other stethoscopes I have bought in the past. I use mine in ICU. I hope this helps.
Mine came in what appeared to be an original box. There were, and are, no damages. I've been using mine in clinicals for nursing school for a few months and have had some fellow students as well as some seasoned veteran nurses borrow it and tell me how awesome it is. Even better than their Littmans.
Yes it is latex free. Best way to contact us is via email at support@medschoolsupply.com or via the contact link on Amazon.
No, they are comparing the Bock next to the other brand Littman to show their similarity. I like the bock actually much better that the littman. Hope that helps!
Don't know. But is a fantastic stethoscope. Much better than my old litman.
Pressure range according to specs: 25-125 psi
There is a significant pressure drop due to the filters. But it is not bad. But if you have low pressure over all, the flow rate may be unsatisfactory. Overall, we've been really happy with our system. It literally tastes just like bottled water.
Sylvia - Referring to the model AP-DWS1000 Performance Data Sheet, and the California Department of Public Health's Water Treatment Device Certificate number 08-1933, which list substances, chemicals, and other contaminants addresed by this filter system ... there is no specific mention of flourides. I obtained this system for its ability to reduce Chlorine taste and it works very well for that.
Installation is extremely easy. I have installed two of these systems and I'm so happy I did. The first installation took about 20 minutes. The second took about 15 minutes. The only potential issues are the size of your water line (the enclosed adapter may not fit; any hardware store should have what you need) and if you need to drill a hole in your counter for the dispenser.
The one I got was metal but simpler than the one in the photo. It had a simple black plastic lever that was spring loaded so that water only flowed while pressing down but could be flipped up for sustained hands off continuous flow. It worked well.
It has a standard connection, so I would not expect that to be a problem unless your faucet requires a special connector.
they are rated for 625 gallons. We had ours in for over a year . Good product and easy to install.
The system does not have a drain line. I can't answer to whether or not the system wastes water, as I haven't seen inside the system.
Aqua-Pure #APDW80/90 Replacement Cartridge for Drinking Water System Filters. Look on present cartridge to verify.
not me
My husband uses the shorter tanks but I am not sure of the size and it does not fit. I was going to look into adding something to hold it.
no. It is welded in place for larger bottles
Yes, that is correct. You could actually use it for smaller tanks also, if you rigged up a way to hold it. But it is primarily intended for E tank you describe.
I am sorry I don't have an exact weight, but it is not heavy at all. The tank is what makes it heavy. Sorry if that doesn't help much.
this one works great adjustment on the length of the handle, will stand up by itself secure wing nut on the ring around the canister holder
no they are plastic
Yes
No, we do not ship to the UK. We only ship to the contiguous 48 States.
"E" tank
Not sure of what you mean by a "12 inch tank". I'm not familiar with that designation. But if you mean a tank that is 12" high, I do not think that would work very well at all, and that the tank would not be held at all by either the base or the clamp. This carrier is for what I know as an E tank, which is about 29" tall and 4.5" in diameter. My smaller tanks that are roughly a foot tall wouldn't go on here unless I used my own straps and such. I carry the small tank in a little special backpack sort of over-the-shoulder carrier. I hope this helps.
The black always goes to the wall.
Hi Yes it should Thank you for your communication texasvalue
Honestly, I don't think they would adhere well to carpet because they need a solid surface to grasp and the fibers of carpet would break down the sticky side. You're welcome to try, but I don't think they'll stick.
They will not hold any differently than the standard Command Adhesive. The directions with both suggest wiping the area with isopropyl alcohol before applying to surface. This would be more important with paneling to remove any polish/oil. I've also found following the directions in regards to cure time on the wall before adding weight to be imperative.
I got these to help hold the boon ladybug pod and it only lasted one day! They weren't even near water ever and the pod had hardly anything in it but still wouldn't hold
Towards the bottom of the package to the right, above the 3M logo it says water resistant. You can also tell that they are light blue strips.
Slide hook upward to remove from base. With left hand put slight pressure against base. With right hand place tab between thumb and finger......pull the tab straight down until the base is free from the surface to which it was attached. Here is a link to removal tip: http://www.command.com/wps/portal/3M/en_US/NACommand/Command/Products/Catalog/~/Command-Large-Water-Resistant-Refill-Strips?N=3294529207+3294773673+5924736&rt=rud
I am not sure, without asking the company; however, they are sooo stong, I would expect it!
I have used these on different hooks in addition to the soap dispenser I have mounted in my shower. This soap dispenser has been up for over a year and I have not had any problems. I also used different hooks for my back brush.
Mine only lasted for a year holding up the simple human dispensers. I had to eventually anchor permanently with screws
yes
Yes, but most use it on the alumin ones due to silicon caulk reacting with the Metal. You get a cheaper in cost not quality caulk to use on fiberglass.
Yes, this caulk will work on almost any 2 materials. When "tooling" or smoothing your bead of this sealant use soapy water (squirt of dish soap), oppose to plain water like most others. You will not be disappointed this is the best stuff there is out there.
I probably should have answered "I don't know". I used this product to install crawl space vents in brick veneer openings. I'm not competent to install them with mortar. It worked well as long as you can leave it undisturbed until it somewhat "cures".
Tremco recommends application of this product @40 degrees F or above. For cold weather use, Tremco has a PDF instruction download. I used a hot blow dryer set on low inside the box of caulking tubes.
A buddy of mine used this to successfully fill cracks in outdoor swimming pools, so if installed properly ( clean, dry and allowed to dry) you should be fine.
It locks
I'm not sure how many feet this holds, but I don't believe it would hold 100 feet.
Technically you can move the gears without the handle ( since the handle is assembled after, keep in mind this is a heavy unit and is mostley used for weighted applications so one would not want to move the gear mech by hand when using the unit for it's intended pourpose
No, the ratcheting action is different from that found in hand tools. Full turns are required for the winch to lift anything.
one and half - two inch apart for 600 lbs model other models may be different
7.5"
I have two to hoist 5 gal feeders (corn and oil sunflower) One is hooked to a T-post, works but bad idea. Other is hooked to a 6x6 post. Both have been up for a year + and I still like them.
Like most winches, it is made for torque, so it will not bring up the bucket quick. But, it could easily handle a bunch of weight. I have it on my kids monster catapult I built for them and it is used to lower the arm. It is built well and holds up in the weather, so I think it would work well.
Yes, the handle extends below the base
You need to put a little more pressure on the arm then flip the switch, it is in a notch on the gear.
Yes it does. It comes with a set of leads and a manual.
Checking amperage has safety implications, and I suspect that's why low-cost units are limited to 20A. You can get more information from the following video: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ar7qkMHKw4
No, it does not.
No
not to turn it off, turn the knob to the off psicion
if friend uses a 9v battery of rectangular
As far as I know yes
if measured volt ohm amp very useful and good recommend changing probes that brings as they are loose and sometimes mistake
Yes, it comes with a set of leads with shrouded banana jacks
Manual comes with it,,I got one and apparently they pack the manual with everyone they sell,,
My husband is 6'3" and has used this cart without straining his back. As long as you don't fill it to the top you can tip it enough to be comfortable for both short and tall people.
Yes, and ... it is not shipped in a box. It has the clear wrapping on it, so this is not only assembled, but it is shipped with Mother Earth in mind. No extra large box. This is great.
Overall width is 21-1/4 inches.
As you can see from the pic, side under the handle sloped down, but there is a flat bottom. I hauled bricks in mine down a steep hill to line a garden bed at the bottom of my yard & I am 67 years old! Very sturdy cart! I intend to use mine to wash out all my flower pots. Can't go wrong buying this!
Sure, but I don't think the little wheels would do well in the sand.
No, they are plastic. They do no such tricks.
you can but there are grooves in the sides of the bed to accommodate the wheels and back resting legs so it's not a completely flat surface like a metal wheelbarrow. So yes but not as easily as conventional wheelbarrow.
It doesn't fit in the back of my vw Jetta
gemstones with a large enough flat surface, yes. Rounded stones very difficult
No one item alone will positively identify a colored gemstone since many synthetics have the same optical, chemical, and physical properties of natural stones. Generally, it is a combination of different instruments that help in identification, and then that needs to be coupled with experience in separating some synthetics from natural. A refractometer will give you the refractive index of a gemstone, and in some cases that can serve as a positive ID if no true synthetic has been produced for that particular stone. But even then, the r.i. of some gemstones overlap each other, as well as being the same color, which makes other testing necessary.
I wouldn't know. It worked one day and hasn't worked since. =/
No. But there is one online at gemselec
You can look it up in the Internet. There are a number of sites that provide written instructions (Gemology Online/gemology project). There are also a few Youtube videos that show you how to use the refractometer. There is also a site titled Your Gemologist that shows in detailed description and pictures, how to use a refractometer.. You could also buy a very good Gemology book as it also provides the range of light refraction indexes that you could use to identify the stones you check. Hope that helps you out.
Mine does. Hope this helps. Works great.
Yes, it takes 3 #357 watch batteries. Light is a good and strong monochromatic light and gives a clear reading. I've noticed though that r.i. readings are about 0.1 on the low side on most stones so I have to make that adjustment when identifying a stone.
I have been satisfied with my refractometer so far. I previously had one that came in a gem lab I purchased 25 years ago and it wasnt nearly as easy to read as this one. No complaints to this point.
I think the prism is glass. I have not heard of a CZ prism.
I purchase this refractometer and it works well. it has internal monochromatic lighting
Yes. I used in metal, plastic and even rubber rings
I have no experience with these, but since this - like all silicone greases - works on metal, rubber, plastic and nearly everything else, it should work fine on ceramic.
It works for me on my M1A rifle. It gets used in some pretty high temperature areas. On the container, it says that it will work in a range of -45 degrees F to 450 degrees F (-43 C to 232 C). If that range is unsatisfactory, I believe Super Lube makes a High Temp, High Pressure grease that may be suitable for you (-30 F to 475 F). It may be more expensive though. Good luck!
Absolutely! I learned of it from other gun users and gun bulletin boards. I use it on shot gun receivers, gas pistons, trigger groups, slides, etc. Any surface where friction, sliding, scoring or galling can occur. A very little amount is all that is needed for protection. Avoid the addage, "if a little is good, a lot is better".
Here's a follow-up to my previous answer. I located my tube and checked the label. It states that the grease is authorized by the USDA & rated H1. This means it can be used in food-processing environments where there is the possibility of incidental food contact. THe warning on the label states that it may cause eye and skin irritation.
Yes, and it works very well.
not sure what tub seal grease is. this stuff stays where I put it. I use it on everything that needs grease. no problems yet. Difficult to wash off hands, even using Dawn - does that qualify as waterproof ?
Yes it will I use it for my ratchets which has a metal gear drive. You will love this stuff
I'm sure it would be.should last longer than spray and won't smell.
Super Lube is a registered trademark of Snyco Chemical Corporation. Super Lube Bohemia, NY 11716.
Hello, I was checking to see what the ratio of polyester/polymide was for these cloths and saw your question. I am a 'green' housecleaner and use these to remove soap scum off of shower doors and tiles! The secret is to not make the microfiber cloth too damp. Just a light spray of vinegar and water and the soap scum will rub away beautifully. However, for your bathtub, the cloth would get too damp and not be effective. I use Bon Ami scrubbing powder and a sponge (scrubber side) for the bathtub and it works really well, as does baking soda in a pinch.
I have washed mine at least ten times and they haven't frayed yet.
You betcha! I use them with Windex, sometimes just plain water, and my windows are streak free. I also use them to clean my eye-glasses; again, streak free.
China. (Isn't everything?)
I use them for both the interior and the exterior of the car. Then I put them through the sanitize cycle of my washer. I do use a separate one for the outside of the car and pick a new totally clean one for the interior. They work really good on windows. I do keep the ones I use for the car separate from the ones I use in the kitchen, but they are the same cleaning cloth, I usually pick a color for one or the other use :). I hope this helps.
The Swipes list on the label" Use only non-chlorine bleach when needed". I have never needed to disinfect these cleaning cloths. I use them to dust and to clean all surfaces - moistened with water or cleaning solutions, or dry, and they are great. But I have never used a heavy duty disinfectant. With such a great price and the fact that you get 36 in the pack, you could try hot water to wash one, but the label specifies warm water.
The first one, just measured mine
I have used the Costco yellow microfiber cloths, the tag on them states Eurow brand. Eurow site states 120,000 fibers per inch, Zwipes 90,000 make your choice. I have been very happy with the Costco, they wash well as long as you wash seperately, not with towels, or other lint giving material. Stand up well for car washing and a host of household cleaning. Good purchase.
I've used only this Zwipes microfiber or the Meguiar's X2020 microfiber cloths on just about all my electronics. Keeps everything pretty clean. I also use these on the touch screen in our nav-equipped cars (Lexus screens so far, so it works awesome on screens with anti-glare finishes) and also some very expensive laptops. I also keep a few on hand at work to wipe down my computer monitors. These are are also the only cloths we use on our iPad and Kindle. Just note that microfiber typically works better after you wash them once. Just make sure NOT to put them in the dryer because fabric softener (or any residue from fabric softener from previous drying cycles) will be absorbed by the towels - making them not wipe as clean and streak-free.
According to the tag, they are; 80% polyester 20% nylon They are very absorbent - we use them in our Cleaning Business and are pleased with the performance and absorbability of them. Hope this helps!!
The box says extracts of: Babhul, Jambhul, Lavang, Manjishtha, Dalchini, Bor, Vajradanti, Acrod, Khair, Patang, Bakul, Jeshthamadh, Davab-Chini, Anant Mul, Maifal, Trifala, Ajwan and Excipients. Probably not much help...but I have noticed a significant improvement in my daughter's teeth.
I have never had a problem of the toothpaste being expired.
this is really great toothpaste, first taste a bit strange (not sweet like US toothpaste), but second time you'll be "hooked" - leaves teeth and mouth feeling clean and fresh, herbally so, not sweet and sugary with minty overtones like US toothpaste. Not sure what count means in the pricing.
Ingredients are in order: Water, xylitol (25%), hydrated silica, sodium bicarbonate, glycerin, sorbitol, natural mint flavor, peppermint oil, sodium coco-sulfate, carrageenan, papain, tea tree leaf oil, sodium cardonate, potassium sorbate. Hope that helps you.
I tasted the toothpaste and compared the peppermint to Young Living Peppermint Oil and Doterra Peppermint Oil. Doterra's is sweeter smelling and tasting than Young Living. Young Living tastes like mild peppermint and smells pure. The toothpaste smells like and tastes like Young Living. It is a very mild peppermint, not over powering. It is strong enough to over power the tea tree oil in the toothpaste. My 16 year old daughter HATES Pepto and she uses this toothpaste without any reference to Pepto. I haven't ever had Pepto so I can't tell you first hand. My husband described Pepto as cheap candy smelling medicine. He says the toothpaste does not taste like Pepto. I hope this answer helps you:)
Yes, there is carrageenan (Chondrus crispus) in Xyli White toothpaste gel, and it's listed on the tube as the ninth ingredient. Ingredients: water, xylitol (25%), hydrated silica, glycerin, sorbitol, sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate, sodium coco-sulfate, carrageenan (Chondrus crispus), tea tree (Melaleuca alternifolia) leaf oil, peppermint (Mentha piperita) oil, spearmint (Mentha viridis) oil, papain, potassium sorbate See link: http://www.nowfoods.com/Xyliwhite-Refreshmint-Toothpaste-Gel-6-4-oz.htm
I don't have a new one to check for sure, but I don't remember a foil seal on any of ours.
I have not noticed any teeth whitening. The xylitol toothpaste was recommended by my dentist and I am very pleased with it. Both my grandson and I use it. Very good product and a best buy here.
I'm not sure as the RDA isn't listed. However, if you look at the ingredients list I would say it's going to be low. But if you are concerned with RDA you could always contact Now Foods and confirm the levels. Here's the link http://www.nowfoods.com/AboutUs/Contact-Us/
I definitely noticed a vast improvement - in a different way. 1 - Regular store-bought toothpaste caused my tinnitus (ringing in the ears) to increase. When I use Xyliwhite my tinnitus decreases. 2 - Xyliwhite has a pleasant taste with NO aftertaste. * I tried a different brand from the healthfood store, but did not care for the taste. Xyliwhite is definitely my favorite. The mint is great. Then I decided to try the cinnamon, but was worried it might have too strong of a flavor. Glad I tried it because I absolutely love the cinnamon. It has just the right amount of flavor. After using Xyliwhite I have stopped looking for any other brand. Hope this helps.
It isn't noticeable to me. There are other no fluoride, xylitol toothpastes with better flavor, like the Spry toothpastes, but this one is at a much better price. If flavor is king, go with Spry.
Item in question was recommended by a student dentist at Loma Linda school of dentistry. My wife and I have used product and we are very satisfied with it
The product is made by NOW FOODS, manufactured in Bloomingdale IL, 60108 USAMidwest Operations 395 S. Glen Ellyn Road Bloomingdale, IL 60108 Telephone: 888-669-3663 Corporate Offices 244 Knollwood Drive, Suite 300 Bloomingdale, IL 60108 Telephone: 888-669-3663 Western Operations 575 Vista Blvd Sparks, NV 89434 Telephone: 888-669-3663 I Don't know. Give the a call
It's aluminum I believe. Metal anyway not steel.
Foot control air control
It is possible if you fabricate a mounting bracket.But I like leaving it free so I can use either foot depending on the position I need to be in.
Hello, CPO is an authorized dealer of OTC we would prefer you contact them directly so you can get accurate information. You can contact the Manufacturer directly at (800) 533-6127. Thank you for contacting CPO Outlets!
I would say you could speak over it fairly easily. . Not as loud s the air compressor that runs it. That's about as close as I can give you
Tonage is the cylinder spec psi is the pump spec. So you cant really compare the two. I use this pump on my frame machine with cylinders rated to 10 ton but you need 100 psi of air pressure
Made in China!
i'm not positive, but the stinger line products might be an economy line. if you notice all otc branded items are more expensive
no flow rates are given in the literature that comes with the pump. however i run a 50 ton ram and it works fine
not aware that you can. we did not have to do anything, it seems to work well
Yes
Yes, it is virtually an identical machine to an electrolux vacuum.
No metal plate at the bottom and the roller is wood.
Yes it does. The specs say it has a 600 inch cord. It's also a nice pliable cord.
I'm not sure.. unless your worrying about it tripping a breaker or something g, I wouldn't be concerned about it too much.. a lot of manufacturers hype the amps, but more amps can just mean it has an inefficient motor. it doesn't mean it cleans better.. this is a great vacuum, dual motor,one for the vacuum and one for the beater bar..I am professional carpet cleaner and this vacuum is quiet, well made and picks up better than more costly dysons
No it is not
There's warranty information in the User's Manual that comes in the package with the vacuum sweeper. One little issue: You must use genuine ProTeam vacuum sweeper bags or the warranty will be voided. Generic bags will "pop up" and be offered for purchase when you place your order...???
Right around 15"
There is a hose that is connected. A new one also comes with a narrow nozzle, a brush nozzle, and a small flat nozzle.
Yes YouCan.
This is a disinfectant when used full strength (shake contents to mix) and spray or apply to surface & in 10 minutes the disinfecting is complete. You allow it to dry on the surface you applied it to, and do not rinse it off. Benefect is not designed to be a cleaner, just a great disinfectant. House hold traditions dot com has all the data. Personally I would use on granite, wood & stone by spraying a layer on after cleaning or dusting the surface. I do not have any experience cleaning granite, but have never had any issues with Benefect leaving an unwanted residue or stain issue. I use a steam mop on my laminate wood floors and if I wanted to use Benefect on my floors, I would either spray them after cleaning or apply full strength and go over the floor with a Benefect soaked rag or mop. It depends how much disinfecting is needed I guess. When we used it in the office to disinfect special water submersed tools, we would soak the tools in a diluted solution (water & Benefect), thoroughly rinse the tool as the water had crud in it from soaking, and then spray on the Benefect and let dry. Tropical traditions also has Benefect data.
Yes, that is how I used it. I wanted to ensure our pop-up camper was free of mold, so I opened it up fully and fogged it with this product. Took a couple of days for the odor to dissipate, but it did the job.
That's probably a question for the manufacturer. If you're dealing with something expensive and with a synthetic material, I wouldn't take chances. That said, I don't think you'd need to use it every day, as it's concentrated and would remain effective for some time after one application.
Yes. It has to soak for at least ten minutes.
I would think so...it would just need to dry completely before you put sheets on it. It takes a day or so for the strong herbal odor (which I personally like) to fade.
Hmmm....I'm afraid I can't answer that, as I discarded the container a long time ago. I think the vast majority is the thyme extract.
I would not do that. Use it to disinfect it BEFORE you add water. Let it sit in the container as per the instructions on the bottle, for disinfection. If you want to add to the water, use an essential oil such as eucalyptus, rosemary etc.. They have disinfection properties, would be safer to breathe, and can do some healing to the lungs. Good luck! My opinions are my own, and are not for the purpose of diagnosing or treating diseases etc.. :0) Would be glad to answer any other ques you may have, if i can!
don't know! It might. I used it for mold removal from a wall. Not really strong odor. I'm thinking another product with an absorbing ability might be better.
According to the label: - Thymol (component of thyme oil)...................... 0.23% - Other ingredients............................................99.77% It doesn't say what the "other ingredients" are, but I suspect water and other inert ingredients. Wish I knew which one had triggered my wife's breathing issues, however.
Yes I have it in mine
Shingles can be tricky, because of all the seams; but it's thick and sticks well. I would think it would work from that standpoint....it won't run off.
Yes it can, this is a very efficient and versatile product. Easy to apply.
I believe it can be applied over almost anything, its a thick solution almost like a very thick Vaseline that never completely hardens. I brushed it in aggressively into every seam in my asphalt shingles and it worked. Better to apply at room temperature at least, much easier that way, I learned that lesson when I applied some in freezing temperatures. Good luck.
I probably covered 150 Sq ft, I worked it into asphalt shingkes.used heavy stiff brush to work it into every Crack and crevice.easiest if you warm up to room temperature first
I see no reason why not. I've sealed everything from shingles to brick to wood to metal.
Approx. 1"
It's hard plastic. I drive over it with my car every day, no problems.
12".
It is centered..
The diameter(thickness) of the shaft that goes through the the centre of the wheel!
It's been almost a year since we bought these, but I believe they were priced individually.
Sorry I can't help. This wheel was used to make a boat trolley. The application of the wheel is a flat piece of metal (with 4 screw/bold holes) that we bolted onto wood.
These are the ingredients as per http://www.vitaminshoppe.com Our Original Herbal Mint and new homeopathic-friendly Cinnamon Cardamom Flavor toothpastes support healthy teeth and gums with organic supercritical extracts of Neem bark, Neem leaf and more. All-natural, concentrated formulas contain no sodium lauryl sulfate or parabens. 90% certified-organic ingredients Contains organic Neem oil AND supercritical Neem leaf extract Fortified with coconut oil, jojoba and shea butter Soothing, antioxidant-rich formula. Does Not Contain: No fluoride, lauryl sulphate, saccharin, parabens, animal testing or by-products, artifical colors or flavors.
India
According to the Vitamin Shoppe it does not. Comment posted :Does not contain carrageenan, which has been show to be detrimental to your health. Hope that helps.
They do not have any claims on the box or tube about whitening teeth, and I have not noticed a difference in the shade of mine. For that you may want to try the popular 'Crest Whitestrips' ('Supreme' being the best of all - available on Amazon).
Does Not Contain: No fluoride, lauryl sulphate, saccharin, parabens, animal testing or by-products, artifical colors or flavors. What I do is alternate with another toothpaste that does have fluoride.
I looked up 'bleeding gums' and could see that there can be several causes. I would try this, because it seems to work well at fighting inflammation. But also see a dentist. I can tell you that I have had several flare-ups with three teeth that were bothering me. Two are fine now! & one is a little sensitive. Took a few months, but anytime they bothered me I used garlic slices & turmeric. So, although the dentist recommended a total of 3 root canals, I'm not planning on having any. Flossing is also important! and only takes a few minutes each night. In addition to using this toothpaste several times a day, have also rubbed turmeric powder on the gums before falling asleep. It's a natural remedy & spice used for thousands of years. It works to stop the inflammation. Can also put slices of garlic on the gums for 20 mins, don't swallow (use a tissue if you need to ), then rinse. Sometimes it stings a little, but really well worth it as it absorbs bacteria. I've just ordered this same brand of Neem mouthwash. (vitacost.com) Good luck!
I prefer the cinnamon toothpaste and have been buying it for over a year. BEST stuff I have ever had. No more bleeding and my gums are great! I have started several others on these neem toothpastes (some like the mint) and they all love it. No quality problems at all.
The connector has a standard 3/4" hose connection, but the inside is 7/8 " with the actual valve opening of 3/8" with both valves open you get the full flow that is delivered by a 3/4" water line. I have purchased several brands and the ones from Amazon seem to be the best quality.
it has small arrows on the brass portion of the unit. You can't see them in the photo but they are there...
The Gilmore unit probably is made from brass with a bit of lead in it. I'm a very experienced mechanical engineer and I have a hard time seriously considering those cancer warnings because of leaded brass. In a world with real risks of injury, death & cancer ... a leaded brass device for use in the garden seems pretty inconsequential.
We offer the contractor grade.
The long piece of black moves if turned or pushed a little if they don't move there must be a problem with whole thing.
I have no idea but since it is made from Brass i would think it would be ok. No lead in Brass. I would assume any garden hose connection would be for potable water.
the battery is on top just to the right of the display area. Just slide the battery cover to the right with your thumb nail.
You are not missing parts. Mine did not include anything there. One area is for you to be able to grab the calipers more easily. I use the other area to hold the folded instructions
I could not find any markings of where it was made. The label says www.anacondatools.com maybe you could find more information on thier site. I have not visited it but it may help or they might be able to answer your question.
It uses a calculator battery - LR 44. My son is an engineer, his is a different brand and takes a AAA. I do not know how accurate it is, but being a Mechanical Eng, I think he'd be looking for something that can do 0.001 like this one.
We can ship to Lithuania but not if purchased on Amazon. Please locate our web site and contact us to order by phone. Check the other question posted to this item for the web site address.
About 5 ft with with attachments on. Used for two seasons and it works great
Yes
yes, it attaches directly to the wet/dry vac hose.
I has an outside diameter of 1 1/8 inches at the small end.
I wouldn't recommend this for a height over about 12-15 feet. The pipe would get unweildy and heavy. Also the outlet shoots air to the side which produces a sideways force(torque) on the pipe that you must manually counter. With twice the height, you get twice the weight and twice the torque. It will tire you out quickly.
We bought it to work on a shop vac. However, if the circumference of the unit works on your unit, go for it.
Yes, that is how I use it. It seems more convenient that luging around a shop vac.
yes, we have a Ridgid brand shop vac and it fits perfectly.
yes I have took a while got two of them - one to the pool pump and the other on the hot water tank - let me know if you need help
30A maximum. Specifically: 6600 Watts 30 A resistive, 5500VA 25 A inductive, 5540 Watts 20 A @ 277 VAC Ballast, 4400 Watts 20 A Tungsten, 1 1/2 HP @ 120 VAC motor, 3 HP @ 220 VAC motor. I uploaded a customer image of the inside information label that provides that information.
I don't know I used with nexia home intelligence
I returned mine. couldn't get it to pair. Box in for indoor use. There is a better relay for a few dollars more.
The CA3750 is a simple Z-Wave BINARY (on/off) device. It should work with any controller that performs an interrogation process (like HomeSeer) when the device is included into the Z-Wave network. Other systems only support products based on their specific manufacturer ID numbers; a lot of newer "hubs" work this way. You'll need to check with Wink directly on this (if possible). Alternately, you can buy a CA3750 and return it if it doesn't work. -Mark
I have it controlling my heater and circulation pump on one side and the high pressure jets on the other side. All controlled by my smart phone. I love it.
Yes - "Multi-Voltage power supply 120, 208, 240, or 277 VAC" http://www.homeseer.com/pdfs/guides/CA3750.pdf
No
Yup, actually the most reliable switches in my hub network. I have 2, one for the water heater(240V) and one for my boat lift (120V/30A).
There are 2 single-pole 30A switches which can be programmed to work independently. There is only a single on/off button on the unit itself to control both switches, however the remote interface application (web or smartphone app) has an available feature for 2 separate switch controls. Unless your water heater is somehow supplied by a single hot line, not two hot 120V lines of opposite phases as in the U.S. and some other countries, I believe that most electrical codes require switches to disconnect all hot lines from an appliance: in this case use only one CA3750 per water heater or a safety hazard will be created by leaving voltage on a non-functioning appliance.
I can't say for certain, but would think that this particular product is much too thin to provide effective support for the purpose described.
They just come stacked on top of each other. No scuffs or damage to mine though.
I wouldn't use it for that purpose.
I'm sure you could, you'd have to cut it though.
Same thickness as a card board ups box. Maybe a 1/4 inch.
The minimum purchase would be one package of 5 sheets. Unfortunately, this product isn't offered in smaller quantities.
No
No, the cord loops around a hook on back for storage.
At 17.50 lbs MC-V5210 is not particularly heavy, maybe a pound or two heavier then the lightweight models made completely of plastic. Considering it's handle and bottom made of steel, not bad at all. Unless you planing to lift it regularly (why???), weight is not an issue at all.
19.5 lbs. We have a three story house, so over time I bought two Panasonic vacuums, one for the first floor and one for the floor. It removes the hassle of dragging it upstairs , then back down. With the quality of Panasonic brands, it will be a long, long time until I need to replace one. GOOD LUCK!
I don't remember exactly, but at most it's one screw to attach the handle.
attachments can be purchased separately ... there is an extensive "extra" hose available. Panasonics web site lists all available attachments.
per th e odoban site: Q. Can you use OdoBan Odor Eliminator in a carpet steamer? Yes. Note: Do not mix with other cleaners. However in a regular steam cleaner I would check manufacturer.
Definitely! Make sure you dilute it.
Buy it at Home Depot.
I have no idea.........it works on laundry and in closets and carpeting and many other uses, probably would in holding tanks as well, but if it was me I would get something that is made for holding tanks.
What do you have to lose by trying it? I haven't tried it on "fish smell" but I would soak the clothes for about 20 minutes in cold water and OdoBan and then wash them as usual and then use the OdoBan as the fabric softener in a second rinse. If it works, yeah!, if it doesn't...the clothes already smelled bad.
I actually used this on hardwood in a 1/2 bath. It worked. My daughter sprayed it on baseboard that a cat had sprayed on. Worked, too. No discoloration.
It works amazing. In fact every pet owner should have this. I use it constantly . My big box store sells it also. This is the best cheapest product I have found and I have had maltiple animals at one time my whole life and I rescue so cleanliness is a must for me. I tell everyone I know about it. I also like to make mine a little stronger then the dosing they call for . Kills germs, kills the smell, smells good , affordable so you can use more product if needed . Hope this helps p.s I don't feel like NM even works. I don't know if you new this but it's mail ingredient is either alcohol or peroxide which is pretty cheap to buy separately then the cost of NM. Odo band is hands down way better.
I have used OdoBan on cat urine and dog urine. It is the only thing that really gets out the odor, so I am sure it will get rid of rat odor.
it is used on carpet, in bathrooms, on upholstery, in kitchens and is mainly water with a little rubbing alcohol and a small amount of a quaternary amine similar to those used in anti-bacterial soaps (amine works to control mildew, virus, bacteria, and fungus). It does biodegrade over time. I might suggest testing a small, out of the way, area of the doll prior to using it on the whole doll.
Yes! I clean my refinished 50+ year-old wood floors with a Odoban solution and a sponge mop. It may not eliminate the odor the first swipe but keep on using Odoban and the smell will fade away.
ABSOLUTLY!!!
It would probably work well to get odor off anything non-porous, or fabric that could be washed with some OdoBan in the water. But wooden things, or things that you couldn't really get too wet...don't know?
I suppose you good purchase a mister such that is used to spray plants. That's certainly a finer spray than regular plastic spray cleaner containers...
Hi Larry, Bed bugs are not killed by Odoban. Odaban is a disinfectant. More for urine, blood, fecal messes, kennels, bedding , wash, floor etc. For bed bugs rubbing alcohol being sprayed on them kills them. Washing your laundrey in this product in hot water would be a plus. Just a suggestion try apple cider vinger in a bucket of hot water on the floors. Do a small spot to make sure its not going to do any discoloring. This is after spraying with Alcohol and letting it sit. Make sure you vaccum and than continue the floor washing with apple cider vinger and water. I hope this helps. Make sure you clean out your vaccum and if it's a no bag clean out side away from any traffic of people and spray with the rubbing alcohol let sit and than rinse out than spray and let dry. If it's a bag throw it out in the trash out side.
Yes it works great for inside and outside. I even use in to clean up accidents from the grocery store. A broken package of chicken. It kills the bacteria and the odor. Same for cleaning outdoors. I use it on my deck , lawn furniture , cushions, shed I have dogs and one is a male and has sometimes forgotten his manners. Great product! You can use it for lundrey to! Hope this helps!
I use 8 oz to gallon it works great in my groom shop
It would not hurt your deck or lawn, but I doubt it would overcome the skunk odor. Might even make it worse.
I love this product. It is excellent in removing ordoers from fabrics, and generrally does not stain. Great in the car. Something like silk drapes, I would be concerned. The product can be air sprayed to eliminate ordors, but do not do so with kids or pets in the room- Best to spray generously, then leave for a few minutes. The product works best if area is cleaned first, then left damp after spraying for at least 10 minutes. True odor removing effect seen after totally dry.
Applied to concrete surface with a long handled scrub brush. Dampen concrete first . Also wet any surrounding plants. Scrub well and rinse off.
Hi John, I have not used this on lichen, but I have used it on concreate and then pressure washed it off. It did A great JOB, and I will continue to use it. Best Wishes Gary
I sprayed it on as indicated in the directions. I did one area with pressure washer and it worked well. I also did a small area on a fence and also the deck with a hose and sprayer attachment. It also worked well . The interesting item is that after I cleaned the areas they seemed to get better over time.
No. Forty pounds must be a case....
Dont buy this product. Its really of no use. I didn't see any changes whatsoever. Waste of money.
I would be very careful not to get it in the pool or on any plastic,vinyl or tile. Not sure what the solution might do to those areas.
No I use a long handle scrub brush
I would not expect it to perform well on fabrics. It is better suited for hard surfaces
not sure, but i would 1sr scuff the area you will use for the tape and apply the tape during warm weather for best stick on
i'm not extremely sure of it's marine heartiness. i used mine on what's now my winter motorcycle helmet- adhered on a glossy finish, it's been through some cold with light rain conditions & has done fine so far with no lift, but it has not been through a lot of extreme weathering either. for that you may consider the type of reflective tape stickers like the ones applied to emergency & hazard vehicles. this particular one would appear as a pretty thin line from distance; up close it's like a thick pinstripe.
it can definitely be removed (it's like a sticker) but i do not know if movement would allow for it staying applied to clothing; that would probably depend on where you put it & how much movement it would receive...
While expiration dates are included in the majority of products, there is no research evidence that the expiration date means anything. You should'nt throw a product just because it has expired...for thoothpaste, as long as it has not dried totally, I use it past the exp. date.
I don't know. All I know is it cost me twice the price it cost the last time I bought it on Amazon. How much are you paying?
Hi yes BriteSmile whitening tooth paste does have floride in it. I love this tooth paste and have been using it for about 5 years. It keeps my teeth just as white as when I did painful bleaching and I still drink 1 big cup of black coffee a day.
it is usually between 22- 26.00 a tube- but i use it with cheaper brands so it lasts longer
I think it's synthetic but it looks great.
Yes, the forceps have serrated tips.
Three blades and they are the high quality that a doctor would use.
No
Yes it works for everything
I think a vacuum would do a better job on stairs. This is mainly for clothing and furniture material.
Absolutely you can, this product works wonderfully on every fabric I have tried it on.
Yes
It sure does! If you look at the product description it more clearly details what you get: Lint Wizard Pro The Lint Wizard self cleaning lint brush is the easiest way to remove lint. The Lint Wizard picks up lint, pet hair, dust and more and then it cleans itself like Magic! With the Lint Wizard, there are no refills to buy ? ever! When it is full just empty it out. It is reusable over and over again. Great for: Clothes Carpets Couches Car Seats and more Includes BONUS TRAVEL size Lint Wizard Pro.
It's more like a very fine Velcro & works very well!
I don't have any experience with the cartridge application but I can positively endorse the sealant when applied with a paint brush.... particularly when it's application is an original one. The downside of applying it over other previously applied "sealants" is that most of them split & crack as a result of age and weather and the "new" Sashco patch has no choice but to crack with it. I'm very happy with the product when applied to an original leak or crack that hasn't been "fixed" before with another product.
It is paintable after 1 week.
It certainly works on the seams of my metal roof. It has the same expansion/contraction as any metal, and the seal does indeed stay flexible.
Interesting timing. We are using it to replace some pool tiles as we speak. We lowered the water to apply the tiles. After two days, the tiles are not set. Read instructions, after the fact, and learned it takes one to two weeks to dry--oh my! Am now wondering how it will hold once "cured" when we raise the water level. Have used this product on other above water applications and it is an amazing product!
I have not used it for the application you are asking about. The can states "for fiberglass/ asphalt shingles". Their phone # is 1-800-289-7290 (CO). I would call them and describe want you want to use it for and see what they say.
It paints on like thick glue. My suggestion if it's a gap, rather than a crack, is to patch it and paint with this all over the patch.
Yes, first clean the area then use a putty knife and try to work it into the pin holes. Then cover the area with a thin coat and let it dry. It should hold up to sun and rain with no problems. It is not made for a walking surface. Good luck.
That's a tough one as I have only used it for it's intended use and it doesn't received any foot traffic. I will say that after being on the "lip" of my chimney it is quite hard and one could walk on it. Maybe you should try a small area to find out. When first applied it is quite sticky but as time goes by it firms up. My coating has been on a little over two years.
No
Not sure but I think it would probably work. It stays clear
Hello, yes it has black base and super strong, but only from the seller All In Safety, got this once also from another company and did not match, was all orange and inferior quality, Thanks
Each cone weighs almost 3 3/4 pounds. They are very sturdy & I feel a very good buy. I bought them to mark off our driveway where our grandkids play. Very happy with them & use them often.
Yes ours have the black base, its a Jbc Safety Cone
Rubberlike.
It will combine the cones together and give you a shipping rate somewhere in the middle. Amazon will quote you and give you a choice before checking out.
I am away from home but I think the diameter is about 2 inches.
Sorry, I have no idea.
Yes, they stack nicely. These cones were a much higher quality than I expected for the price. I'm very pleased with them.
Yes we have plenty in stock. We can ship within 24 hours.
That depends on the state you live in and its plumbing code. While the cement will work fine without it, there are states which require the use of a cleaner/primer before using the cement for new installations. Check your local code to be sure first. Better to be safe than sorry when it comes to inspections and possibly having to redo everything before being able to sell or rent your property.
Probably not. I would ask a company that installs vinyl fencing what they use or use an epoxy glue.
No it will not do the job,it did not work for me.thank you for asking.
you need #89460 georgia pacific en motion paper towel 800 foot rool 10 inches wide . we use ours at mineola bicycle & mower long island, ny. it works super !!!
Yes. As soon as you tear off the towel - it stops dispensing.
It depends on use. I have mine in a church. Had for 6 months, with heavy use. Batteries are still good.
No
Yes
Open the unit and place the batteries inside they are at the bottom.
No, but the batteries do last a long time. If you find someone savvy with electronics I'm sure they can wire up a power supply. It would need a transformer to reduce the voltage
No
no it doesn't run through without stopping. It will stop when your ready to tear the sheet. Their has been thousands of these same units sold across the US and commonly used in public restrooms so its not hard to find one to demo it.
No sample
I have a very large kitchen and foyer. I just dust mop the entire floor and then move it all towards the Eye-Vac. The motion detector sucks up all the "stuff". I have 2 kids and a shedding dog. Every two or three weeks I empty the cylinder out. LOVE IT!!!!! So easy.
Only activates when the broom is in direct contact. It doesn't "gather" the dirt/hair, but merely "inhales" it, when prompted. I wouldn't place it directly by the dog's crate. The noise would probably scare most dogs.
It comes with one.
it sounds like a vacuum when you sweep up to it. Doesn't last very long, so it doesn't bother me.
Oh yeah!!
Humm I didn't have that issue. When it's on auto did you make sure the light is on, doesn't work if the light isn't on. Once hair is brushed up to the sensor it sucks it up. When on manual the push button should work. If not then maybe it needs to go back.
No. 110 only.
Its been in my hair salon for two months now and we haven't needed to yet
It remains stationary. Therefore you sweep things into it. If you could do that on your carpet I would think it would work. I have never tried that. But I agree with previous reviewer--a vacuum is what you need to clean the carpet.
If you have compatible electric plugs, it would work. In fact, the first time I saw one of these was at my hairdressers. She was using hers and I was intrigued enough to investigate what it was and where she got it. So, I ordered mine from Amazon. It works great!
Since you used the word "play" I guarantee you have absolutely no idea what danger you'd put yourself in with two of these---Let me put it this way: if the thought of having two of these near each other does not cause physical symptoms of fear (racing heart, cold sweat, etc.) you probably have no idea how dangerous just one of these can be, let alone two. Magnets, especially strong ones, tend to go from no noticeable force to smashing together with more force than a sledge-hammer swing faster than you can react. Get a couple with a pull force under 15 lbs. and use those to discover how brutal rare-earth magnet accidents can be in the small-scale before you even consider buying something this size that is potentially lethal. There have been many accidents with smaller magnets that pulverized a couple fingers or took out an eye by shattering and sending shards into faces, still re-aligning as the field moved away.
You spend some time at the gym, working specifically on your grip strength, then, after maybe 6 months you MIGHT be able to remove them. If not, you may have to go to your local body shop and have the quarter panels replaced. Hope this helps.
Yes...its 1 magnet
Yes it would however word of caution be careful when it snaps your plexiglass together as it could crack it and the edges of the round end can very easily scratch the plexiglass.
Never tried)))
I can't say that I have used this magnet to magnetize tools. But what I can say is that metal coming in contact with any item that has a strong magnetic field retains some magnetism. See YouTube video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA3yCjjbG-0
No. No magnet will stick to copper aluminum. Stainless steal.
All I no is its strong
Just tried, no. It could, ya know in the same way a soda can could. It will pull you towards a metal desk or something.
I have my doubts. Remagnetization could happen at ambient temperatures, but to be efficient with an all-metal magnet, heat is required. If hot magnetic metal cools under the influence of a strong magnetic field, it retains some of the magnetic field strength. There are two problems in your situation, 1) heating a *plastic* magnet, and 2) heat transfer to the neodymium magnet, which is not only heat sensitive, but highly brittle. But I'd be willing to try. First, passive magnetization. Then, if that doesn't work, heat from a hair blow dryer, wearing safety glasses. The idea is to soften or slightly melt the plastic so the embedded magnetic particles can re-align, and the plastic cool and reset around the tiny magnets. I'd also try holding the neodymium magnet to the aluminum frame of the shower door, to see if enough magnetic force could be generated to keep the door closed, and if so, glue it in place with epoxy or silicone. Or if the force is too strong to actually open the door easily, buy a smaller, more low-profile magnet for the permanent set-up. Or install two neodymium disk (coin-shaped) magnets, one on the outside and one on the inside so that no re-magnetization is needed. The aluminum frame will attenuate a magnetic field, but the plastic or glass of the door will not.
N48
As far as the weight I think yes it will definitely hold the 20 LBs. However I believe if you glue it as soon as you come within 1/4" of whatever metal you're attaching it to it might rip itself or the sculpture with it when it attaches to the metal. The attraction force up close is VERY violent.
Although I don't pretend to be an expert on electricity and magnetism, I have had some experience with these (and other) neodymium magnets. In general, I can tell you that I've never seen a noticeable (or measurable) degradation of the magnetic field strength simply due to the relative positioning of the poles. However, the caveat is that I only keep the magnets in a given position for a relatively short time (hours- not days or weeks). I would think it very likely that variables like the distance between the magnets and the amount of time spent in very close proximity could cause the natural gradual weakening of magnets to be accelerated somewhat. I'm not sure I understand how you're proposing to use the magnetic fields to create a "friction-less vertical axis", however. If you're attempting to create a magnetic buffer zone (or cushion) between the "like" poles of the magnets (much the way "bullet" trains glide (with very little friction) over their tracks on an electromagnetic cushion) then you might consider the following: Magnets attract or repel certain metals because the normal distribution of charged particles within them changes from a random (electrically neutral) state to a polarized state in which negative particles congregate at one pole and positive charges (or the absence of negative charges) move to the other (all magnets are dipoles). Btw...the terms "north pole" and "south pole" are arbitrary....the only relevant point is that they're either the same or different poles (magnetic lines of force emanate from the positive (i.e. North) pole and re-enter through the negative (i.e. South) pole). Good luck!
These things are dangerous. Is what I did, drill a hole in a 1x4 the size of the magnet. Snug fit. Push one in till flush. Grab other and slide it apart. Takes less effort to slide them apart.
No they are not. They have a piece of plastic about 1/8 thick in between. I ruined one trying to get them apart.
Do not understand your question?
If your asking about spacing, having the magnet more then 1/4" away from the metallic surface will loose 50% of it's strength. Your best bet is to keep it as close as possible. 10 pounds shouldn't be an issue, I would experiment with it a bit first to make sure it will hold. 1/2" by 1" may be too weak.
Yes, but the magnetic test for silver purity is not conclusive. Magnetic test should be performed in conjunction with other tests. Also, the 1x1 magnet may be too strong for testing small pieces of silver and can even be dangerous causing pinched skin, fingers, etc.. Suggest you consider smaller neodymium magnets which will be easier to handle such as half-inch or quarter-inch sizes.
No, it is a very strong magnet and if it were to attract the knives and your hand was close at the time you would definately get cut.
This is a best guess answer... If you are trying to wipe the drive on purpose, put the magnet on the drive casing while it is running, then try reading the drive. if, on the other hand, you are planning on having the magnet placed near the drive to serve some other purpose, and you are wondering if the magnet will affect the drive in some manner, Murphy's Law will take precedence (If something can go wrong, it will go wrong). Your drive WILL get screwed up. A suggestion Mr. Green... Hard drives are cheap these days. Taken the old drive out of your computer and take a hammer to it. Replace it with a new drive.
no, but they wanted to stay together for the tax benefits.
100
Yes these are definately strong enough. These are super strong magnets! I tested this with magnets on a really thick robe and it was very strong. My only concern would be that it comes with a massive warning label. Part of the warning says "Pace-makers may be damaged or switch to 'test mode' in the presence of a strong magnetic force, if a pace-maker or other bodily implant is in use, keep a minimum of 3 feet distance." IT also says children shouldn't be allowed to use them and also they are brittle and the insides are highly flammable. But yes, these are super strong and would work for name tags, I guess as long as they're not wearing a pace-maker.
From my experience, two part epoxy is the best. if on a shiny surface to which the glue is not bonding to, I would recommend taking some sand paper and rough up the surface then glue the magnets on
I think they are the perfect size for the bottle cap magnets. That is what I use them for. They are small and strong, and most often offered for a great price here on amazon.
If that metal base is considered magnetic, meaning it's made of iron, these magnets will work. They are amazingly strong, which is shocking given how small they are. To be fair, the magnets on the back of those letters rarely stick to anything. These magnets are small enough and strong enough I believe they will work well. I use them to make my own magnets and I'm often shocked by what they stick to. The issue I see, is that there is a warning on them. They are so strong they will snap together. Mine have never shattered, but I have heard they will. They are very good magnets, though. I would have given them more than 5 stars if I could have. :) Good luck!
Yes- but it depends on the paint. I've used spray paint and it's worked, stuck, and they still stuck. Good magnets- strong.
Yeah these magnets held up cardboard against my refrigerator, they may be small but their magnetism is very strong to other magnetic objects.
Per the description it is 1.6 pounds. I don't have equipment to measure it, but I'm happy with their holding power - given that they're tiny little things 1/16" tall, 1/4" diameter.
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neodymium Read the "precautions" tab.
I think they would be very strong. I only have 1 of these magnets, and it is very powerful. If I stick it to a metal door jam or metal pipe, it is EXTREMELY difficult to remove. I have placed a metal file on top of a 3/4" thick c-top and with the magnet on the underside of the top it moves the file easily. I've also stuck it to my 24' tape measure hanging on my jean pocket and then stuck my 18 volt Hitachi cordless drill to "It". Just examples of how powerful this magnet is. I use it to find metal studs in the wall for installing cabinets in the commercial field, and absolutely love it. I don't know if this helps you but with the 2 magnets pulling toward each other on the 1" glass with the pad between, I think it would work.
I put electrical tape over them, which has worked great. Not sure about painting. Put the tape on them to help prevent shattering. This has nothing to do with poor manufacture, its just a property of neodymium magnets -- amazingly strong, but they chip very easily.
This magnet (2"x1"x1") is very powerful. It may be difficult to open the door on occasion. Will you need holes? No. Will it hold the door. More than likely, yes. Depending on the weight and size of the door, you may need two, but again, that depends on the size and weight of the door.
flat
It is safe and it will not hurt the compressor. But this is a very strong magnet so watch your fingers.
I have this product it is 2" by 1" by 1" It is super magnetic!
The larger the Grade Nxx number the stronger the magnetism within that magnet. The pulling or holding power of each magnet is determined by its mass (size) as well as the N rating. In your example the N42 would be able to hold more weight to it than the N50 you reference which I can assume is a smaller magnet. If both were the same size then the N50 would be more powerful in pull. Because lower N value magnets are cheaper than the more powerful ones, often you can purchase a larger sized lower N value magnet that ends up with more pulling power than a higher priced smaller N50 magnet for the same price or cheaper. Like in your example.
I dont think same technology i doubt it. demags is technolory for something like that and newer technologies that use chips like rfids are not afectedThis magnet will bite you if not careful however. And will mess up credit cards if you get near. I use my magnets for holding thinks in place
I don't know enough about electromagnetism to answer this, but it's pretty freaking strong. I have to wrap it in a crazy amount of bubble wrap and then into a box to keep things around it from sticking. DO NOT PUT IT ANYWHERE NEAR ANOTHER NEODYNIUM MAGNET. They love each other, violently. You will bleed.
I have not tried it but according to the company's web site "Applies easily to wet or dry surfaces". http://www.sashco.com/hi/pdfs/Lexel_Brochure.pdf
I wouldn't use it for that. It is clear and probably wouldn't hold up under traffic.
I have used it for my shed and it seals the water out very well. While I cannot say for certain, I would think that it would work to seal a snow globe.
Yes
Are you applying the Lexel over bad caulking? Then, no, you shouldn't. You should remove all the old caulking and then apply the new caulking material. http://www.amazon.com/Sashco-13013-2-Lexel-5-0-Ounce-Clear/dp/B0012DIUYW/ref=cm_cd_al_qh_dp_t#product-description-iframe
I just let it set up, then it pealed off pretty easy.
I suppose you could use lexel however I would consider looking for something that would be recommended for granite.
I've not used it on glass. What I have used has dried clear. Sorry I can't answer your question.
It's more like regular caulk.
This is more of a sealant. So l'm not sure how much of a grip there would be using this. I would try to see if their is something else you might use and be happier with.
Yes
Per package there were 10 plates, really nice quality. My guests thought they were real at first glance. The case contains 12 packs. So you get 120 total plates. Hope this helps
If you put all the items in your cart and go to checkout (you don't need to actually purchase it) you will see the combined amazon shipping rates
It depends. I use it to pick up nails, bolts, ect. It would pick up stuff out of the ground if the objects are not to deep, the ground is soft, ect.
There isn't one specific reason for it that I know of. I can think of a thousand different experiments and fun thing to do with it. YouTube it!!!! My only problem was finding a safe place to store it. I have used them to pull metal shavings out of drilling fluid also.
Oooo ya it will for a fine job.
This magnet is way to powerful for that purpose. I doubt you could get it off the refrigerator if you placed it on there. It provides over 400 Lbs. of pull. You need a much cheaper magnet.
I'm not sure. Tremco probably has a tech center that can answer that question.
Yes. Be sure surface is clean... no loose particles.
I don't recommend using this to repoint a brick wall. Repoint with portland cement mortar.
I have only used Vulcan 116 on my in-ground pool and it doesn't get any where near that hot. Sorry, I don't have the answer, but I've been on the Tremco website https://www.tremcosealants.com/ and they can answer your question.
Best product for the application
32 1/4" x 30" x 23 1/2"
It's easy to assemble.
No
the opening is 13.5 inches wide and about 23 inches high. if you look at the picture, you will see the bottom of the opening is an inch shorter because it curves so you only have 13.5 to work with. above that is 14.5 inches wide. hope that helps
The actual opening is 15" from left to right, 15.5" from front to back and 12" deep. It is a very durable, very useful table/cart and I couldn't be any more happy with it. I hope this helps.
25x33x33
It comes with one grate, one solid tray & one mixing pan. The solid tray & the mixing pan are interchangeable for 3 positions. You can put the pan on the top from underneath & use the grated on the top when potting. Or use the pan for storage. I'm very pleased with mine.
No faucet - just the features shown.
You'd be better off using a full silicone caulk in the shower.
Used it around the tub and tile on the shower. It is water repellent, in that the water beads on. No leaks that I am aware of. Also used to seal cracks on the back porch sun slots made of plastic and it keeps the water out. Hope this helps.
I think it would. Have not used it for that purpose. I would apply with a tool to make sure it fills in the seam you are filling.
Shows WHITE
No
I used it outside a few months ago to plug holes I had drilled in vinyl siding to run wires to my security cameras and it seem to be holding up fine so far.
Betsy I bought two of these. They take 4qty size "D" batteries. Important also note the 8" wide towel refills are available in two inner diameter sizes... 1-3/8" and 1-3/4" diameter. Only the 1-3/4" will fit this dispenser! Hope that helps.
Yes
No batteries included.
This one that I got from Amazon, I have used a great deal since I got it. I have ALS and am very weak and it is difficult to walk. If I did not have this cart, I would not be able to get my groceries in the house, especially in 1 trip. There has been at least 150 lbs in it and it is still going. I have brought in bags of dog food, canned cat food, cat litter, and all other groceries at 1 time. My son strengthened it by placing a board in the bottom of it which helps to distribute the weight to all 4 wheels.
Sorry, but I'm not sure, since I've just used it for laundry so far. However, it's very sturdy, so I imagine it would be able to handle a lot. You might want to contact the manfacturer, who's probably tested this thing for weight.
The dimensions are 24" high (not including the handle), 17" wide, and the opening is 16". I hope this helps you.
Yes
A very good question. I would be interested in the answer as well.
It depends on what U get
I just went and remeasured the cart & the cart is 18 inches across the front, 16 inches front to back, and 22 inches deep (top to bottom)...I amended my previous answer where I think I transposed 2 numbers.
I just went out to the garage with a measuring tape and opened up the extra large cart and measured again and the measurements are: 18 inches across the front of cart 16 inches from front to back 22 inches deep (from top to bottom)
There Is Not A Charging Station. Just A Plug In
No. It has three settings but no timer.
Pro's: it does all the work. Con's: you have to empty it, it gets stuck on floor jams and rugs, it's ok picking up pet fur, but fur gets traped in brushes and tends to leave clumps of fur on the floor.
Yes, it has three settings for different sized spaces. As long as your furniture is either high enough that it can go under it with clearance or low enough that it can't get under the furniture at all you shouldn't have to worry about it getting stuck. When it "runs into" walls, furniture, etc. it backs up and redirects itself.
Hello Sue, there is sensors on this vacuum that will stop or turn around to avoid hitting an object.
Doesn't pick up much of anything, sorry!
Hello Joy, this vacuum will pick up dust and loose particles on the floor and carpet.
The charger that comes with it is 110 watts so it won't work there.
If you look at the picture its on the bottom under the middle button. Slides in and out of the side
I think I remember seeing a kit on amazon
No ..I also bought for outside use it is durable
Go with the package...30 yards. UPDATE I had "fun" relocating this review to update it. I contacted 3M recently. They say they have TWO categories of this roll: Cat # 2230 - 1.88x30 yards and Cat # 2245 - 1.88x45 yards. Amazon sells both at almost the same price. Thanks everyone, for reading, and have a blessed day.
I taped the undercutting on my trailer that had separated from the siding in a 25 foot section. It was about 40 degrees outside and it is still holding through rain, ice, snow at temperatures down to 10. It has been 5 months and still holding. I also taped it on my dumpster which gets thrown down weekly by trash collectors and that is still holding as well. I would reorder if needed and do recommend it.
I do not think it would work as well as Gorilla brand myself. I used this on an awning to repair some spots that were near tears and it did not stick very well. I went with a Gorilla brand that stuck very well. I assume your application is for short term only though for the holidays? This might work for that if dry when applying.
Not really clear, the white cross weaving shows through. It really does not hold up extremely well outside. I used it on my grill cover, and it did hold for quite a time, but it is starting to look a bit rough.
Pretty much waterproof. I made some waders from garbage bags and the tape to ford a stream up the cold mountains. I was able to cross in thigh deep rapids without any water soaking through. I'm glad I had it. It was cold up there.
Description did not list color of tape. The tape is gray in color.
It's your typical dark grey color.
Tril fold paper towels that you can get at SAMs or a restaurant supply place
Yes Kathy.. I have that same z fold towel holder and it holds 9" towels ...
Yes. The towels we use are the same size and they fit perfectly.
Hello - this is Kay with Georgia-Pacific Professional. You can call Georgia-Pacific at 866-435-5647 and we will send you a spare key. Thank you for your interest in Georgia-Pacific products
Yes, it does come with 2 keys, and the front cover tips out (hinged at the bottom) so you can fill it with towels.
I would think that if you used enough of it that it would work. totally filled I would guess the weight to be around 10-12 pounds and there are mounting tapes to hold such a weight. Thats just my best guess. Hope that helps Masoumeh.
These come with 3 screws and have a variety of holes in the back plane for mounting. I added plastic anchors to mount the unit with 2 screws on drywall.
The unit is mounted with the screws that come with the unit. Just open it up and the back of the unit is attached with the screws. Use the anchors if attaching to sheetrock. Tools are a drill and hammer and screwdriver.
Yes it works perfectly. I have one just like it.
yes it is easy. we are happy with it. we had another one where the opening is bigger and many towels come out at once creating waste.
I use this on all of the granite in my home both kitchen and bathroom . It does a great job even on grease .
no special smell
That is what I bought for. But it is just a ok product.
I don't think it works well
According to its label, this cleaner is safe for use on granite, marble, travertine, limestone, porcelain, ceramic, quartz. Corian, Silestone and other engineered stone surfaces.
not sure if it will remove hard water spots, but the cleaner and polish seem to prevent the deposits from forming..
No, use Sporicidin disinfectant, an EPA registered biocide.
Yes.. Just use a wet soft cloth to clean and a new wet cloth and bottle of water to rinse. They also make a polish that works very good
Yes, spray it on and wipe off with a cloth or paper towel.
It has worked well on ours.
It will not sit up unfortunately. It needs to be on your back.
go to a seller of only vac. bags,heres the #91988 bags,filter 90397,try Walmart also on line.
Unfortunately it's not a wet vac.It's maybe the only down side. remember 8 yrs of concrete dust and it keeps running .No complaints from me.
They are each 20 inches long and snap together to make one that is 39 inches long.
The cord does not retract. Yes, it does have a blower port. You can see it in the lower center of the black section in the photo.
It's a shop vac... dont use a bag...
I assume your talking volts.if so yes regular household voltage
No spinning bristles. It is a smaller scale shop vac if this helps. Just mounted on your back. I think it would pick up leaves and bugs as long as not embedded.
I haven't been able to find them at retail outlets, I always reorder from Amazon
No
I couldn't tell you. I'll have to have a glance at the box. I use these on my Newtonian telescope mirrors (one is a 10" F5), eyepieces, binoculars, refactor scope lenses, T.V.s, computer monitors, and my glasses. So far, no scratches or fogging. I was thinking about giving my teeth a swipe with them. They'd probably work great for household clean up outside of being a bit small for that. I'm very pleased with how these guys work and plan on keeping the on hand. I hoped that helped. John
I imagine that they would be fine but I have found that the most convenient and effective way to clean surfaces like that on an iPad are basic microfiber cloths.
Yes you can use the KimWipes to clean the objective lenses. You might clean the lenses first and then the body of the objectives. This way you won't transfer anything to the lenses and mark the lenses. Please don't use glass cleaner. A dry KimWipe should be sufficiant. Thanks. John
I am a retired pro. Had a custom lab, if you are referring to 35, wet your hand and pass the film through two fingers in between knuckles. A wipe can scratch too easy i think. Of course there is more to say than i can type here. Good luck.
Seems a bit wasteful to me. They are lint free, scratchy particle free Kleenex I suppose. Way cheaper to buy a box of nasal tissues to blow a nose? There is a correct tool for every task, and a person ( being kind here) to abuse that tool!
Use them on my prescription glasses & wife's Coasta's. I rinse my glasses first tha clean with glass cleaner. Than wipe dry with Klm Wipes. Do this every day. No issues. Found out about these from eye Doctor here locally. Can always ask manufactor
We have used the Kimwipes from Amazon and they do not have any alcohol. They come dry in a pop up box just like a regular tissue does.
You will need this part if you wish to use a remote pressure switch or tape switch. The standard battery door unhooks via the included instructions and this one goes on. This battery door has a receptacle built in that the pressure switches plug into, which allows you to turn the light on/off without manipulating the switch om the TLR body. It is most useful on a long gun such as a rifle or shotgun.
The one that I have is also not tethered, I store the cap in the unused port when I'm using the remote switch.
Yes. It will function as it did before. Just give the remote switch two quick squeezes and then hold, just as u did with the original switch, and ull be strobbing away. Mine works great. Can't wait for my first home invasion!
Yes
The Remote Door Assembly itself adds 1/2" in length to the Streamlight. However, if you are planning on connecting a remote switch, the plug that goes into the back of the Remote Door adds another 3/8" to the length. Standard Streamlight length: 3 3/8" (~86mm) Streamlight w/Remote Door length: 3 7/8" (~97mm) Streamlight w/Remote Door and remote cable plug length: 4 1/4" (~108mm)
Yes
You can zoom in on the product picture to see what grits... They should have it posted in the info section though. 1 very fine - 220 2 extra fine - 320 2 super fine - 400
It has 2 sheets of 220, 2 sheets of 320 and 1 sheet of 400
In 5 pack: 1 - 220, 2 - 320, & 2 - 400
probably--wet for around edge - i would use 600 grit
No.
This item contains a 12 volt washdown pump. It is not boat specific. It will work with any boat with a 12 volt dc battery/power supply.
The pump comes with all the mechanical connections. The only major component you have to supply is the 3/4 or 1 inch hose from source to pump and from pump to quick connect fitting. You will need hose clamps and stainless mounting hardware. I mounted in a piece of marine grade plywood, which I would recommend as a men's of absorbing vibration. You will need a hole saw for the quick connect fitting as well as silicone to seal the fitting once installed. You will need 10 gauge wire and watertight wire connectors as well as zip ties and an inline fuse. This is a great do-it-yourself Kit, but not recommended if you don't have at least a little experience with this type of work.
I installed it 6 months ago and it has worked flawlessly. It is designed to pump salt water which it does well, but I wouldn't expose it externally to salt or fresh water.
Marcus. Although mine is installed, I have not used it a lot, but you definately want to put it on a separate Switch and turn it off when not using. It is just for washdown during fishing or after heading back. It comes with a Switch and all the necessary parts, but I wired to my console panel switch. It needs water, not dry, or would definately keep running to try and build pressure and run down the battery. You could keep it on all the time, but in my case it shares the intake with the LIve Well and you cannot run both at the same time anyway. Hope that helps.
12 volts
Turns off automatically.
None at all. We are on city water though. I'm not sure if it would have a noticeable effect for those with a well.
Yes, I believe that it should. These filters are universal in size.
At purchase time it was listed for 30k gal. And it has done well so far, recomend the carbon block filter as well.
mirco fiber filters are for sediment. UV is for bacteria. I have no experience with fungus.
Flowrate through this housing is probably more limited by the allowed pressure drop and sediment reduction efficiency and the type of media used. Performance at various pressure drops and sediment reduction efficiencies for the EPM-20BB (the media used in my application) can be obtain at the following link: http://www.freshwatersystems.com/specifications/EPM%20Series%20Product%20Profile%20310076.pdf (may need to copy and paste this address to your browser). For example, the EPM-20BB would impose a pressure drop of 5 psi when a flow rate of 6 gpm is demanded and the media is clean (as sediment collects, the pressure drop at a given flow rate will increase). Hope this helps!
Hi C.R. Pentek does not offer a 20" Big Blue housing. Thank You, WaterFiltersOnline
The PENTEK DP Gage is sold for use with a specific filter housing, not the 20-BB style housing. A Mid-West Catalog No. 68405-00 DP Gage works great. But, first you need to understand what the pressure is on the inlet and outlet sides of your 20-BB filter. You will get 4 to 5 psi differential with a new filter; DP increases as your filter degrades over time. Install a tee with a 1" X 14 FNPT reducer at the inlet and outlet. Install an inexpensive 0-100 psig gage in each. Starting with a new filter, record the DP weekly, preferably on the same day. When you notice a difference in the water flow during evening water consumption, you've got the DP value you need to select a Mid-West DP gage. The DP at the time you "notice" the flow degradation, is the RED Transition Point (PSID). Select the DP Gage based on your Transition PSID value, remove the 0 - 100 PSIG gages, and install the appropriate DP gage. Hang on to your ) - 10 PSIG gages in case you decide to use a different style filter. Each filter type will degrade differently. Hence, different DP characteristics. It takes a little research and 1 filter cycle, then you can simply let the RED Zone do the reading for you. Cole Parmer sells the Mid-Western model DP gage you need. There is a table to choose from. Enjoy
Yes, and that will not affect their psi rating. They still will be safe at pressures less than 90 psi. However unless you plan to use a finer filter cartridge for the secondary filter, the primary filter will do all the work and the secondary filter will be of very little value. As a practical example a primary filter rated at 50 microns and a secondary at 10 microns would make sense. That way the primary would catch matter above 50 microns and the secondary would catch matter between 50 and 10 microns. Particles smaller than 10 microns would pass through the array. These are large filters, so most people just use one for the whole house. You will probably find that you need to change the cartridges every 6-12 months depending on how clean your water is.
These particular ones are made in Taiwan
The sediments are caught in the filter and stay in the filter, about every 6 months to 1 year you will need to change the filters.
Housing accommodates any 20 inch heavy duty filter cartridges with a 4 1/2 inch diameter.
I bought this one and it has worked very well for me:
Bill, Check the specifications (thread pitch and diameter) for the current filter your using, against the specs. of the filter you want to use. They may not be listed on Amazon, so be prepared to search the manuafacturers website or other online source.
I bought the bracket that is manufactured for the filter and the screws came with the bracket. They are a short lag type screw the thread right into the plastic. Exact size I'm not sure.
No residue for us we've been using it for several months now, semi-daily, on hard wood in a fitness studio. Be sure of the ratio of the concentrate to water, or maybe dilute a bit more and see how that goes. Overall, we've been very pleased with how this cleaner has worked for us.
I would think this should be fine. We use it to clean at a fitness center and place the mixed solution in a spray mop to clean our hardwood dance floor. We also use the mix in spray bottles for smaller clean-ups and it works great. Shouldn't be a problem in a larger bucket system, just dilute according to the instructions on the Bona packaging.
Im sure the manufacturer of your floormate says no, but I'd assume it would work okay, this is the concentrate version so you would want to mix it down appropriately first.
We have a Bona mop with a head that velcros onto it to clean the floors with.
I have engineered hardwood flooring & I use Bona Pro on them. It has not had any kind of adverse affect whatsoever on my floor & in fact, leaves a beautiful shine. VERY pleased with this product!
Yes, but this is a concentrate and must be diluted. I mix it as directed with water, put it in a spray bottle, spray it onto the floor, and use a flat Bona mop with a pad. And, you can use a bit full strength to remove stubborn marks from the floor. The directions on the bottle explain all this.
I use 10:1 or 8:1. It lasts. I just spray and mop from the larger bottle. PRIME sent on amazon; better than Target.
Well is a special Bona for laminate flooring, and is excellent for remove shoes marks, and dirt. I really think is more expensive the Bona for wood, and I don't switch but I don't think is a problem if you want expend more money. The Bona products are so good I don't think you need use the steam mop. And I think is a bad idea use the Bona whit a Steam mop. Only to don't start an accident or make the life of the steam mop shorter. I use a steam mop in the past for wood, but really the Bona make a to much better work. My steam mop is in the trash.
yes
No, there are no check valves or quick seal fittings. you get the manifold with gauges and hose adapter fittings, red-yellow-blue 1/4" flare fitting hoses, and a 3/8" flared hose for evacuation pump connection.
Out of the box, mine were 6 feet.
I use them for both r-22 and r-410a.
Yes, all four hoses are included. You will not go wrong with this gauge set. Excellent quality.
The 49967 is r22/404a/410a while the 49987 is r22/134a/404a. That is the only difference.
This comes with 60" hoses.
Get the set with the ball valves included. The price, as I remember, ended up being about the same. Get the hoses with the low loss fittings on the end. These fittings leak and spit liquid out every time they are removed. Its unavoidable. Yellow jacket makes some really great low loss hose fittings...
There are two evac hoses...one 3/8 and one 1/4.
Yes. I do big systems. Over 10 ton split system with this manifold. Cut down on vacuum time. It work well on a mini split system I install but I had a double condenser with five air handlers system. I did use the adaptor part no. 19175 yellow jacket.
They are supposed to be 800 psi. I have had 500 through mine with no problems.
Mounting plates are available for all makes and models atv's. All of them are custom fit for a specific machine. You may be able to mount the winch without it but the plate kit makes it much easier and has a clean factory look.
Yes it will fit a 250 recon. The mount is a separate item that is vehicle specific. They can be found at Cabela's and other outlets. Amazon may have the correct one. Install is pretty basic with the correct mount. Good luck
I have it on a Yamaha Rhino 660 side by side and it has worked well for me .
No it does not have a brake...
You will need a bracket. A mounting bracket will be required anyway if you intend to use this on an atv
KFI makes a specific winch plate for the Suzuki quad you have
After looking at the pics of your machine it should fit with some slight modifications. Some of the bolts may be to short to mount the farelead. check the fit prior to connecting the electrical. If the u bolts are two short you can purchase longer for a couple of bucks. Now the winch it self is a work horse. I stuck my wife's Honda Passport while hooked to our camper. I just pulled my wheeler up to a tree and double lined the winch cable and pulled it right out. Good luck.
Yes, it does include a roller fairlead.
Not sure but you will need a mounting plate. The best advice I can give you is to spring for a better winch. Mine gave out the 3rd time I used it. The switch burned out under normal use
No
The price you pay here on AMAZON includes everything. You will not incur any additional fees. Buy from the licensed healthcare practitioners and not AMAZON Prime to be sure you are getting the real deal.
NY state law. Speak to your local government. Currently they are against residents managing their own health by having access to DIY home testing such as this saliva hormone, urine neurotransmitter and buccal swab genetics tests.
they are clear, but i think to get a suggested course of action you should speak with a functional medicine doctor.
About 10-12 days.
Hi, Yes, you should include the order from your healthcare practitioner in the box with your samples that are mailed to Labrix.
Not for the standard tests listed in the product description. The lab does save your samples for like 25 days and you can buy additional testing which costs extra. I didn't find the test results to be terribly helpful, and my doctor questioned the validity of the results.
No, is a wall switch only
This is just a manual pull station that shorts two wires when pulled to cause an alarm. No battery inside.
not really, since it requires a duel action push-pull.
Yes
not yet
No way there is enough in here to fix a whole that big. You may want to just get some marine/boat epoxy or something to help fill in a hole that big, this is just 3 small putty sticks.
I found a product at Lowe's worked better, and matched the tub better. We had a hole that went through ours too.
I would guess that it would. You mix the two glays together, I use my finger and work it until correct color, I would think that if you used your finger to press clay into the hairline crack, waited to try then carefully sanded, that it would be fine.
It comes with 3 color mix putties, White, Brown and Bone.
It should work and will, probably last longer than mine did since there is not the pressure of walking on it.
Bathtub chip
This winch does not hold or lock in a position, you have to be winding or unwinding with the power button...example: if you lift the engine off the ground with the winch and let go of the "wind in" button the weight of the engine will unwind the winch...probably depending on the weight of the engine. I use it to pull small cars onto a car dolly and if I let off the button the car will roll backwards off the ramps...but it does work, just need to be carefull. I would use a better winch if you need to lift an engine off the ground and hold in that position...
Winch works on any 12v battery, so if you can design a mount for the winch, you can use it as long as system is 12v.
You can definitely take down trees with it depending on how it is rigged-up and within the capabilities of the particular winch. Just remember, unless you rig it not to do so, it will pull things tward it's soruce and make sure it doesn't plop all down on top of your arse, or the attachment point and winch. I used it to raise walls on a building I was constructing and it worked well for that as well, just make sure it is anchored well and you take into account the direction things are being pulled doesn't put you or your equipmewnt in danger. Snatch blocks, angle points,auxillary lines, and pullies make the possibilities endless.
I have a 3 section CB tower and with a dead man I had no trouble putting it up, the winch worked well.
Yes. Anchoring to an existing wooden structure is no problem. Just a few bolts needed.
I've had several of these. I have them permanently mounted on davits to raise a Seadoo and a canopy over a boat. I like them because they have power in and out and they are cheap. They sit out in the winter. The most trouble I've had has been with the controls... both the old kind mounted on the motor and the hand held kind which after a couple of winters outside need some help. I power them with 12 volt batteries on trickle chargers. I haven't had a problem with the winches themselves.
Depends what it weighs. It struggled to lift 350 lbs for me
Yes it is reversible but you might want to look at 12v hoists instead. They are rated for loads in both directions.
Yes you can find one for your atv on amazon as well. Mine has been uder water and stuffed with mud. Never any issues.
use it mainly for snow plow
It should work but check the specs on the Amazon site, should tell you all the models this works on.
My husband thinks it fits most models but to he sure he says to go to Dyson website.
I'm not sure about your model. I picked my fuse based on a youtube video showing how to repair the on/off switch. I would try that avenue to confirm it should work. Good luck!
If it looks the same, I would say it's worth a try. I looked at a website that sells Dyson parts and their print did not even show the switch as a parts option. My sister has called Dyson before and they even walked her through a repair while on the phone, so you might give them a call.
yes this is the same replacement for DC...07, 11,14,17,18,21,23,24,25,27,39 ,models...
Yes works perfectly my wife even installed it Super easy.
MY winch is rated 1,500 lbs. & that is stamped into the steel of the sideplate.
20 Ft.
3 slotted holes for mounting adjustment with one under spool. this works good for my 18 ft. bass boat, give it a try, well worth the money.
The gear ratio is 4 to 1. Four cranks of the handle is one turn of the drum. I have this mounted on my boat trailer for a 22 ft pontoon boat, and it does a fine job.
regular steel plated.
yes
cable will work fine
2.5 inches
the mounting base is 5 1/2 x 3 3/4 inches. And the height is 7 1/2 inches.
Yes as long if you can bolt solid to something an crank is free to turn.
Yes it does, and it functions like the one you're replacing. However - it won't fit in the space in the canister for the old one. It's too big. So you have to store it elsewhere which is annoying. So, not an exact replacement.
If it is a standard fitting I don't see why not
It fits any vacuum with a tube size of 1.23" or roughly 1-1/4" (31.24 mm - 31.75 mm). Also, it's friction fit, so no need to worry about buttons or tabs.
Inside diameter is 1 1/4". Outside diameter is 1 1/2"
I bought this to replace one I lost on my Oreck Buster B. The hose on it was also a standard replacement, and it fit perfectly. I measured the hose from outside to outside with a measure tape that has a tab on the end. It was about 1 3/16 as close as I could measure. I have read on here that it wouldn't fit some Eurekas. I have a Frankenstein Buster B, all different colors, but it still works.
Not on a bissel
it fits a standard hose fitting
All I know is it didn't fit my Kenmore progressive vacuum. I had to go to Sears and have them special order it for me.
check a regular vacuum. if your mini will fit into any the accessories that come with a regular vacuum, (brush, snoot, wand etc) it will work.
Works with Hoover windtunnel canister. Best to read description and recommendations for tool. You can always send it back if option is available.
It did not fit on miele vacuum. I tried on my old miele Solaris and newer miele Olympus, didn't work on either.
Measure the diameter of the hose from outer rim. If the distance is 1 3/16 then it should fit.
I have several brands of vacuums including a shop vac and this attachment has fit all of them. Hope this helps.
Yes it does, and I do use it a lot with my Bissell Zing Casnister Vaccum.
I have no idea what exact vac you have. This attachment fits every one that is the standard home style vacuum cleaner of all sorts. If you have a pipe end with an OD of 1.25" it will fit.
The INSIDE diameter of this brush is 1.25 inches; so you will need to check the OUTSIDE diameter of the tubing on your vacuum that will be inserted into the brush.
probably not, it didn't fit an LG Kompressor vacuum.
I assume so, but I have a Mighty Mite and it works well on my vacuum.
it will fit a 1-1/4" hose attachment, which is a standard size. Shop vac will use a 2" hose attachment, but I believe most central vacs use the 1-1/4" size. You can measure to make sure what size your hose is.
I am not familiar with a Fein vacuum. What we did was measure the width of the opening where the brush fits and ordered that size brush - works really well - we are very happy with the results.
Ours is a F6020-900. It is a different color than original. I can't really say because I do not know what the model #'s mean.
don't know
Yes
No
Be very careful to order the shorter hide listed. Mine is over a foot too long even though it was listed as a replacement part. Put the model number into Google and a parts list will be available.
It worked with my cleaner with no operational problem, that said, this replacement hose is about 2 Ft longer then the old one. This is good for its reach but it dose make it harder to coil up and store on the cleaner.
I no longer have the machine. I recall using a small philips screwdriver to remove the collar on the underside of the machine.
It is important to read CLOSELY the description. According to the manual, this hose was the correct one for my SteamVac. Unfortunately, it is over a FOOT too long and incredibly difficult to maneuver with my scrubber. Measure your current hose and then check to be sure the replacement matches it. I wish I had.
Yes, this hose is for all the F6 series Hoover Steam Vacs the old part number is 43436023 and the updated part number is 43436027 and the only difference between the two is color of the plastic.
Mine is a F6022-900 Series T 12.0 and it was a perfect fit.
Yes it does.
sorry, i don't know. however, you can check the part on http://www.appliancepartspros.com/01-f5832910-complete-parts-for-hoover-f5832910.html
Sorry, its only sold as a entire piece. Thank you
I purchased this hose for the F5869-900 model and it was very easy to install and works great. The only issue that we have experienced is that the hose is a little too long to wrap around the storage area. So when we store it the hose hangs off the back of the vac. Hope this helps.
Check for the type of hose connection to your machine. Mine is a F5853 that has an adapter plate on the hose that fits into the suction tank. My part number was 40309007. The models that my number fits are F5831 /33 F5853 /57 /60-63 /5909 Other models (maybe yours) has a direct hose connection and a plate adapter is not needed. Researched the part number in your photo and that hose will not fit the F5914-900. As per Hoover.com the part number for your machine is Model # 304042002. And of course they are out of stock. Check other vendors for that part number. Good luck.
No
Not that I am aware of. I would not recommend it either. I used 3 times and the hose ripped. :-(
i'm not sure about the purple and green. Ours is purple and gray, but the model number is DC07, so it sounds like this hose will work on your machine.
The dimensions are: 2-inch soft rubber wheel caster with 3/8-inch by 16 by 1-1/2 inch threaded stem. The diameter is 3/8-inches. As I recall, the 16 refers to the number of threads per inch. The larger the number, the finer the threads. A 16 thread is a coarse thread. The stem length is 1-1/2 inches.
I always try to follow the manufacturer's advice when it comes to weight limits. I learned the hard way that rubber wheels can develop flat spots if the wheeled item sits in one place for too long, as with a wheeled pantry. Too much weight can also affect the performance. The wheel sort of drags, probably because of the pressure on the axle.
Hi: 2 1/2" Maybe &lt;1/64th inch over that if you need extreme accuracy. This is floor to mating surface.
I am not sure, I just bought these for my dishwasher and they fit in the holes very snug. I would just drill the holes on each leg slightly smaller than these and try twisting them in but I'm no expert.
It's 3/4" wide. The wheel surface is smooth, but it grips the floor tiles very well. The wheel rolls smoothly and is very quiet.
No. It smells clean without lingering or being overpowering or chemical-ish. You can dilute it to suit your needs.
it definitely has a smell... I don't think it's that strong. it definitely isn't chemical smelling like a bleach.
I cannot say for certain, but you could take the precaution of spraying your shrubbery and grass and thoroughly wetting them before you apply the product, and when you are done come back over and thoroughly spray off the shrubbery and grass again. This should stop the product from sitting on the plant during application and wash off and dilute any product that remains on the plant after you are done cleaning.
Not sure. It works well for most cleaning items. I paid about $16 here, then found out, the same product is less than $10@ Homedepot. I now buy it @ homed. Careful, don't spray up under siding, it has no way to dry out.
I've used it on my granite turntable and other granite items without any difficulty, I would not hesitate to use it on a granite countertop.
this is one of the best cleaners around and above all it is not harmful to pets. if the tub is especially stained i put some cleanser on the stain and then spray or pour some simple green on it. if you have animals that spray or cause an oder you can wash it with simple green.
Okay, I checked the orange big box store and found one in a different shaped bottle. it was a little more than 11 bucks. BUT the big difference is the dilution! That 1 gallon bottle made 21 gallons of cleaner. This one gallon jug makes 64 gallons of solution! That's 3 times more.
Like all cleaners it'll disinfect the areas that are properly cleaned and agents like salmonella and ecoli removed.
when I shampoo my carpet I use the simple green with better results than with the recommended rug doctor shampoo as far as mold I don't know when im killing mold I use a bleach/water solution
Simple Green is non-abrasive and non-corrosive. Should work well for this purpose. You should wipe the surface after spraying just to take off the dirt and leave a clean surface.
Per Sanitaire, the cleaning path is 12 in - here is a link for your reference: http://www.sanitairevac.com/Cleaning-Products/Upright/SC888K/
Yes there is an adjustment dial to move the bristles up and down it goes from very high to low I have not tried it on the high setting to see if it contacts the carpet or not but my carpet is pretty flat
No
Someone who repairs vacuum cleaners. If you live close to Amarillo, TX I can be more specific.
It's very simple, I love it! You pull off the top that is attached over the bag, lift the bag out, fold it and put it in the trash. To put the new one on is just as easy!
I think so. I have tried many vacuums. This one is unparalleled in power and suction capacity. Does not reduce with time. Make sure to get extra bags to change from time to time.
We've had ours for a few years now. It's stronger, less expensive and easier to use than other vacuums than other we have owned in the past. I don't know about gravel but for vacuuming its all good.
It does not fit the on board holder perfectly. It will set in the slot but if you bump It, it falls off. The original ones seemed more secure to me but these do stay on most of the time.
Plastic with bristles on end
It is rigid.
Indeed, yes it's 1-1/4"
use 1 and 2 together-2 is for shine button top(outside top) 1 is for outer ring of snap that is inside use marine screw in or use 3 and 4 together - 3 is for inside ring of inside( sure fit inside 3 die , it will hold it) 4 - is for flat back of snap( inside backside)
Not rivets. The pliers included are a "vise grip" pliers. no accommodation for pop rivets. I have a separate rivet tool.
I have used it to create boat covers so I feel sure that it will. The only thing that I caution you about is that you purchase high quality (probably marine/stainless steel) snaps.
Yes. The kit includes dies for 3 different size rivets, 3 different size eyelets and 2 sizes of snaps. The kit also includes 3 dies for punching holes. I used the kit on leather to repair my motorcycle riding gear. It was very easy to use even in double layered leather.
This kit comes with 1/4 & 5/16" grommets..., it does not contain the die to install 1/2" grommets.., it does work well though - so if you could find the 1/2" die to fit the vice grip pliers included in the kit - it would do the job nicely
Yes it's a awesome tool really pleased with my purchase
does not make the whole, replaces many different types of snaps
Yes, the Rivet tool kit can handle that size.
it worked great on leather also with canvas i made a cover for my boat and did the seats it has any attachment that you might need
This will not fit a Miele vacuum, as a Miele vacuum uses 35mm inner diameter attachments. You would need an adapter to allow it to fit.
It should work with any vacuum. If the nozzle is a different size you could use some quick removing blue painters tape to seal it up to your vacuum, then easily remove the tape once done. This tool really isn't very good though. There has to be something better out there. It's a little too wide to fit between some refrigerator elements and it collapses when clogged. When that happens you have to unclog it or it doesn't work at all. I would not have bought this product if I knew then what I know now.
imho, it won't work well on any vac. it fit my kenmore canister (& i believe panasonic makes the kenmores, or at least some), but its construction leaves something to be desired; the part that fits over the wand is inside the flexible part, which significantly lessens the space for suction & creates an edge that catches debris, instead of allowing it to flow thru. now, i bought this some time ago, so perhaps they have addressed this issue...u should be able to tell from an enlarged pic.
nope!
No, sorry this will not fit on any Shark vacs. Shark diameter on their hoses are different than other vacs.
No, it does not fit the Shark vacuum. Simple way to check to see if it will fit your vacuum is to measure the inside diameter of an existing attachment. The ID needs to be 1 1/4" for this tool to fit as well.
Depends on the fridge coil spacing. Crevice tool is 1/2" thick.
It's actually 2 hard plastic ends attached to a flexible rectangular tube. A side view would be better. I can't figure out how to add pics. The flexible piece is 17.5". The crevice tool is approx 2"(+1" inside the tube). The vacuum hose end is 4.25"(+1" inside the tube). Total length 23". The outside dimensions of the tube are approx 1 1/8" x 1/2". It works great for dust, lint, etc., or reaching larger things that you just want to grab...not suck up.
No, this will only fit vacuum cleaners that accept 1 1/4" id attachments.
You will need an adapter. This tool is 1.25 inch diameter.
I don't understand the word "bight". Do you mean height? The roller bristles are designed to brush the carpet just enough to loosen dirt of small objects and be sucked into the vacuum bag. If the bristles are too long the belts can burn out, and if the bristles too short the roller needs to be replaced. It's important that you get the correct roller brush for your model which will have correct bristle height.
yes, my unit is a type 7, model xl2200rspkr, built in 1992. very happy with the new brush. works much better now. i was getting ready to junk it, but not now!!
I have had burnt odor in my Orek when the roller is not rolling. I have addressed the issue by taking the roller out and removing all the hair and other stuff stuck in it. Ensure that the roller rolls freely, else when the belt rubs against the roller, creating burning smell.
You will need to go on line and google your brand and it will tell you. Or look at your sweeper and compare the side by side.
I think so. This has brushes on the ends also which is much better.
no, it will not
I believe it will. There's only two different Oreck rollers. One is 11/ 1/2 inches and the other is more than 12 inches long
I have an XL. It is 14 years old. It fir that fine. Don't know about the 2200.
I looked at the vacuum with that model number and it looks like it would work for that model.
no , don't really no , sorry
No.
Yes
I don't know that model of vacuum cleaner. I will give you this hose, it won't work for my vacuum. My email is wright.meredith@gmail.com
That is the model I have; it fits and vacuums well.
What did your previous hose look like. It has to look exactly the same.
Yes. It comes in an Electrolux box. Exact replacement.
Mine came in an Electrolux box and works great
this hose fits my vacuum which is Epic series 6000 SR.
This hose will come in Beige and will fit the old Electrolux model G canister vacuum. However the electricity will not work. The old style model G had a pigtail on the machine end of the hose to connect to the canister. Even though this listing is no from Electric Vac LLC you can find the pigtail version by searching item number B005S9IOAQ on Amazon. Thank you.
This hose will come in Beige and will fit the old Electrolux model G canister vacuum. However the electricity will not work. The old style model G had a pigtail on the machine end of the hose to connect to the canister. Even though this listing is no from Electric Vac LLC you can find the pigtail version by searching item number B005S9IOAQ on Amazon. Thank you.
Thank you for letting me know.
No - the nozzle end is 1 3/8. You can get a part number for your maching then come back here and search that.
I'm not sure of the part number but it fit my vacuum perfectly!
This hose was a bust as far as I'm concerned and I could not find ANYTHING comparable to what it the original vacuum came with. It was wwwwwaaaaaayyyyy too long, and the connector piece is a 90 degree angle attachment, which is a complete debacle in terms of allowing the uber long hose to rest in the C or U clip in which it's designed to "store until needed" I should have returned it immediately.
To my knowledge , No , there is not a capatible connection.
It did
I've the 3684F but I think they're the same.
Yes it does.
I've the 3684F and it fits.
-Flexibility is similar to the factory-provided hose. (It does NOT bunch up like an accordion.) -Length is 6-12" Longer -Fits like a GLOVE - snaps right into place. It's like having a whole new vacuum cleaner.
Honestly, I don't know. My vacuum model was called "the Boss" and it fit perfectly. It is a better hose than the original that came with my vacuum. The Mighty Mite looks like my Boss. If your vacuum uses the MM bags, it should fit.
I would suggest you use Amazon's own reference system to find out. If the vacuum hose attach point is set up for a dual hooked collar with an extended internal hose section, then probably yes. Other option: Check online with Eureka and cross check part numbers between this hose and the hose in question. My Eureka is a model 3670, so...probably it will fit. Cross check with the manufacturer to be certain.
No, it is not the same model when the image is enlarged. The enlarged image is missing the Serpentine Belt. Last time, when I ordered this Kenmore 14" roller, the first parts delivery had the same problem without the Serpentine Belt. The vendor re-shipped the correct one to me without any charge after my complaining with the parts picture.
it fits & it have new bearings install in the ends , but there is no groove for the belt drive in. actually the pictures show on amazon not exactly like the part I received
We bought it on another recommendation that it was redesigned. It seems to be working fine. We have had it several weeks and it is running smoothly. My husband had the same question. Good luck. Hopefully you can return it if you have any problem.
I work but not like exactly picture show, there is no groove for the belt drive
I don't know if it will fit your model. I read some of the other responses and I had the dame problem as the first reviewer. It does not have the groove needed for my kennmore canister.
You have to remove the screws are under the roller carpet and remove the tap, after that you are going to see black belt and the old roller, both need to come up at the same time, and you ready to replace the new roller, good luck, I hope that help a little bit. Advise, if this going to be the first time to remove the old roller please take a picture how all have to came back in the correct place to operate properly, you can do it!!!.
I'm not sure..........our part number was the same, and our roller looked identical! I know that so far it has worked perfectly....we've had no problems...
customerservice@TidyVac.com
If after you place the order, email us to let us know, and we will make sure that you receive the brush with the serpentine pulley
Double check for part number here: http://www.searspartsdirect.com/partsdirect/index.action . Mine was the same, but missing edge brushes so I returned it. Found it on ebay.
I don't really know. I think it's advertised as fitting all the Hoover steam vacs but I have the F7425-900 so I don't know about your model.
I dont remember the # on mind, but when I got it, It was actually a different color and I thought it would not fit. However there was a note enclosed that said they changed the style, but it would fit. This tank fits better than the original
My machine is 10 years old and it fitted perfectly on it. I hope this helps
I have an old model F7222-900 so if yours looks anything like mine, I would say it will work. And It works great by the way. The old handle snaps on perfectly. I feel like I have a new machine. Going to use it today.
not sure about the model number but the tank is just like the original. it's very durable.
Fits like new, both units are now one,easy to place in the cleaner
Judging by a look at the tank parts diagram for that model, yes it will fit.
Yes
If your referring to the screw tops. Yes they both do come with the tank. The two tanks are a 1 piece unit now as well. Just thought I would point that out too. I've had no issues with the one I purchased yet. Hope this helps.
Hi Terry, Mine is a F7431-900. I looked up both your and my Hoover model numbers on a different web site for the part number for the tank, they both show part number 440006633 which is Hoovers part number. It is of course your decision but based on that info I believe it will work on your carpet cleaner. I used my new tank a few days ago and it fit and functioned perfectly. I assumed your model is F7411-900. Hope this helps.
Yes,it is strong enough.....depending on the surface of the dash and the surface of what you want to hold.
I use anywhere from a pea to a marble sized amount to items to my walls. It is thick and and I pinch off a bit, stretch and roll it into a ball so it gets tacky and it works well. When you need to take it off the walls you just pinch off another bit and use it to pick up what's stuck to the wall.
I'd never use it alone to hold anything heavier then paper poster, etc. I do use it to keep picture frames level.
NO! It's a useless product. I am a schoolteacher who used it for awhile until my colleagues and I noticed that it doesn't keep anything up on the walls for long. The quality of this product has diminished in the last five years. I stopped ordering it, as it is a waste of money. I called the company to complain and all they did was send me more of the same. Don't buy it.
no, it's relatively harmless to stained wood.
Cork is questionable. There are varying degrees of cork. The cork with the least powdery type finish would be best. If the surface is very clean , the opportunity for Blue to stick will be the best. Good luck.
Marcia, I have always been able to support heavy posters and some other decorative items. Anchoring items in four corners or areas assures the best success. Also, this product has enough resiliency to stay up for a good amount of time. When removing it, gently roll it off the surface, don't simply pull. Hope this is helpful. Barb W.
not lockable. Bolt pattern? don't understand what you're asking. swiveling wheels go on front, stationary wheels on back. As for bolt pattern, I can only point out that many holes on the underside of platform did not accurately match the holes for the wheel attachment. Bolts fell out left and right all over the place. Made in China and piece of junk.
The bed dimensions are 25" wide and 36" long
the actual Weight On This Platform Truck Is 35.71 Pounds UPS Shipping Weight Is 35.80 Pounds. Comes In A Brown Box And Is secured With Two Straps.Item Seems To Be Very Strong And The Wheels Have To Be Attached To The Body. You Can Put The Wheels On front Or back Depending On Weather You want To Push Or Pull The Cart. there Is No right Or wrong way.
It depends upon what you mean by the word "guarantee." You can return any item to the dealer. If you are referencing is it guaranteed to perform as described, the answer is most definitely. I have put that to the test. I find the cart heavy for me (about 30 lbs) and the handle is a bit short for my height, but I love its maneuverability. It's exceptionally well made. I have used it in my yard, for transporting bulky items for a marketing booth and large items for class projects. It folds and unfolds easily. I would highly recommend a couple of bungee cords to assist when transporting your items.
Yes you can. Looking @ the Handle to the Flat Bed Truck, you will find a Bar running along the Entire Side of the Bottom from Left to Right. In order to Fold the Handle Down, all you have to do is to Genteelly place your Foot in the Middle / Center of the Bar located @ the Very Bottom of the Handle, and Genteelly Press Down as far as you can on the Bar with your Foot, and then Fold the Handle Straight Down going in the Direction of the Flat Bed Platform of the Flatbed Hand Truck.
No it is not. The base of the swivel casters is 3 1/2" by 5". The base of the non swivel casters is 3 1/4" by 4 7/8". Noted that the bolt holes are the same.
No, but you could wrap (long) bungees around and hook them together from underneath or on top of cargo.
I have a cart that I used for moving and use to move boxes around etc. I have never had this sound in mine but I would suggest contacting sparco themselves - also you probably have a warranty on it. If the sound comes from the wheels, it could be the bearings.
It doesn't really foam IMO. My kids use it and I use it in trays. It doesn't list glycerin bit does have calcium glycerophosphate as one of the 5 ingredients (the other 4 are water , xylitol, cellulose gum and grapefruit seed extract).
I don't believe it is clear at the company website. If you want xylitol from "U.S. hardwoods only" you can google that. There are a couple companies that have clearly stated claims that no corn is used in their products. You may not find a children's toothpaste but you can always get a bag of xylitol (crystals) and mix up some in a bit of water to brush teeth. Works just fine for small ones and will not cause any harm if swallowed. I personally use this product because my child doesn't swallow it. All our other xylitol products (gum, candy, bagged crystals, etc) come from one of the companies I alluded to above.
Yes. It is a gel. Not as thick as a toothpaste. But it works just fine on the toothbrush. Just a mild sweet taste. No need to rinse but I have my little ones practice rinsing to remove any food particles. The gel itself is actually quite good to leave in the mouth because the harmful bacteria cling to it and wash out of the system when swallowed.
Yes it dies.
This scale has a hold feature. It will hold peak weight.
It doesnt matter wht is starts ut with when you turn it on, you just click the scale you want and it stays there every time you turn it back on. Very simple, and very good. Nice scale.
It seems to be really close I have been measuring from 135 LBS down to 10 LBS and I am happy with it
Hi, No this scale does not have auto hold. You need to manually press the hold button. So for your application I would say no. Ed
Without hooks about size of your hand I've never measured it and I'm out of town or I would
I do not have a convenient method to determine if this scale weighs beyond 220 lbs but I doubt it goes to 440 lbs. I use it to measure a pull up to 160 lbs and it is an excellent product.
I am not sure but it weighs me and i'm around 300 lbs. so I would go with the 440
Yes
The scales are digital. Calibrated. Weighs uo to 300kg. Battery power! 2 AAA Hope this helps.
This scale is not NTEP, so it cannot be used as legal for trade. I am not aware of any other certification that can be used for accuracy. It is fairly accurate though. I haven't had any problem with the weight results.
I have a very old Hoky that I love. I decided to get another one and the brush keeps coming off. I was very disappointed in it. It cleans great as long as the brush stays on. I don't use it on my hardwood floors, I only use it on carpet even though I have a lot of hardwood. I find a microfiber dry mop works best on dust and I use my reg vac for the hardwood floors. Hope that helps.
Bought it several months ago...didn't seem to pick up any dirt. Don't remember hock got it back into the carton. Never bothered to return it...in my garage on a shelf.
The Hoky sweeper is good on carpets is not good on hardwood floors
I do not know, but the instruction booklet should have the number or address for contacting the company.
Nanci, we have used our HOKY Rotor Brush Sweeper for years on all type of flooring. No issues.
Dry
Yes they do!
no, I screwed them into existing inserts.
It must be for all four. If for each that would mean the cart could hold over a ton and that would be too much for each shelf to handle.
This is our standard shipping rate.
4 casters
I'm not so sure if this are really Rubber Wheels? why? simply because if they really were Rubber they would be FLAT couldn't hold the weight put on them. I use them everywhere, I have not had marks or scratches on my floors I use them on cement and on Laminate floors. no problems on my side. But like the law of things? try it on a piece of what ever you are going to use them on and see for yourself. I'm very happy with how they work and hold the weight and they do not go flat if left on the same spot a long time. I have not moved the shelves for a period of 8 months the last time and when I moved the rack it rolled. :) hope it helps...
Yes. It is 3/8" with 16 thread per inch. The stem size is 3/8"-16 X 1"
Yes - they are 3/8 x 16 and not the finer 24 threads per inch. Works on the Costco racks. These are difficult to find. Not available in Home Depot, Lowes or Tractor Supply which all supply the finer thread. Wish they would put that info on the sales add. How's one to know??
The 15ml tubes are almost 12cm long, 1.2cm diameter without the lid, the lid is 2cm.
My 15ml tubes measure 11/16" or 1.5cm in diameter. Hope this helps...
Yes
About 8 inches tall
Without looking, it is approximately 1" to 1 1/4" give or take a bit...It is in my classroom and I am at home... :( Hope this helps!
29 mm interior diameter, size 9 stopper
surely it is safe but I think a beaker makes a better drinking glass
I have not done this, but the flasks are borosilicate (pyrex type) glass and I would assume that they are.
The smallest flask is about 3" tall, and the largest is about 12". The other 3 range between those 2 sizes.
Mine came with the stoppers - I was very pleased with my purchase!
Hi..I bought them for my daugher who was 7 at the time. She wanted to play with water and food coloring and pretend she was a scientist which I loved. The flasks seem like they are "real chemistry" flasks. Good quality. I don't have exact measurements but I'm going to guess that the big one is about 6-8 inches in height.
1". It would be wide enough for 3-4 thin stems but they would only stand straight up. Most vases allow for stems to lean to sides which creates a wider spray of flowers.
They are pretty much exactly 5 inches tall so about 12.7 centimeters.
20 mm
No but I would. I love that Oxiclean eliminates unwanted odors and my laundry detergent puts back in the smells I love. If you're not interested in the smells that detergents have, I've found that Oxiclean cleans clothes perfectly even all by itself.
I think it might do very well at that task. I suppose it depends on the type of grout it self, although I have to guess that grouts might be pretty similar in composition. I'd try mixing up a solution of oxi and hot water (oxi works best with warm/hot water) and scrubbing the grout with that solution using a small brush. Do just a small area initially to see how well it works, and if the mixture damages the grout at all. I've used grout cleaners in the past that were so strong that the caused the the grout to fall apart. I would rather has dirty grout than NO grout, you know? Oxi might just be a perfect grout cleaner, although I've never used it for that task.
I have a composite deck. Get a 5 gallon bucket and a short bristled deck brush, add 4 ounces to 2 gallons of water and start scrubbing. You might want to sprinkle some OxiClean on a moist deck first and start the scrubbing process a few hours after.
There is a perforated strip on top. Just pull it off
Oxy clean is most effective in cold water, as hot water tends to set stains in more and oxy clean with cold water helps remove those same stains.
I haven't noticed any change over the years, I primarily use the powder formulas. I did try the gel laundry booster, and didn't think it was as effective as the powder formulations. It wouldn't be out of the question for a formula to change, though. Companies alter formulas on occasion for a variety of reasons. Many car waxes have changed the formulas over the years to meet clean air standards in large States where they sell lots of product. Rather than have two two product mixes, they simply one with less solvent then the product have before, like unfinished did.
I don't have a he machine myself, so I probably follow the machine's instructions regarding preloading procedures. I would also make sure to test OxiClean on on a small, hidden area of any material before cleaning an entire surface with it.
I have never tried to use OxiClean on anything other than fabric (clothing, carpet, etc). Sorry.
The filter paper is only described as "fast." I would guess the pore size is something like 50-100. I must also say that I never received the rubber filter aid, even after emails and phone calls to Houston, yet they continue to sell it. However, the flask and buchner are a bargain at this price. I used a piece of rubber I had lying around.
It is between 250 and 500mL, I will have to check when I have it in front of me
Depends on what you're pumping and your pump. I use a teflon coated diaphragm gel pump for distilling ethanol off mash. The pump barbs will have an outside diameter for your hose as well as the barbs on the vacuum flask.
I bought a set of rubber adapters for the set. Large funnels do no work well with the disc.
If the sediment is composed of particles large enough to be stopped by the filter paper yes. If not then you might look into other filter mediums like activated carbon.
Yes, different filtering speeds are available. "Qualitative" is relatively fast filtering. Others have tighter openings and filter more slowly with a higher recovery.
An autoclave would be best, followed by a pressure cooker. The rubber seal seems like it would hold up to the heat/steam but that's purely a guess. Have not tried it personally.
On anazon
no
Top is 50mm, bottom is 42mm, length is 25mm. 1 inch 25.4 mm.
Not sure off the top of my head, but maybe this or a similar chart can help. http://www.sciencecompany.com/Black-Rubber-Stoppers-Size-Chart.aspx
There was only 1 stopper, though the picture shows a variety. I bought it for a replacement piggy bank stopper, but it was very heavy and much too large
You get 1. They give the diameters (small and large end) so measure the opening you want to fill to figure out which one you need.
Over all length of the entire pipette is 16". If you measure from the end the 25mL starts at 5 7/32" and the 1.5mL mark ends at 14 7/16", if you're going to need smaller measurements pick up a 1mL pipette too.
Small, but they are a snug fit in the appropriately sized pipettes pump. They are a s
Hey David, This is a scientific tool. I use it for my aromatherapy business. The tip is not wide, it is tapered. It fits into a 16mm opening bottle at the top. Home that helps! mk
OD 9.92 mm or .390 inch ID 6.82 mm or .268 inch Measured with digital calipers
7.250" +/- .060"
It is made of Flint glass. (Google it) I believe you can use it for food as long as it has never been used with chemicals. However, I would not use it for food stuff. While the lead in it is chemically bound and will not leach out, parts of it (primarily the stem) could easily be broken. It's not really for the kitchen. Get a set of plastic or metal funnels.
The funnel has a fairly narrow opening, perhaps no more than 1/4". I think that fine sand would fit through just fine if it was completely dry and one poured it slowly. I don't know about coarse sand or wet sand. I hope this helps. I haven't tried sand--I use liquids with this funnel.
A standard coffee filter properly folded seems to work well for me, at worst case I double them up with opposing folds
If you are looking for something heat resistant I would skip this and instead getting a borosilicate funnel (also known as Pyrex).
No, they did not
You only get 1. I didn't notice that before but they should probably change that
Not sure I understand the question. There is an attachment that allows you to controllably pull in liquid and dispense the desired amount.
The 10 is on top.
Not sure if they are all the same, but the one I got measures 0.395" OD.
It's right about 14" in length.
I think so -- but I bought the gowns so long ago for someone else and am not sure.
We bought the patterned ones.
Yes, and it ties up nicely.
Oops (I had purchases 3 different sets ) this one has one tie at the back and on the side, so you wrap it around and tie on the side, this is the one the Hospice Nurses loved and wanted to order
None. I actually had to return mine. And they were very difficult to deal with.
The vac hose is 1 1/2" X 12' Toolrage Customer Service
Very much so. I have a Shop-Vac and a brand x. Shop-vac is much better. I would buy again.
No.
yes
I have had my shopvac for a few years now and really like it. I actually have two different ones and the ShopVac model is by far the better unit. I think it would be fine to vacuum your yard with this. I guess the turf is glued down and this will not pull that up. If the turf is loose, just don't put the nozzle right on the grass.
Sorry to reply the answer is Yes . The company has discontinued the product so the supply is hard to find.
Yes. I found it was definitely low foam. The inclination is to use more because of low foam. I have terrible dry mouth from meds and now use it intermittently with regular toothpaste. Also, I found using the Biotene toothpaste WITH the Biotene mouthwash really helped the dry mouth. Good luck!
I'm not sure what the "improved" PH is, but it says original mint flavor, and seems to be the Biotene I first used several years ago. It isn't a gel, it's the original white toothpaste. Besides the flavor and gentleness, I prefer it because it doesn't have coloring added (like the blue gel formula does).
The bristles of the brush are fiberglass and will scratch polished soft metal surfaces. I use mine to scratch the oxydation off of soft copper PC board circuits to prepare them for soldering. Iron-clad soldering iron tips are meant to be sacrificial to some degree. Clean them with a damp sponge when hot to quench ash off of them. Immediately re-tin with solder. This fiberglass brush could be a reasonable tool to use on a cool iron tip but, I would choose using a steel wire wheel on a bench grinder (carefully) for the job.
It is probably the equivalent of 1000 grit. It might smooth paint but much finer than grits used on wood.
Yes
No
I don't know about Nickel; it will do so on copper and steel.
If you look at the other answer on here, they give a part number for refills. You can also look at "frequently bought together" or further down the area with related purchases. I found these for you. This is a tray of 24 refills for this part number. http://www.amazon.com/Scratch-Brush-Refills-Fiberglass-Pack/dp/B005ISQAFI/ref=pd_sim_hi_4
Consider it like using fine steel wool for removing oxidation without the metal contamination. I use it to clean a repair site before soldering a printed circuit board.
There are replacements from Euro Tool PN: BRS-294.01. They used to be sold on amazon but it doesn't look like they are available right now. They are 1.25 inches long and an exact replacement for this brush.
Yes, I've used it in my Bissell and it's fine. The only problem is computing the right amount to use. I called the company and they suggested using a quarter cup but that was way too much. We cut it down to half of that as lt was leaving a sticky residue on the carpet. And, very important, I found going over the carpet with just plain water in both compartments removes not only a lot more dirt, but also a lot of the residue that that any shampoo leaves. The carpets stay clean longer that way. This product did a great job and so far I'm not seeing any stains coming back through. It's worth the extra effort.
Yes fresh menty smell, not very strong or irritating
Hello simple green has several products perhaps they also have household cleaner as well.Anyone know what stores carry simple green brand please tell me?! Ok so I do have this item I think you could make it work really dillute it in water or maybe just have another spray bottle filled with water and another towel to pick up smells and residue. Please let me know how it works because I want to clean a whole bathroom...thanks
I only used it on carpet but it has no residue or smell. The best stuff ever.
1/2 cup in one gallon. For tough stops no extra treating... just concentrate your effort. Dries fantastic... super clean.
At this time 200 cfm per Shop Vac website, although this number is likely not attainable. Anyway it has a lot of suction for its size, make sure you have the deflector in place to avoid damage to the filter or bag. Due to design constraints for portability the inlet is close to, and aimed directly at the filter. I find the cartridge filters clog much faster than bags resulting in loss of suction, especially with fine particulate like drywall dust, I believe this is true with any shop vac. The 5.5 horse model is rated at 195 cfm , most individuals would not notice a difference. For low cost portability and power these are good choices but consider using a bag if you find your cartridge filter is clogging too fast resulting in loss of adequate suction for the materials you are sucking. (shopvac website) https://www.shopvac.com/wet-dry-vacs/vac-details.aspx?vacId=249&vacSKU=587-25-10
Never tried it? I have used it to blow up an air mattress.
Dry vac
When I purchased mine in 2014, the Lowes 5.5HP model had a 1.25 inch hose and the 6.5HP (5872510) had a 1.5 inch hose. I really like the 1.5 inch hose on the 5872510, but I don't think it is the QuattroFlex. Now, the Lowes website is claiming their 5.5HP model has a 1.5 inch hose. I don't know if Lowes now has a different model or if there is a mistake on the Lowes website. The 6.5HP model also includes a plastic wall mounting bracket that I didn't use. If the 5.5HP model now uses a 1.5 inch hose, it seems like it might be a good deal.
I DONT KNOW , BUT I AM SURE THAT WILL WORK FOR THAT!
There are no wheels on this vacuum.
It was for me
Hose is inch and a half
Just the 12v power cord
Either way...
Should work unless you have some bizarre flash hider / muzzle brake. I had to remove my Krink KX3 (fire pig) flash hider on one of mine to make it work but a .22 is a .22 otherwise.
It is not real bright in daylight, especially sun. So I would not try it at an outdoor range at any distance. For rifles, it is best to use dim light conditions like dawn and dusk and I have used it on a rifle at about 30 yards to get the scope onto the bore. You will still need to fine tune the scope at a range but you will waste a lot less ammo. For the handgun, I have used it in daylight at about 50 feet and it was easily visible. I used it to align a clip on laser with the bore. And range testing verified that it worked well.
I think it will, the end piece that goes into the barrel is expandable and may cover the 5.7mm size. The laser comes with several end adapters for you to chose from.
I'd say mine is accurate to within 40-50 feet. Good for a pistol or a shotgun, maybe a bull pub rifle. Outside that you can literally twist the sight and watch the red dot make a circle on the wall so I don't think they are very aligned within the housing. However at the distance I mentioned above you can get sighted in decently. Highly suggest if using to approximate the point of aim, that you follow up with a trip to a range to fine tune it.
Yes it comes with arbors for .22 all the way up to 12 GA shotgun.
What you're experiencing is completely normal for a red laser.
It would work just not well at all. Wouldn't recommend it for any gun
They are plastic
No it can't. This does not work well. Can't be used in pistol with 2in barrel
http://www.amazon.com/Energizer-LR44-1-5V-Button-Battery/dp/B00IHICPV4/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1426507485&sr=8-3&keywords=lr44+batteries
You also purchase the base
grab the black piece in one hand and the yellow piece in the other hand, twist the black piece to the left when loose extend the handle
Below all products on amazon, you should see a highlighted comment in blue: "Read full product description." Here you will find the following: Features an extendable handle length from 48 to 72-inches"
Yes, it is telescopic and holds very firmly after being adjusted. We use it several times a week and it works well.
ABS Plastic
No.
I don't believe it is waterproof, but I would use it as a cutting board-for light produce and such. It is bamboo like wood-light weight- nice to move around. I would recommend wood oil or bamboo oil on the product before hand. It might be a little too talk for what you're looking for-I hope that helps!
I have a fruit basket on top of mine, with breads on the 2nd shelf n 3 bottles of wine-I believe it would hold your coffee pot depending on the size of the base- I do not move my cart-it remains in one place.
No
I would think so. The shelves measures around 12 x 13 and around 8" high.
Yes, It sure does. Inside measures: 11.5 X 11.5 and 2 3/4 ins. deep For light items only.
Yes
Never did this, but it sits next to our range and I wouldn't think twice about resting a large filled stockpot on it, I guess that's about the same thing.
Alittle over 4 foot tall I have my roster sitting on mine it is a good height
Mine are made in China.
Yes
I have had mine for about 8 months and had no problems with the battery.
The squeaking is relatively normal. It should smooth out the more you use it, and subsequently squeak less. As for the .02mm increments, this is abnormal.
Uses CR2032. I bought 2 of these and both came with a spare battery
Hard, plastic case.
You can perfectly do it by yourself
mine works pretty good, sometimes I get measurements 1 mil off but I'm pretty sure it might be an error on my side, check if amazon can replace it.
HI I don't know the anwser to the warrenty but here is the suppurt site e-mail site for you .to post your ?.
The case that came with mine was plastic.
330 lbs
8 3/4 inches at the lowest position. 29 3/4 inches at the highest position.
Table dimensions: 27-1/2"L x 17-3/4"W
Table dimensions: 27-1/2"L x 17-3/4"W
Seems to me like it was made of nylon or something similar, mine is not exposed to UV rays so I can't testify to it holding up
I believe the width was around 1 inch, length was around 36". although the mounting brackets were cheap and broke pretty easy. I would not buy again.
It has a D-Ring that you put the strap through and double back and velcro to secure the strap to itself.
either nylon or plastic, but it seems sturdy enough.
i used them to hold a marine battery in place. They were plenty long for that.
The strap was a one inch strap. So I believe they are about 1 1/2 . Actually i was not impressed with the bracket. To light duty for me. Broke second use
I bought terapump non spill bottle caps....like ones you see on 5gallon water bottles
It does not have a handle, unfortunately. Since it's glass it is heavier than the blue plastic bottles, clearly and that makes it more of a challenge to deal with when it's full.
Yes there is a five gallon version. In the search box on Amazon type in 5 gallon glass carboy. It should come up.
I bought a ceramic dispenser works great I also got it on amazon
The one that I bought does have kind of a grid pattern but I purchased my bottle quite a while ago. I'd recommend asking the vendor before you buy if this is important to you.
The link for this item currently takes me to a different seller than when I bought the bottle over two years ago, but if you look at the product description for the bottle you are considering, it hopefully will tell you there. Or, if it doesn't, contact the seller before you buy.
I can't tell you how much it weigh's as it's in service,but I'll try to weigh it next time it's refilled. I was too concerned about it's weight being it's glass instead of plastic,but it's not a need for concern.We had a 5 gallon plastic jug befor,and this is so much nicer.It's not bulky,and it's not a chore to put it on the cooler. I fill it up to refill,but my wife is 110 lbs. she fills it half way cause she more safe. At 3 gallons it's still way lighter .A gallon of water is 8 lbs. The bottle is not even 5lbs i don't think.By the way if you check the numbers on the bottom of plastic bottled water your not supposed to store water in the containers cause the plastic can leach into the water.So I don't care what it weighs.
I put in warmer water..and swish it around..and then using a long stick w/ a small towel rubber banded to the stick, clean it out....the water tastes great...
Exactly what I bought this item for... Works perfectly!
Hi yes that is actually what I have and it fits fantastic. I have had this bottle a few years now and I am still as happy with it since the day I got it.
Yes
I ordered these for my pedi scope, unfortunately they are too big. They are clearly for an adult size.
Yes
Yeah, what is the size pipe here? Is it 1" or 3/4"?
3/4 female NPT one side has union.
I believe 3/4 in on inlet and outlet.
1/2"
Lisa, I have never diluted this product and it does not say to on the bottle, I use mine in a Libman 'swiffer type" mop and spray as I mop. If you personally felt like this needed diluting after using it, I don't see why you couldn't. But does it NEED diluting.....no
This does the same good job as the Armstrong floor product.
Yes, clean my wood and laminate floors with it. I live in an area that uses lots of road salt. I sweep the floors or vacuum them thoroughly before I use the product. Every three months I p put a laminate and wood restorer on the floors to brighten the wood and remove scratches.
Sorry I don't know the answer.
Not sure
No, plus I wouldn't use a steam mop on Laminate would since moisture ruins the floor
If you are asking if they can be attached to the sander (like the sanding belt is) then no; these aren't what you'd use. You wouldn't be able to attach them. Even if you were able to attach them, they would just tear apart as soon as you turned it on. These papers are used by hand. You would use these after the sanding process to get something more smoother or more polished. I use them on stuff like wood, horn, plastic and metal. I first use the sander to get the piece into the basic shape and then use the paper to polish it.
Hello, these papers could be used to polish a watch crystal but you'd probably have better luck using a metal polish like Simichrome, Flitz or Mothers (or even just toothpaste) on a soft cloth. If you have a big scratch on something, you might want to start with the papers and work down to the polish.
The sheets I received are 8 1/2" x 11".
No. But I did use them to remove scratches in clear plastic. It was a cover for an outdoor camera. I spent very little time on it and the Finnish was near perfect. I could have done better if I had actually tried. I would think they would work for you.
3m is the manufacturer. Zona Tool is a division of Blackstone Industries. They sell a wide range of tools for hobbyists and model builders.
I only use them on wood and keep a good supply on hand. I start with these after I get down to 600 grit sand paper to polish knife handles of wood or acrylic. Hope this helps. PS. Go through every stage! It will actually save time.
It is a mixture of both aluminum oxide and silicon carbide.
I don't see why not. I use them to polish bronze, copper and silver. It's basically just VERY fine sandpaper
Yes, the package says "Aluminum Oxide/Silicon Carbide 3M polishing papers".
Pages are pretty thin, but durable. I would think a light spray adhesive would hold it in place.
It's typically for distilled spirits. This is the one you need for wine. http://www.amazon.com/Hydrometer-Triplescale/dp/B0064O94I0/ref=sr_1_1?s=kitchen&ie=UTF8&qid=1384175905&sr=1-1&keywords=hydrometer
Yes, as long as the product you are proofing doesn't contain any solids - this should work for you.
Yes, that's what I use it for
I don't believe so. it appears to be a weighted bobber. that is only accurate in alcohol due to its specific density.
It's the rubber plug that goes into the top of the opening of the carboy also has a hole in the middle where you can put your airlock
This is a high proof hydrometer. I use it for spirits. I think that there are hydrometers that would be more sensitive and appropriate for wine (ie. they do not go up to 100% alcohol) but I am not an expert.
I actually have no idea. It's at least a foot long and comes in it's own clear box. It's like a LONG thermometer. I just ordered what he told me. :) Its exactly what he wanted.
No
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000NDHGEM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 use this web address it will take you to correct jar
If the cup of the cocktail is large enough it should
1-1/8" (30 mm) i.d. The one I ordered said PYREX in the description; they shipped BOMEX. I'm quite satisfied with the quality of the BOMEX.
Greetings Michael W., I purchased a 500mL PYREX,Made In Germany,Narrow Mouth Erlenmeyer Flask with Heavy Duty Rim,No. 4980, STOPPER No.7. I hope this information addresses your inquiry. Kind regards to you and yours. Ciao!- Carlos.
I have purchased more than one erlenmeyer flask from Scientific Equipment of Houston. Here is the issue. The one 500 ml flask I got was not a Pyrex brand. It was a BOMEX brand, which was of very high quality. The measurement of the bottom diameter of that flask is: 4-3/16" or 106 mm. I bought 2 - 1000ml flasks from he same company, one was a Pyrex, one was BOMEX, and those diameters were slightly different. All I'm saying is -- you should not expect your order for a flask to be either a Pyrex brand, or the same diameter as the one I have!
I just measured mine at 7-1/8" (7.125").
Absolutely. But be careful as the narrow mouth can make it easy to boil over.
Per the flask it takes a stopper #7
No, this thermometer is in Celsius. -20C to 110C (you can easily convert from Fahrenheit using google).
Yes this thermometer is normally used to measure the temp of liquids by immersing it 75mm (2.9 inches) into them.
I don't really know. It's pretty big. Also, obviously it won't give you a log of temp vs. time, if that's what you need.
This item is spirit-filled liquid. This item is a non-mercury thermometer.
This is a partial (76mm) immersion, single scale with a total length of 12" (305mm) - the manufacturer does not specify the diameter. We have fixed the title and description to add the length.
Hello, this is Dawn with Georgia Pacific Professional. The dispenser in this trial kit is the 58204, which is the regular capacity dispenser. Our video does highlight the larger capacity dispenser, however the loading instructions are the same, regardless of the size. The dimensions of the trial kit dispenser is: 11.5 x 9.25 x 8.75. Thank you for your interest in our Georgia Pacific products.
You can order any center pull roll towel that is packaged as a 320 sheet type of roll. The other type of center pull towel is 560 sheets per roll and will not fit due to the fatness of the roll. The correct original part number from GP is #28124. The best (lowest price) case of towels that I have found is the 4 rolls case of towels sold by Costco (their part number is 20270), sold for about $20. Sam's Club also sells a similar package, but with 6 rolls per case. The quality of the Costco towel is quite good, especially for a single ply towel. Almost any roll that is about 8 inch tall (actually 7.8 inches) and no more that 8 inches in diameter will work (any bigger and the roll would not fit the slim dispenser unless you unwind a bunch of the paper). Hope this helps.
Not sure, I reorder the dispenser which came with the towels
Key fits on right hand side (as you look at it) and opens the front which swings R to L
This is the junior size. I would recommend the larger size because you will save money on the towels and need to refill less often.
I do not believe pre school children would be able to break off each towel section.
Probably because you only get two rolls instead of a case of 6. They are full sized rolls. Any larger and they wouldn't fit.
Seeing as it only amounts to screws and plastic anchors if needed, I would have to say "yes". If not, a quick trip to Wal-Mart should solve the dilemma.
Hello - this is Kay with Georgia-Pacific Professional. If you contact Georgia Pacific at 866-435-5647 we will send you one. Thank you for your interest in Georgia-Pacific products.
Only two rolls
The Model 42001 is designed for use with R22/R404a/R410a. The same "41 Series" Manifolds are also available in Model 42005 for R22/R134a/R404a and Model 41842 for R12/R22/R134a. Hope that helps.
I use them for my residential AC, although the EPA requires you to have a license to handle home AC freon (wink wink). Cars use R134A typically, and I have a different gauge set for that purpose. Also, I highly recommend the SealRight 19100 Yellow Jacket couplers to prevent leaks out, or air getting into your system.
I don't know if it works w/ R134A but it does have quick disconnects.
Yes it works with r22 r410a and r404a
There were no hoses included with the manifold set.
if mine says the same thing to my mind is made in mexico and distributed in united states
"With output" means the instrument can transfer readings electronically to other devices. For recording/logging results. "Non-output" means that the instrument cannot transfer its readings.
It does not. But according to others here, that may not be an issue.
It can be set to either inches or millimeters. You can do either outside or ins inside measurements. It is highly accurate. Best of all it does not eat throuh batteries the way cheaper calipers do. A new set of batteries should last 3 years according to the manual with constant. Mitutoyo's aren't cheap but well worth the price. They are great for reloading Charles B.
All I know is this is one of the highest quality calilpers on the market. As to if it qualifies to mil spec your best bet is to find out what their standards are for the instrument. The distributor or manufacturer for the product may know that as well. Good Luck!
The caliper is made in Kawasaki, Japan.
-30 is what we have in stock now. Mitutoyo does some minor upgrade & changes the # periodically.
Yes, it comes with a "Certificate of Inspection" from the factory.
Just decimal.
Made in Japan.
No, however we didn't require it. We calibrated before issuing to the shop floor.
We have these calibrated after we purchase them since we can't be assured that shipping and handling didn't affect the calibration.
Yes
Molded in the lip at the top of the recycle bin there are shallow ridges for four fingers on the narrow ends of the bin. I would upload a picture to Amazon but I don't know how.
11 x 20 inches, 30 inches high
we stopped trying to use liners to put inside; they fit awkwardly if you you go up or down a size, and the larger sized bags would never quite fill up. Instead we used this for broken down boxes, and recycled papers that were not shredded which did not require a bag. We use our larger recycle bin for plastics and cans. I'm sure that's not the answer you're looking for, but once it was purchased we wanted to make the best use for it as possible.
No
Just at mentioned in the product write-up, the dimensions are 20 x 11 x 30 inches ; 5 pounds
It does not come with a lid. I ordered this lid: Rubbermaid Commercial FG267360BLA Slim Jim Rectangular Trash Can Swing Lid, Black. Works great for my small office.
No holes, it's solid
I don't know. I use it for paper only, mostly mail, and transfer the contents to town provided bin every other week or so.
If you have a spot on your bumber to mount a winch you shouldn't need anything but if not then you will have to buy or bulid a mounting plate also as with any after market electrical device such as this you will need to isolate the winch from your main car batterry and alternator otherwise you it could blow fuses or burn up electrical components in your vehicle
It comes with the metal cable spooled on the winch. It will kink easily if not used properly but I havent had many problems with mine and I use it pretty often.
Agree that the 2008 YJ IS A UNICORN. LOL But if it's a 2008, and I could be wrong on this, but it's my understanding that your stock bumper will not be strong enough to withstand the forces a winch can put out. It needs to be tied directly into the frame of the vehicle. You might be able to find a bracket or plate that "grabs" both front frame rails. Rough Country comes to mind. Or maybe you could have a front receiver mounted and pull from that. I have one for the rear of one of my rigs. Allows me to move the winch from front to back. Nice! Hope this helps. Good wheeling!
I've had this unit completely soaked while mudding and river crossing. Yet, there is a rubber plug on top of the unit, this plug keeps water out of the unit and must be removed to connect the remote. Therefore, if the unit is submerged when trying to use it, NO, it is not proof. If you are putting the kind of money in a vehicle that will allow it to be submerged beyond the bumper, don't skimp on the winch. If you want to go Smittybilt, go with the x2o line or spend the extra $$$ for Warn.
1/2 in.?
From what I can see, it should fit just fine. You might have to "clock" the one end. Pretty simple to do though. I had to do it for mine. I've used it a few times on the trail but lately it's been showing its power pulling unwanted bushes out around the yard.
Pull it out of what? It would pull one up my trailer. If you used a doubler it would pull one with flat tires up it. Would it pull a 2.5 ton truck out of mud up to the door handles? Probably not.
Yes! It does. The positive and negative cables to connect them to the battery are, (I'm guessing) 5 feet at the most. I had enough to attach it to the front bumper of my jeep wrangler tj to connect it straight to the battery.
yes there is a 30-90 day from the seller and i think 90 day from Smittybuilt i have had it on my jeep and used it to pull every thing from a bobcat loader out of a mud hole to fence post no problem
Do not quote me but in all my research, it would appear that almost all electric winches are manufactured in China. But some parts are assembled here which is why they can say made in America. This is an interesting bit of info that I found :) Haisen Winch Thailand 70/74 &#3617;.16 &#3605;.&#3588;&#3641;&#3588;&#3605; &#3629;.&#3621;&#3635;&#3621;&#3641;&#3585;&#3585;&#3634; &#3592;. &#3611;&#3607;&#3640;&#3617;&#3608;&#3634;&#3609;&#3637; 12130 Tel : 081-684-2272 ( &#3609;&#3633;&#3618; ) : 081-855-1409 ( &#3624;&#3633;&#3585;&#3604;&#3636;&#3660; ) Factory : Since 2000 has been developing electric winches that have been tested to the extreme and abused world wide. High quality, low prices winches made by a professional manufacture with in China. Now we have our clients covering North America, Europe, South Africa and Ocean etc. We also do OEM for some brands, such as Warn winch ( www.warn.com), superwinch ( www.superwinch.com) and Smittybilt winch ( www.smittybilt.com) etc. http://www.thailandoffroad.com/Data/question.asp?ID=86
I think this product should help. I had a large chip on the edge of my sink and this product covered it pretty good. I know where it is, but you really don't notice it. Good luck!
Yes, follow instruction and when you finish you will get the some color like your stone.
I had a crack in my marble about 4 inches long with a few deep places in it. Say about 1/16 of an inch deep and it filled all of the crack but was still easily seen in as much as the material is clear. I used a permanent marker of it and it helped but it will not perform as advertised. Good Luck ;- )
I have and it's useless!
Holly, I didn't purchase the polishing block. I shaved the product with a single-edged razor blade until flush with the surrounding surface, and polished out with the included cloth. It worked fine.
I BELIEVE YOU CAN
Yes, I would definitely try to lay it in with the repair, it should help disguise the chip even more.
You are better off using a 2 part polyester stone adhesive to bond stone together.
As it turned out, we did not need the product and upon trying to return it, we had to get PERMISSION to return it, only to learn that a 25% re-stocking fee would be collected along with the postage. I think this practice of not revealing this information is wrong by both the Manufacturer and Amazon -- shame on you! I will thoroughly research before I purchase any other products on Amazon!
I don't know, but it is "moldable". You may need a few extra items to get it in the area, such as a toothpick or skewer. Both of my chips were on edges.
I'm not sure of the exact measurements, but it is the typical size one would need to use. (I am a teacher and the nurse with one of my students uses the exact same one.)
Yes, you are welcome to make a bulk purchase through Amazon. If you'd like to check quantities or colors, we would be happy to assist you by phone at 800 453 3944 between 8 and 5 central time, Monday through Friday. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
Defective Chestpiece and binaurals covered for three years, shipped at your expense. Does not includediaphragm, tubing,ear tips or plastic pieces.
Thank you for your inquiry. We ship from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. We can usually accommodate requests for expedited shipping. Thank you. Debra W. Customer Service Marcus Uniforms
yes just this. how ever you should also use "PH Calibration Solution (PH 4.01)" to ensure your pH pen is set right.
my bad inside od is 1 1/8 outside od is 1 3/8
You should calibrate the meter with both the 7.0 and the 4.0 solution and you can store in the solution closest to the PH you are going for. Hope this helped.
It is not recommended. This is meant to be used as a calibration solution to calibrate pH meters. If you need to adjust the pH up or down, we recommend using a pH Up or Down Adjustment solution.
The Kelway instructions are vague regarding calibration although they say to not use it in liquids. From the Kelway instructions, it appears that it can be calibrated without chemicals using a small screwdriver.
I am not really sure but I had mine for 7 months now. I am sure it set awhile from where I purchase it from and it still reads 7.0 on the money
I've tested various distilled waters and they vary from 6.xx to over 8.0; YMMV. Calibration solutions and powders are cheap and long-lived.
I have my bottle for a couple of years now.. I use it sporadically and it always is consistent with the 7.0 reading..
Any. All ph meter should be calibrated once a while with a solution like this. You will find helpful to use the one suits best for your measures. Lets say you have to measure ph levels arround 5. So you get the 5 calibratiom solution. Or you need to measure arround 11, then you get the 11 calibration solution. Or like me, for marine aquarium, that o need to be as acurate around 8, then I use this product. Some meters will require two calibration Solutions, check that too.
Most pens calibrate at 7.0, check your pH meter's instructions for further calibration information
Sucks
Yes, and yes.
I can't tell you specifically what tensile strength is but I can say it is not designed for high-tension applications. The strapping is embossed with a diamond pattern that makes it appear to have reinforcement - but it is just for looks.
Unfamiliar with the Fowler bore gauge, the post is 5/16ths.
I'll sorry j. Hudson I don't know,besides I'm sending my back,I need something else.
I don't remember,but I never used, the one I have,if you're interested in buying
I have not data cable
It will fit into the receiver of a magnetic base, which is not included.
i was unaware of a cable to pc option, i would not have a need for one. the bigger problem was making adapters to use the device... but once you do that it is extremely accurate..
we have a ,dog lots of hair we have 3 hovers, all the same .basement,1st floor.and 2nd floor ,and wife loves all 3
My unit works great on hard floors, curtains, upholstery, in the car, and on the top of my carpet (although I prefer a unit with a rug beater for my carpet to get down between the threads). This is the second one I've bought, and I love it's versatility. I don't live near a beach but my first unit used to get up sand from the kids' sandbox very well. Kids are grown now and we no longer have a sandbox, but I feel sure my second unit could still handle it well.
No we don't have those problems, ours has 2 prongs.
It does pull up when suction is applied and it is because they allowed some idiot with a engineering degree to tamper with the old style that actually worked, user friendly to the people that know how to use it. Leave it up to Hoover to go along with the rest of Idiot America in quality to save a little money. Research and Development is a joke here now. Sorry but you showed up in my email and asked. So, YES! The hose we now use sucks......
The bags are not reusable
I have a Kenmore Progressive Upright Vacuum with Inteli-Clean System and the attachments don't fit on the Hoover Portapower. I am not sure if you consider a Kenmore attachment a standard brush. This is the best answer I can give you
No because the bag does not hold enough dirt and you have to continue ally empty it.
Everything is supplied
This vacuum is best for hard floors. It does come with a crevice tool that can get small corners and ect. However, if you are only looking for a vacuum to clean furniture and ect., then I suggest a hand held vacuum such as the Black and Decker DustBuster. I use that vacuum to get animal hair off of everything but the floors. I hope this helps!
the blower is on the back end of the vacuum. You have to lift up the louvered door on the back end and attach the hose and it now blows out instead of sucking in from the opposite end.
Yes. This burner will fit your stove.
I am not the manufacturer so I do not know the colors it comes in, I suggest contacting Maytag. The unit is self contained and includes ignitors as depicted in the image. You should look up which burner you need for the model stove you have.
I'm not a professional repair person but I think you have selected the correct part as long as you want the gray color and not black
If this is the same part # that I ordered, then yes it will. I bought two for future use. Before you buy it though, just double check.
I'm sure they're both owned by the same parent company. As long as the part # is what you are looking for, and matches your application, I'd order it. Just verify other parts as needed.
The fit was perfect, the stove works like new. Without the parts i would have to replace the stove or pay top dollar for a special order. One satisfied customer.
yes. this should be the same burner as 3412D024-09 but just grey rather than black (the -09 is black). You twist and lift the burner off the stove and there is a gas "pipe" and a small electrical wire for he igniter. Pull the wire off the old burner, put it on the new burner and then put the burner on and twist. Done. Should be a few minute job except the old burner may be tough to get off due to rust.
Yes
I don't know what you mean by caps. My burner was just the burner and included the igniter. It did NOT come with a new gasket so I reused my old one. It was an easy 1/4 turn counter clockwise to unscrew it, disconnect the wires, transfer the old gasket, attach the wires, and a 1/4 turn clockwise to install.
Nope. Does not come with caps.
It is porcelain covered steel.
It is 17" long x 12.75" wide x 1.5" high.
17" wide x 12.5" deep x 1.5" high.
Yes
Yes. Drip pan and slotted top.
Mine has not.
The actual broiling area is 13 3/4" X 11 1/4". That is the area between the raised outer edge.
Mine is 12"x17". Hope this info helps.
Yes it does
17"L x 12"W x 1"H
I used this valve to replace an old valve for furnace from early 1950s. This valve, obviously, is manufacturered more recently ..likely in the past year. When the design was made, I have no clue. If I were you, I'd modify an existing knob / make my own knob from scratch. If you are good with tools, try using JB weld (like this: http://www.amazon.com/J-B-Weld-8267-S-SteelStik-Reinforced/dp/B000786GLM) to create a tight fit around your valve stem. This stuff sets up in about 5-10 min, so you need to work quickly.
No it does not come with a temperature control knob and sensor. Thanks,
I do not understand the question. This valve works with a millivolt pilot generator and is working well. Two of the three terminals go to the generator, and two go to the thermostat. As pictured here, the middle terminal goes to the white wire of the pilot generator. The front terminal goes to the red wire of the pilot generator and the red wire of the thermostat. The rear terminal goes to the white wire of the thermostat. (I believe the thermostat is not polarity sensitive.) The thermostat wire should be #20 to carry enough current for the solenoid.
Do not understand their question
Not a Williams furnace.
I just use the pail. Once there is no "fire" i just dump the pail into a heavy duty trash bag and discard it.
I would say yes because I've put several smaller cigars w/tips in mine without any problems. I would say even the bigger type cigar would fit also because the hole is 1 1/2" in diameter. I just wouldn't put any in there that were longer than about 2 - 2 1/2" as they may not fall down the inside the tube. You would probability have to empty this more often with cigar butts than with cigarette butts. I just emptied mine last week & I've been using it about 1 year. I hope this information was helpful!
Amazon is willing to sell with a loss to get market share. The loss on each item is considered marketing cost. This item ships oversized and with 2day delivery Amazon even with the best freight rate will lose $20+ per unit sold.
Yes, you can record on a VCR with it. Just connect the coax cable from the digital converter box to the back of your VCR, then connect a coax cable from the VCR to your TV. It works just like if you had cable hooked up to your VCR.
No, not if you're looking for it to unscramble the cable channels? You would need a designated cable descrambler box to receive cable channels on your analog TV! All the RCA box will do is allow you to receive the free on air channels which are now in digital format instead of the old analog format.
Yes. When you go into the "Menu" after doing the initial channel scan, you can add/delete channels afterward. There are on-screen instructions to show you how. I know this because I use these to delete all the Spanish language, religious and duplicate stations from my viewing lineup.
You CAN'T. The DTA-800B1 does NOT work for cable television. It only is capable of receiving and decoding over-the-air digital broadcast television channels (a format called "ATSC"), not cable channels (using a format called "QAM").
Any antenna will do. I get this question a lot. An antenna does not care if the signal is digital or analog, UHF/VHF broadcast is still the same frequency. Some of the new antennas pick up the signal a little better, but even the old "Rabbit Ear" antenna will work.
No
I have a manual for the RCA tv converter box. If you pay postage, I can mail it. Jani.
Do you have wiring into your house from the roof-mounted antenna? If so, by all means connect the roof-mounted antenna to the DTA-800B1, do a channel scan and see if you can receive the local channels you'd like to watch. If for some reason you don't get any channels or only get a few, check all of the wiring and connectors between the roof-mounted antenna and your interior to make sure nothing is loose, disconnected or damaged. In very rare cases you might need a different antenna, but it's not likely. An outdoor roof-mounted antenna is the best way to obtain strong signals from local channels.
Yes..your correct.
You don't need a code. It's not like programming a universal remote. You make the antenna/TV/converter connections and follow the directions to scan for channels available through your antenna.
I have used the rinse solution always. To my understanding, using rinse solution is a must.
the calibrated range of the ph.7 and ph4.0 buffers is .5 degrees accrurate...I have used this equipment for years and find it to be great...have not used the 10.1 buffer solution in food processes...but will tell you this equipment is very reliable...
Don't know about the warranty. I ran Hanna equipment for a couple of years and this unit has served me well since I made the switch a few years ago. The wire connection at the probe takes some abuse by bending with a lot of use and will eventually fail. I now create a loop at the top of the probe and tie off the cable to give it some slack. The probes should now last even longer. great product!
Not unusual and should be OK so long as there is still liquid in the soak bottle.
Yes 1 x MW102 Unit 1 x 9v Battery 1 x Temperature Probe (MA830r) 1 x PH Probe (MA911B/1) 1 x PH Probe cover (a small bottle that fits on the PH Probe when not in use that holds storage solution) 1 x User Manual & Registration Card 1 x 20 ml sachet of PH 4.01 Calibration Solution 1 x 20 ml sachet of PH 7.01 Calibration Solution 1 x 20 ml sachet of PH Storage Solution Packet
As Mark said NO, it is fixed at C. However, I only use the temperature readings to make sure my calibration solution and my rinsing solution are at the same temp. Speeds up calibration. You have to press the C button to get the reading and as soon as you let go it goes back to pH. My cell phone has a C to F conversion when necessary.
Per operating manual: automatic, 0 to 70C http://www.milwaukeeinstruments.com/pdf/product-specs/MW100-101-102-500.pdf
Yes however the seal is not that great on mine... I would recommend buying additional buffer/storage solution as I spilled all mine.
So it will keep shifting no matter what you do, however technically the directions state to watch the hour glass in the upper left hand corner... When that stops blinking, that should be the correct pH reading. You could wait all day and it would continue to shift if you wanted to.
I believe I purchased it right here on Amazon
I don't know, I use it to support a 2" thick pine-2ft wide by 2fft long table extension, works reasonably well with a little sag.
The price is for two.
yes - I have used 2 on a table recently built. They are very strong, snapping into place under a spring load when the leaf is lifted. Handy loop holes to release the braces to lower the leaf.
They worked for my table
I had this product at my house in law school. The tape is pretty easy to remove (I had to pull it up when I moved out). I put it down on indoor finished hardwood floors. It goes down pretty sturdy, but if you get under a corner with a butter knife it comes right up. I have no idea how weather or your particular paint would impact that - but if the concern is REpainting, I don't see how it would matter. Short answer is that you should be able to pull up this tape pretty easily, especially if cosmetically you are re-painting it right after. Hope this helps.
No
No, it doesn't stick that well. I have it nailed to my steps. Perhaps you could staple it, but am not too sure how it would hold up.
I purchased this tape to hold down rugs, which it didn't work. I didn't use it for shoes so don't know. Sorry
It didn't stick well for me. Only about half stayed put, the rest I had to pull off. May work better if you apply in hot weather. I applied in the fall.
Following is information I've gleened from various googled sites: The main ingredients are (in laymens' terms) calcium carbonate, glycerin, water, aloe barbadensis leaf juice. As another person commented, there are also extracts from cranberry, pomegranate, white tea, grapeseed. The ingredient credited for flavor is Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate (NOT to be confused with Sodium Lauryl Sulphate or SLS). Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate is described to be derived from coconut oil and is known to be a safe, natural, nurturing cleanser...they say it gently removes surface dirt and bacteria, also facilitates foaming. It is a modified fatty acid. From what I can see, this ingredient is also used in high-end shampoos and conditioners. The toothpaste maker claims the following: the product is flouride free, paraben free, sulfate free, no Sodium Lauryl/Laureth Sulfate, no artificial colors, no artificial flavors, no artificial sweeteners, no animal by-products or testing, and is cruelty free and vegan. I am a fussy consumer given my many allergies and sensitivities to many ingredients. I am very happy with this product and will continue to use it unless something comes along that I deem superior. I wish you the best in making your decision as to whether this product is right for you.
It's a mild sweetness that is just enough to prevent the product from being bitter or unpalatable.
My daughter has been using this toothpaste for 15 years. She is know 22 yrs old, and has never had a cavity! Our dentist knows we use this and approves. I started using Natures Gate because it is Fluoride-free. Fluoride is toxic. Whenever I told a dentist NOT to give my daughter any a Fluoride treatments, NONE of them ever asked me why nor did the try to talk me into it. My Hygienist says we have the healthiest teeth & gums that she has ever seem.
Yes, but more like an off white. Not bright white. But it is not a gel. Great toothpaste! I absolutely love it and have been using it for months now after a being a life long Colgate user.
Although i like the product, I believe the supplier should in a better position to answer this question. I am sorry I couldn't be of much help
There is peppermint oil listed in the ingredients. It also states "flavor*", then below it has "*natural flavor" but it does not explain. There is a website. maybe you can post the question to the company. www.natures-gate.com
highly recommend. not too minty!
This is a safe bet for toothpaste - No Fluoride, No Parabene and No sulfate, ingredients include White Tea, Cranberry, Pomegranate, grape seed, aloe, ginger and Bisabolol.
The ingredients are listed on the box. If you click on the right pic, you'll see them. BPA is not mentioned on the list. By definition BPA is a carbon-based synthetic compound. This is a natural toothpaste.
Plastic.
Yes it will
dryer will still roll around put no heat . when i replaced the thermistor I got heat.
I used it on my xaa when I got the t5 error. It took care of it. Basically the dryer would start for a few seconds then shut off and beep while flashing the t 5 error. Just check to make sure it's actually heating by cycling it several times. If it gets warm inside replace the thermistor. There are YouTube videos on how to do it
Yes. That should fit. Also, all of the videos that I found online were for the older models of the dryer. For the newer version, which I believe you have, you don't need to take the drum out or release the belt. It is much easier than these videos show. For your model loosen up the panel (where the buttons are); the panel will hang, you can't detach it. Then take off the whole front panel and door (they come off together) the thermistor goes right in the front. 10x easier than the older models.
yes, it will work.
It's been a while since our repair, but I seem to recall this fit just fine.
The part number looks different to me is that the oem number
yes, that is the dryer I have and it worked perfectly.
Yes, rest assured it will fit your Samsung model.
I'm not sure. You would need to remove the old part and look at the number
FROM HM DIGITAL: There are no recommended flow rates, but there is a maximum pressure rating, which is 232 PSI (16 bar) at room temperature (25C/77F).
LR446 button battery the unit last a long time on batteries plus the unit works great very good in being close to accurate I had tested mine against others this one is a good one.
That is correct as your last stage adds minerals to your water and would be read by the meter I have several of these I use them for two seperate systems drinking water & salt water aquarium if I want to see if my system needs maintnace I just push the button and read it make sure that the water is flowing thru the system it will not read water that is standing still correctly
It is a 1/4 " quick connect
i don't think so.
Don't sound right it's to high, But I am sorry I wouldn't know
Just need one. One side goes on fresh water going in and other goes on output side. Change filters annually.
Not that I can see someone has to be there to press the button to view the screen and automatically shuts off to conserve the battery
This meter just reads the in and out TDS numbers, which is kind of a guideline as to when you need to change filters.
It comes pre-calbrated. All you have to do is hook it up.
Base is about 7 inches. Sturdy and well made. Love it!
Very sturdy. 6-7lbs
About 22 inches
Just a little bit bigger than the holder.
Wall screw to wall screw it is about 7". End to end on the pivot about 10 1/4".
3" (or very close to it) Hard to measure because I couldn't get the tape measure exactly across the middle. Sorry for the slow reply. By the way, I also agree, I love this holder! Instead of the springy holder that fits in the middle of the two ends, this flips up like a lever. You just slide the roll onto the bar, lower the lever and you're done!
2 3/4"
I bought Scott brand which are bigger than most toiler paper rolls & there is still room to hold more. Not sure what you mean by mega toilet paper rolls. If they are really big I would say no. Check the dimension of the rolls and then the product. Maybe you should try a free standing model if the rolls are that big. Hope this all helps.
The paper holder bar rotates, pivots, to allow roll removal and installation. It is not spring loaded.
It is similar to a thicker bandaid. The key is that it is smooth and reduces friction. It really makes a difference in the shoe near the toes and heel.
I think it's very thin. I had bought some at Walmart which was thicker and assumed this was the same thickness. But I have to use 2 layers together to get the thickness I want.
It sticks to the skin, really pads well.
No,it is like a bandaid and once take off probably looses most if its stickiness.
It is latex free.
I can't answer that because I use both...whatever I can find. But they've made a huge difference in the sensitivity of my teeth...especially when I have to have them cleaned and scaled.
Yes
No, I don't know why people think this would make a person thirsty. My thought would be some other medical issue is at foot.
I've never had a toothpaste that dried my tongue...so I'm not sure. I'm going to say no.
The short answer is yes, it does. I believe topical fluoride is helpful & good. There are people who don't like fluoridated toothpastes, and some manufacturers have responded by offering no fluoride versions. What baffles me is: do people know many city water (tap water) contain added fluoride that we have no choice but to ingest the fluoride, without going through installing a reverse osmosis system which removes good minerals as well? With topical fluoride one could at least rinse most if it off easily.
Well I use this brand because of my sensitive gums and teeth, plus I use mouth wash and I floss. I also use whitening strips.
It doesn't look like it. Ingredients are: potassium nitrate, sodium fluoride, water, sorbitol, hydrated silica, glycerin, PEG-8,cocamidopropyl betaine, flavor, xanthan gum, sodium saccharin, titanium dioxide, sodium hydroxide.
Not in my experience, no.
The Mint Essence is a Sensodyne Pronamel product without whitening properties. Alpine Breeze is not a mint flavor and has "gentle whitening" properties. I find whitening toothpaste increases my sensitivity, so I don't use it.
I ordered the gentle low foaming formula from Livamed and got the old formula. Since Biotine was bought by GlaxoSmithKlne they decided to throw out the old formulas and use some sort of ph balance instead. This does not help me at all. The new formulas will all burn.
Hi - no, not the original, but the new improved pH Balance.
I seriously doubt that you will get the old formula. I can't find it anywhere locally (Milwaukee, WI).
The old formula helped, but the new formula the manufacturers switched to as of October 2013 isn't half as effective; the product's not what it used to be.
35mm diamond hole saw will do it
I have it in my hand at the moment with a hose adapter and it will not fit either the male or female end. The thread is finer than a garden hose. One of the reasons it is in my junk box and not in use at the moment. It will have to have an adapter to fit a garden hose.
Yes, it works fine without a seal.
Only if you are using a washer
I am asking outside. Answer: not fit.
Yes, but inside is 3/4 NPT (not 1/2...)!!!
1 7/16 to 1 1/2 hole. Its threaded for pipe thread. The hole is not tapered so be careful when assembling.
Yes. But just barely. From the inner wall of the outside flange to the end of the thread is 1.5 inches.
Hi Donna--I have used both. When our floors were refinished, the technician recommended Bona Pro and left me with a sample. I really like the Pro Series. It cleans better and the floors look fabulous and don't seem to spot as much. I have 4 pugs and when they come in from the rain, they track paw prints everywhere. With the Bona Pro, it dries and looks great. I clean every 2 weeks and sweep once or twice a week, depending on the floor.
No, you just spray and wipe it on--no need to rinse. It leaves a slight sheen that looks good and provides a coating that is easy to spot clean without having to do the entire floor again.
Yes - it is actually recommended for bamboo floors according to the company that installed mine. http://www.calibamboo.com/cleaning-bamboo-flooring.html
We have engineered floors and found this to be a great product. We have a toddler so our floors see a lot of gunk dropped on them and this pro version is even more effective than regular bona. As long as you vacuum or sweep ahead of time the bona brings a great shine.
Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop Kit, FG1M1600GRYRD
No. All floor cleaners are made of chemicals.
My floors are polyurethane sealed hardwood, with a semi-gloss finish. I wouldn't think the actual floor material would matter as much as with what and how it is finished. If it is sealed well as mine are - with no possibility of discoloring your cork - you should be fine.
If you mean on factory-finished wood floors, that's its intended purpose. Does a great job on those, cleaning, removing footprints & restoring shine/luster.
Our housecleaner specifically recommend this product, she thinks it superior to any other floor cleaner she has tried. So that is what we use, and agree with her judgement.
Better. I have been told by the person who installed our hardwood that getting your hardwood too wet is damaging. Bona is so simple with great results.
6.5 inches
we'd like the answer too :)
D C power has batteries.
not a key and keyhole but a switch inside the case for turning the alarm on and off.
Yes, it can fit at least two Philips defibs..with the cover on. They are standard size AEDs.
I think you would want to stick with a waterbed patch kit. This adhesive is meant to be used without a patch as it bonds to itself to mend a tear or rip. It worked well on a pair of leather work gloves with waterproof finger tips to seal a rip in a fingertip. I wouldn't trust it to hold all the pressure of a waterbed.
I am pretty certain it can be used on that type of material, but I'm not sure how it well it will withstand the air pressure (if that is an issue).
Fiberglass is not specified by the manufacturer as a typical use for this product.
Yes it will.
yes, that would work.
It works good on vinyl. If your hat is made of vinyl, then I would say yes
YES, this stuff works great! Dave
Yes
I would not recommend it.
I used this to repair a rip in the vinyl on the inside of my car door. It worked well and covers the tear without "melting" the material.
The bottle and the actual dropper (clear part) are glass. The black part is plastic and rubber.
I received just one. Hope that helps.
Everything that touches the interior is glass if you usually keep the bottle upright. I use it for food grade H2O2 which, over time, wears out the rubber cab because I use it for travel and that particular substance wears down the rubber. I would not worry about this apparatus if you are using it for normal ph materials. Excellent for essential oils.
No, it doesn't.
Yes
it'd be fine for the amber glass, as for the rubber and plastic on the cap, not sure. But you can fill the bottle up to the point so that it doesn't make contact with the alcohol.
Just the top part where you squeeze to suck in the liquid. And I think that the clear glass connects to the top, is glass too.
Yes, this is what I have used and then use a self-leveling sealer over the top of the screws and edges of the vent.
It is more of a gray color. If you are looking for white or black try factory RV surplus's website. I've ordered trim and hardware from them before. I believe they offer 3-4 colors at a good price.
Yes. I used this product in addition to silicone around the outside of the plastic covers.
Yess
it's solid butyl ribbon - the paper just lets them roll it up. It's definitely sticky on both "sides" and you can roll it between fingers into a ball/wad and jam it in other places. So far, it also seems to STAY warm-to-soften "resilient", too. Useful for a number of uses and handy to have. Definitely GREY, too.
Unfortunately we scan the barcode label on the item when we list it for sale and Amazon has the header and description already in the system. You may want to contact Amazon for more details. Thanks for choosing AMBOSALES
Butyl tape and putty tape are similar. Neither have a manufacturers mark as they are shipped in bulk and it keeps down costs. Really no way to be certain it is Dicor. DICOR is all we sell at this time. Thanks for asking AMBOSALES
It is putty tape, while it gets to almost the same place it is misrepresented as Butyl Tape which is black and round on the roll. This is gray and flat
I don't know. You should ask a Glazier. They will get you the correct item.
No not eternaboun. It is a sticky gasket like substance. Enternbound is the best for sealing
Yes it will still be effective. This stuff is great. It does NOT kill them like Raid. The bugs crawl or fly away after they land on it. On one of my houses I noticed that spiders actually spun webs and then died. The people who make it are super cool. Just call if you have questions.
enough to mix.
From what I know they use the product in kennels to help control fleas and etc. So I would say yes, you can use it on your deck and you and your animals should be fine. What are you using it for? BUT - you should know if you just put it in the sealer that it will only last as long as the sealer is there - which is typically a year or two.
Yes, it must be added to some type of paint, stain or sealant. It's an "insecticide paint additive." It's not meant to be used as a broadcast or spot insecticide. We LOVE LOVE LOVE it. We used it in our kitchen, around our windows (inside and out), all all over the outside. One of the places I noticed it really working was around the doorway. I hate it when you walk up to the house and there are bugs and cobwebs. We put it there and now it's tidy and bug-free. It really works. Let me know if you have any other questions.
The Intake ring is about a 8th if an inch from the bottom of the pump, so it would work in about a half inch of standing water.
I use the Zoeller 42-0007 to pump the water out of my in-ground swimming pool. It pumps about 6 gal. per min. via about 30 ft of standard 3/4 inch garden hose to a sewer clean-out on the side of my home. This pump drains the pool down to about 1/4 inch of water. I then brush the sides of the pool and hose a small amount of fine sand and dirty water to the pump which pumps it into the sewer line. I believe the impeller on this pump is probably plastic. There is a plastic screen covering the bottom of the pump that will keep anything larger that about 1/16" from entering the pump. Caution, running this type pump dry for a short time will permantly damage it.
You could, but you might be better off with a pump that stays out of the water to be pump.... that way you don't get your feet wet. E.g a Teel pump with an "in " hose (out of the pond) and an "out" hose (onto the lawn). teelpumpcatalog.com
United States
yes but it will take a very very long time, take the volume of the pool and the hose size 3/4 inch and multiply. Unless time is not of essence. It would be better to use a 1 1/2 sump drain pump which is not that much more expensive. when the pool gets down to a couple inches of water then use the zoeller pump to remove the remainng water.
Box??? ISOLATOR = 2 1/2" X 7 1/8" X 4 5/8" & FITS A WARN ROLLER FAIRLEAD 11 3/4" X 4 3/4" X 3 1/2". Highly recommend the isolator. Not sure about the "kit"? Don't know what that is. Mounted on 2012 Wrangler Unlimited.
Only an isolater
Possibly; this product fits between the 2 horizontal rollers; they still will turn, but only about 1/8" clearance, so not sure if the license plate bracket would still fit.
I haven't tried, but honestly I wouldn't it a pretty solid piece.
Unfortunately you won't be able to find that part in just any store. Online you may find in ThinkVacuums.com or any brick and mordur store that sells strictly commercial vacuums.
It has a roller "bar". There are no belts accessible from the opening, does it even have belts? The roller bar does not turn off while in the upright position, it still spins quite fast. To clean the roller I just cut the debris, usually hair, off the roller. I own two of these and bought one for my daughter. They are the most powerful light weight vacuum that I've found. I have never had to deal with the roller not spinning and I've owned this model for about 10 years. I highly recommend this vacuum.
This machine does take a paper bag.
Yes
We have no issue with ours pushing. In fact easier than our last one. Check the bottom to see if you can find anything that would impede performance or call the MfG customer service for assistance.
If you are talking about height adjustments for the vacuum head for carpet pile; the one I bought has NO height adjustments. Mine has carpet setting and for floor setting where the roller does not turn. They may have a new model now that does. Hope that helps.
Holds up really well..... amazing vacuum..... 5 stars
It is built into the hose extender.. Cut and paste this link for a pic.. Great vacuum that will last for years! https://www.google.com/search?q=Sanitaire+SC785AT+Commercial+crevice+tool&rlz=1C1CHWA_enUS564US564&espv=2&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=nfXvU_noFOrX8AGp2YDQAQ&ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg&biw=1148&bih=687&dpr=0.9#facrc=_&imgdii=_&imgrc=6joS857G4sOFzM%253A%3BF5h_Q1yQITwUdM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fevacuumstore.com%252FImages%252F009.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fevacuumstore.com%252Fp-2980-sanitaire-by-electrolux-sc785at-dual-motor-upright.aspx%3B792%3B615
I wish I has an answer for you. Mine broke right away and I had to return it. :(
No, no swivel. But works well, nothing fancy. I like mine
These are NOT UL listed. They blew out the light socket and almost started a fire. We had to call an electrician and get a new light fixture. Proceed with caution.
No, I am sure this base will only accept 110 volt AC
Yes, our is using an led and works great
I had the same problem. I believe that when you have a multiple bulb fixture you are out of luck. Once one bulb is bright it tells the other bulb sensors that the sun is out so they dim or do not light as they are supposed to when this amount of available light..
Don't know? Ask the manufacturer, or since it only cost $8 bucks, buy one & try it...
I don't know if CFL would handle this type, since it doesn't just cut on and off, the lights brighten and dim with my incandescent bulbs in it. It isn't marked as CFL compatible.
They have to be used in candelabra base fixtures with candelabra base bulbs. Incandescent/Flourescent/LED
Yes
No
About a half inch
You need to size the insulation to the pipe outside diameter, ie the 1" insulation for 1" pipe. It is sold for different inside diameter for different size pipe.
To the best of my recollection, there was one 72 inch length.
Don't know. I Used plastic ties.
I didn't check, I just applied it during the freezing temperture months and left it on.
Worked for me over a 1 inch diameter pipe
It seems like foam. Do the specs not say? I used it on outside pipes this winter during two blasts of temps in the 20s for more than 24 hrs and it worked fine. The auto seal is so much better than using electrical tape. Installation was a snap. I'm very happy with it and recommend it.
It might squeeze over it with the heat tape, but it might not be able to easily seal.
No these are designed for the hammer gun
They are loud enough to require ear plugs. You can choose not to use them but they will leave your ears ringing. I suppose it depends on the tool as well but it's similar to firing a .22 caliber weapon.
No, and I would question the intelligence of anyone that tried it. These are specifically designed for -powder actuated tools-. Read the description and it will tell you what models of tool this item fits. These were never designed for starter guns of any sort and anyone stupid enough to think so deserves to have their hands blown off.
Individually
I have no idea, but why would you even consider. MY RECOMMENDATION IS = = DO NOT TRY, AND QUIT CONSIDERING.
Not a problem. In fact you have to be careful. This thing sucks up pet hair, nuts & bolts and everything in between
No .. Carpet only !!
simple answer....NO....it's a basic what you see is what you get, but great at cleaning carpeting!
Limited Warranty of 1 year parts and labor. Have had Panasonic Vacuum cleaners for years and they are very durable and never had to have them repaired. Best is this vacuum is very light weight and has a very long power cord. Love it!!
Not really
I am sorry to say, I have no idea :) - I have several different kinds of carpet and even hard surface and I don't know how it works, it just does - I go from one surface to the next without problem. There are no adjustment levers, etc. but this is an awesome vacuum! I have 2 long haired dogs and it works great.
It has worked well for me. My dentist always has good things to say about my teeth. And I never have cavities.
The current tube I have is " Triple Action Anti Plaque Whitening Tartar Control Fluoride Free" If yours doesn't say it, get this model.
No; Some of this brand may, but not this particular one...Love this toothpaste, so refreshing.
Yes. This is a vegan product; all products in the Kiss my Face line are not tested on animals and cruelty free. I am vegan and have been using this toothpaste for the past 10 years and love it.
Yes it would be 3.4 oz
It is 4 inches long and 9/16 inches in diameter.
Of all the different lancets I have used they have all fit what ever lancing device I was using at the time. Therefore, my best guess would be yes.
Their lances do not work with this pen. Really a load of rubbish. Do not recommend. In the end I super glue repaired the old pens I have had for many years.
I ordered for my gdaughter but yes it does have a name tag and I noticed 2 different ear style pieces.
I currently work for a veterinarian. It's standard in size will work for most medium sized dogs and few small animals. A pediatrics will work best for small children and small breed animals.
Yes
Yes it is
You can hear all heart sounds adequately, I find a lot of murmurs others missed with much more expensive scopes. I found it to be very good quality
I think mine came with two extra sets
No. It is as short as the Lit brand.
No
Movements? Probably so, especially if you are far along and your baby is taking up a lot of room. You may even be able to hear the heartbeat! Congrats!
Sorry, have not tried, it's still working perfectly.
Blue = 15", Red = 20", and Green = 30". These measurements are the entire length; from the end of hook to hook.
The hooks are like question marks with an opening of one inch. Neither the hook nor the strap is adjustable.
It's the general warning. No breakdown of material. You do know that EVERYTHING man made can cause reproductive harm - sitting on your couch, or walking on carpet alone, both which have flame retardants known to cause reproductive harm, are surely more dangerous then some rubber/polyester straps that when I use them come into contact with me for a few seconds, at most, to tighten luggage, or hold on to tripods on my backpack. In other words, unless you're actually putting these on your body for extended periods of time, you'll be fine. I'd worry about everything else in your house.
There are Six (6) Straps, Two (2) of each size.
They are well made; however, they only last me about a year before losing their stretchiness. We do not have the extreme heat, but do use them in rain, etc. a couple times a week. Ours are always outside in the elements.
it depends on how much strength you can pull, i guess it could go almost double it's size though I can't pull it much coz it's still new & tight so I'm attaching 2 straps if I needed to secure bulky stuffs like big boxes.
Unstretched, blue are 15 inches, red are 20 inches, and green are 30 inches.
The height is about 3 inches
It cannot.
the lowest is 28 inches from floor to the top of the table and the maximum hight is 45 inches high from the floor to the top of the table
There's a lever on the end of the table you have to squeeze while pushing the table down.
Yes, but it is very easy, there are no small parts.
I don't know the exact weight but it's construction is as heavy duty as the ones you see in the hospital which is why I chose it for my mother. If I put her small tv and DVD player on it, it is more than strong enough. It does not bend.
the width between the wheel bars is only 22 i/2 inches.
Honestly I would take it apart and see what's the problem
I don't know what kind of use you intend for the table. I am not currently using my for medical and have it piled high with magazines and stuff and it is carrying the weight just fine.
15" by 30" with rounded corners. Smooth surface.
They are 7" by 3/4" relaxed.Very sturdy and durable
I measured 13.5" (double the length of 6.75")
Yes
no just 5. Good rubber bands!
No
I personally do not know and suggest you contact the manufacturer's rep directly.
I could not stretch them to an 18 inch circ. so 27 would not happen. I ended up buying a large inner tube (truck or tractor size) and cutting it into big bands.
No, they are rather large and thick to be used as a wallet
I'd say yes if the kids are elementary school age--but, these are going to be tight and not very forgiving so there is a pretty good chance things could go south on the kids pretty quick if one of them looses their balance (sprains, twisted ankles, hyper extended knees...etc...kids are resilient, but this might be a bit much..)
Personally I would not depend solely on rubber due to it's tendency to dry out. These are great but more of secondary securing device (retention), I carry my radio in my upper back and use a zip tie where there is no molle straps
Absolutey! Works great. I used it on cloth car seats as well. Look like brand new now and no lingering old odors either.
My carpet is soft after applying Resolve. When, in the past, I have used products on a rug, sometimes the cleaner leaves some stiffness in the carpet because of the left over cleaner that remains in the carpet. This doesn't seem to be the case with Resolve. I have no idea why this in true.
Depends on how soiled is the rug. I use the product usually for spot cleaning, and cleaning a well worn hallway runner. You may need a second application.
I think I bought this with a sponge mop and the can of resolve went into the holder of the sponge mop; kind of like the wet jet Swiffer mop. I hope it works for you and that your stains are fresh because it did nothing for me.
Wait until dryish. It will bring the dirt to the surface
Aerosols have to be shipped by ground methods.
Yes, you can use Resolve on cleaning a spot on the Persian rug, but I would do this only on a spot (not the entire rug). Do this spot cleaning by spraying the product on a damp cloth and use this on the area of the spot. Good lug.
yes we sure have ....use it on our carpets and have used it on our car seats as well....also works on upholstery we always have it on hand!!
I've always had more success with the foam.
yes you have to vacuum. The procedure is to spray and let it dry for around half and hour. Make sure it is dry before you start vacuum. I cannot remove my carpet so i dont know it the floor was wet underneath
The control device is directly wired to the bed motor but can be moved around from side to side. The cord is long enough that we haven't had any issues with positioning the device so that it is reachable.
The mattress is absolutely the worst mattress I have ever come across. It is nothing but a glorified piece of form rubber. I had to go and buy another mattress. The bed itself is great but the mattress is garbage.
no
The two metal pieces connect together and are inserted into the headboard, footboard and motor. The motor turns and the bed raises and lowers turning these pieces. The included instructions were very clear on how to connect these pieces together.
84"x36"x6" The bed is great but mattress not so great. Spring protruded from end seam and caused a wound.
yes
You wouldn't have a problem it will sit you straight up.
As I recall, "Yes." However, they are close enough that someone cannot get through them.
The manufacturer does not produce the bed in wood, however, they do sell half rails.
84" (L) x 36" (W) x 6" (D)
They are really strong but as most things will tell you and the previous reviewer can attest to they are fragile. If they're not going to be hit directly they definitely would suit your purpose. They don't FEEL fragile but if you let them even into each other they can break.
http://www.kjmagnetics.com/proddetail.asp?prod=R842
No. The way to separate them is slide the top one off the rest of the stack. I can easily separate them by pushing the top one off with my thumb while holding the others in my other hand.
Yes as long as magnet fits on your crank.
It would be a very tight fit for a round Ticonderoga. Best bet would be to go with a larger magnet and to wrap tape or something around the pencil.
It's exactly half an inch.
Word of caution...when mine arrived, they had rust on them. I contacted the seller and was expected to pay my own shipping to return the defective product!! Unless you are 100% confident on the strength and comfortable with the risk of getting rusted ones on your dime to return them, I would look elsewhere.
Yes. Standard thread. These are very powerful magnets. I have them stored with pieces of wood separating them to avoid having to muscle them apart.
Yes they can.
Stainless Steel generally does not have enough ferrous metal for magnets (even those as strong as these) to "stick". I have had little success using magnets of any kind on quality stainless steel. Unless the surface on which you would like to use is specifically made to use with magnets - I would not think these will work for you...
No, they're magnetic. I stick them on the refrigerator and metal cabinets in the garage, they're even strong enough to stick to the sheet metal used to reinforce drywall corners even though I pretty much use them to hang keys, hats, and other fairly light stuff. And they don't have a hole through which you could put a screw.
I doubt it. They're powerful, but I don't think they have a large enough magnetic field to reach the computer inside.
Not terribly difficult. The key is not to pull them straight off, but to tip them on an angle and pull, or slide 1/2 off the surface and pull. Also depends on the magnet strength - obviously the 80lb's are tougher than the 40lbs! I weigh only 155lbs and I have no trouble.
You cannot pull them apart, you must twist them apart: sort of twist them in opposite directions and then when you get them three quarters away from each other you should be able to pull apart like you're breaking a pencil or stick.
These are extremely strong. If you're looking for powerful, powerful magnets, these will do just perfect. They are so strong you probably can't separate them very easily from one another. Neodymium is far more powerful than your "average" magnet. I use them in conjunction with a battery to create a force field around which a copper wire spins. So they are really, really powerful.
Yes
The magnets are not marked in any way but they are polarized so that one flat side is north and the other south. You could tell which was which by hanging one of them with a very fine thread attached to the side. If held away from other magnetic sources. like outdoors, the north will turn facing the Earth's north magnetic pole. Mark that one and then the others will stack up north to south and you can mark all of them.
Hi. Well, I just tried it. In the process of trying to separate the first one from a stack of six, the a piece of the magnet sheered off. And my 50 y.o. hands (mildly arthritic from lupus, but just mildly) struggled greatly. But I did eventually get two separate magnets and put 1) thick paper 2) CD Rom between them. Paper wasn't sufficient. CD Rom was thick enough to allow me to separate them without hurting my hands in terms of muscles/joints but (!) in doing so, the magnets snapped together as I was pulling them off (they were a good three inches apart, one in each hand) and they pinched my finger. These are just so strong that trying to work with them is really a pain if you are trying to deal with only two or three at a time. I'll play with them a little and see if I can come up with a way to separate them safely. Cardboard/plastic doesn't seem to be the answer though because you still have to slide them apart and can't just pull them apart. It's in the sliding that you can get pinched.
These might work (assuming you have an enamel tub) but you will need material between the magnets and the tub. If they come in direct contact with each other they are tough to pull apart (in twos and threes). If the curtain already has a hem you can probably just make a snip and put a magnet in then seal up each side so the magnet doesn't move around. If it doesn't then it depends on the material. If it can be hemmed, you're good to go. Otherwise, not sure how you would attach them such that they wouldn't end up sticking together and being a pain. May be a job for lesser magnets, actually. Something you can just glue to the curtain (if it's poly) and be done with it.
They are definitely strong enough for that. The only concern I would have is would magnets this strong interfere with pace makers or medical equipment? I wouldn't think so, but I'm no expert on that.
yes, it should be able to hold no problem. Thanks! - Magatron.
Hello, We are a retailer not the manufacturer and we import them.
Our 1/2 x 1/4" disc magnets have a pull force of 12.2 pounds per piece. This force is based on a horizontal position and would be reduced due to the weight of the object and gravity when used vertically.
Yes
Way too strong for bottom hem use.
Yes, I hung a ziplock bag with a pound of rice in it on my fridge to test this for you. Only one magnet held well, but let it slide due to the slick plastic. Two held it firmly.
I've not tested that, but I assume the magnets will be under your bike, and your cell will be in your pocket, about 4 feet or more apart? If so, you won't have a problem, I've used my cell with the magnets on the table in front of me, less than 2' away, without any interference. Let me know if it triggers the lights, I may try that too. Ride safe!
Gently allow the stack to attach themselves to a narrow piece of flat metal (similar to a file cabinet drawer pull) and then slide them off the stack, one at a time.
These are rated as N48 magnets with no specific mention of gauss level. But they are strong for their size.
The magnets I purchased have held up very well to corrosion. I have not put them in my dish washer, not even by mistake and would not recommend it. in my opinion they can be very fragile when they accidently snapped together (they can break apart) and also leave a nasty little blood blister. -;) .But I highly recommend them for there great magnetic strength.
I just put my fingernail in between them. Wow though...if yours are that stuck, you might have to use a channel lock pliers.
If you used all of the together and pulled the drive out of the laptop, maybe. The only true way is to destroy the platters themselves.
As the magnets are working through glass(I think that is what you mean when you say both sides) and also dealing with wind and the elements, I would suggest nothing thinner then a 1/4" thick. You would probably get more strength with a block magnet then a disc if the rectangular shape would work for you.
Should work. These are super strong, and as long as your sink isn't too thick they should work for what your wanting to do.
You will need to build an electro magnet for that.
I did not measure them but what I can tell you is, I have used many magnets before but I have not used any as strong as these. With your hands, if you get them any closer than 1/2 inch apart you cannot hold them back.
Neodymium magnets will definitely hold. The question is whether magnetic paint has enough magnetic material for the magnets to stick to. It may take several coats of paint to provide enough magnetic content.
it will work under water, but your key may not be ferromagnetic
Yeah, that's all preference, but I can tell you the are strong enough to hold up a folder holder... How much you can put in there is for you to find out :)
They are very small. I think they would be to small for that purpose.
They would if the north and south poles are on the 1/4" side. The ones I got are north and south on the 1" ends. Ask seller to verify before purchase.
depends how big/how much wind resistance the search light is/has. if you used all 6 and it was fist sized, you would probably be fine
They are very light. Not over a pound for the six of them
I'm not sure that this would be a good application for these magnets. The magnetic field produced is very strong, but decreases rapidly with distance. I would imagine that you would have problems holding them in place. I would suggest that you buy the contacts and install them according to manufacturer's recommendations. For example, one well-liked offering on Amazon is Interlogix Door/Window Terminal Contact, Surface Mount, White by UTC (Formerly GE Security/Sentrol). There are several alternatives listed. While it might be nice to engineer your own system, these contacts are inexpensive and easy to install. This, I believe is preferable to using these magnets. This appears to be a case of not reinventing the wheel.
It has need discontinued.
There was only one tube!!! For almost $50!!! The sellers mislead me, and still has not returned my money!!! Even though I returned the product two weeks ago!!! They also did not include any kind of packing slip!!!
No more closed.
This would have to be per. case... And I don't know exactly how many tubes are in a case.
Cone height is 18" with 6" reflective collar
No the 6 is for the height of the white reflective strip, 6 inches.
I bought 2 cones for 18.80 and with shipping they were 27.25 - purchased thru Amazon direct from Pro Safety. Since you are a non-profit SAR unit you may be able to cut a deal with them. I'd send them a letter asking them for a price. They would also be able to give you a price on the shipping since it wouldn't be the same as what I paid. My best regards, John
Amazon will figure the cheapest freight. The more cones you buy, the cheaper the shipping per cone will be.
The outer rim starts out at a little more than 7 3/4, less than 1/2 inch it drops to 7, then to 6.5 inches. It continues tapering from there.
No its not
No it is not stretchable at all
Yes, its rated over 4000 lbs tensile strength
This 1" webbing is similar to what is used for tote bags or gym bags. There is a texture across the 1" width to aid in carrying. It can be folded in half lengthwise but will open back if not prevented. The strapping is comfortable for hand gripping.
There is no where on the packaging that says where it is made. It is labeled "Nylon Webbing" "County Brook Design" plus their address in Alabama and website url. It is good quality heavy web material. We have purchased about 500 feet of it in the past two years. SKU # X00036YA7V. My guess is that they buy it in bulk and repackage it in sellable quantities. We are happy with it in our shop!
No.
No, probably not. It's only 1 inch wide, which is kind of narrow. Slacklines are about 3 inches i believe, which helps accommodate the whole foot.
Only one. It is like a band aid that you stick to something. I thought it would monitor the "air" for a while, but instead you stick it to something and it checks the item it is stuck to.
Yes.
No, the test simply identifies the levels of certain mold/ mildew levels in home and identifies them. The home owner will then know whether or not further action is needed.
I have yet to get a response from them on the sample I sent So far... Money wasted
Yes, it is sticky tape, so you would be able to stick it against the wall.
Does the mold concern you if you aren't breathing it? The test suggests testing the dust on your return air grille, or a supply grille, or anywhere that dust collects. You don't need to test the actual "mold site" or "suspected site". You really just test dust from an area that you occupy.
The lab fee is included in the price of the kit. Thank you.
You take a sample from anywhere inside your home. Mark where you took the sample from.
Scrape the peeling paint sample, I collected dust from above the door jam. I tried to go as close to the smell as possible. Mine turned out to be the mulch outside my apartment door, that was pushed up against the house, under the window where I smelled mold strongest. But if you have wet drywall, depending on where it is, you should check your caulking around windows, doors etc. Get a plumber in and have them look for a leak.
I am not a microbiologist. I expect that if you can smell mold, then you have mold in the air. Mold spores precipitate with dust. If you can find horizontal surfaces with collected dust, this kit will identify whether mold is present in the dust.
I bought the Invacare bed, and it came with a mattress. Cheaper all-around and was a fine bed.
We never tried a full 90 degree. My wife only raised it to about 45 degrees. She passed on in March.v
The one I ordered did not - however I was able to purchase one through Amazon that was very good.
I already had their brand from a semi-electric one just transfer them over
The control is on a cord, so it is not wireless, but it was easy for my wife to use it.
Yes, the bed does move up and down as you asked. Only the Full Electric bed performs this way. The range is from a low of 14 inches up to 32 inches, all at the push of a button. Thank you for your interest in The Medical Supplies Store, let us know if we can help in any other way.
As high as it is supposed to and that is with an air mattress
The foam mattress worked well for my mom. Not sure about the inner spring.
Yes it does raise to 36 inches.
It comes with a disposable bag and you do have to purchase bags for it
I went to a professional vacuum cleaning shop, they have been in business over 50 years, I asked the guy is the Dyson the best vacuum and he kind of chuckled and said come with me, he took me through this maze in the back of his shop outside to the boneyard where a huge pile of Dyson's we're piled high, does that answer your question? He said. He went on to say it's a piece of junk, high maintenance and costs a lot of money to clean after about three years of use said go with the sanitaire or an Oreck. I went with the Oreck due too it's lightweight and having a two-story, I love it does the job perfect.
I have had absolutely NO TROUBLE with this Oreck. It is loud, has no light at base, no extra attachments either but this is a great vacuum cleaner.
The handle will lay flat. The whole thing is about 6 inches high with the handle flat.
If the U2000R-1 is the red one, I think it is the newer version. Not sure of any other differences, but you can call an Oreck dealer and they might be able to tell you.
Yes, and it works very well on other hard surfaces like tile too. Instead of blowing the dirt and dust away as you come close to it, the suction pulls it right in. It saves SO much time when you're not chasing dirt around the floor!
4.0 amp
The cord is 36 feet.
This is a very basic no frills, no attachments, vac. But it is only 10 pounds. So you should be able to use it on steps.
120 volts 60HZ 4.0 AMP. Not sure how that trasnlates to watts... hope i was able to help.. happy holidays
from: don. you can get those channels and more that also depense on the area you live in. i item for my liveroom tv and it works just fine some days i get more than 80 channels. but th airlink do turn it self off after begin on for some time it still works great though i had no problems with since i receive it.
Nothing just hook to tv and scan for channels depending on the position you could possibly pull lots of channels....I brought this for my aunt and she loved it..no cable bills
IT NEEDS AN ANTENNA FOR IT TO WORK
It is a very rigid glue line assuming its mixed correctly as are most epoxies.
Yes and Yes. It has worked vry well for me in various apps - including wood to metal. Cures a little slower than indicated, but we live in a very cool-damp climate in the PNW.
When it cures Bob it's almost like glass so trim it while it's soft. The good news is you have plenty of time to do that.Mineral spirits will have a negative effect on the integrity of the glue so use caution.
There is not an expiration date on the epoxy.
like Honey.
Yes
It's 50/50 on the mixture ratio. You don't have to be that accurate, I usually put some on a wax paper, then put about the same size of the other bottle next to it then mix them together with a tooth pick or something I can throw away. BTW Isopropyl alcohol can be used to clean up the area around what you glue as long as the mixture has not setup.
No
The epoxy bottle is marked "Net Wt. Combined 9 oz". The hardener bottle says nothing so I assume this means each bottle is 4.5 oz.
Not very. However for most things I have done I am spreading a very thin layer and then putting the two pieces together so there is little opportunity to run. I know it will run even after fifteen minutes it I have some that has flowed out of the joint so I try to keep things as horizontal as possible.
No, Amber / Golden When Hardened
It dries mostly clear. It has the tendency for small air bubbles to form. I think this is mostly normal for the type of material (epoxy). I apply a small heat, a lighter, right after application to remove the bubbles. Be cautious because too much heat will thin the epoxy and it may run.
It is the combined weight. Printed in very small text on one bottle it says about the net weight "When combined."
There are 10 sets for 10 nametags.
It will hold patch and make it removable
These are just magnets. They are used to attach your name tag to your shirt to avoid pinning it and making holes.
My magnets say not to be used by people with pace makers.
The magnets are attached to the metal bar. You could use the bar as one very strong magnet. You wouldn't have to worry about breaking them.
Our magnets are green and silver.
no they are not
They are for 10 badges. They are strong and well liked by my group.
10 separate name tags. 10 Magnets and 10 metal parts with double stick tape on them.
Yes it does in the lid..and it maintains the temperature fairly well..nearly as well as my Brinsea does.
The vent hole is approximately a 1/2 inch in diameter.
It is if you position the turner with motor on same side as the reservoir openings. There is plenty of space to pour from a gallon jug.
This model should alternate the display by showing the temp and then the humidity by default. You will see the temp for approx 2 seconds and then the humidity for approx 2 seconds and so on and so forth. It is not recommended that you adjust the temp manually as it is already at an ideal temperature of ~100 degrees. However, if you are experiencing temperatures that are consistently too high or too low, the instructions included in the box tell how to adjust the temp manually.
I never tried hatching reptiles..what i know is, it holds temperature well and didn't fluctuate too much..so if you set it to the correct temperature and humidity..and turn them as you should then i don't see why it would be much different.
That light is always flashing. At least in my case it was. I believe it is nothing more than an indicator light to let you know the unit is working properly. As for your temperature and humidity, they are perfect. 100 degrees is the IDEAL temperature. For the humidity, you want anywhere between 45% and 55% for incubation and between 55% and 65% for hatching. I have had two VERY successful hatched using this incubator and formula.
this unit does not come with an egg turner. the school specialty, that holds 42 chicken eggs, works well in the genesis. i recommend this incubator and turner highly.
It varies at the different stages of incubation. You would be wise to go to any store and pick up a digital temp/humidity gauge and place it next to your unit, as the room humidity level also can affect the humidity in your unit. Also purchase or visit your library for: Damerow's "Hatching and Brooding your own chicks". This is a great reference for the entire process including trouble shooting.
I never hatched turkey's, i'm not sure what adaptations would need to be made..but i hatched Geese in it and Ducks of various varieties and it worked great! holds the temp pretty well..i had to add water pretty frequently..about daily though.
It comes with the standard a/c plug in but it has a disconnect on the cord where it can be plugged into a d/c for battery operation. The d/c kit is sold separately
It comes with a 10-foot x 1-7/8-inch flex hose and a 11-foot x 1-7/8-inch hose extention. It is in the product details I copied and pasted it for you.
Very possible. Though, it would probably be better to mount a few wheels (3) to a piece of plywood, then mount the plywood to the base of the vacuum with a few self taping screws. Just a thought.
China
The 510 has 1 optional filter the VWFD Fine Dust Filter. It will capture particles down to 1 Micron. However it is not washable like the standard filter.
A 2 stage motor should provide more suction pressure. It is different than CFM which is the flow rate. Suction pressure is how hard it pulls your hand when you block the hose with your hand. The flow rate, CFM is really what people notice when picking up debris. I am a vacuum mechanical engineer for another company.
About. 18 inches
Yes. Absolutely. I have personally sprayed mine down about two or three times in the last two years. Hope this helps.
I have added on another hose from another vacuum and it works fine. The amperage on the vacuum is high enough to compensate for the added hose length.
don't know exactly what you're talking about, but the part which plugs into the vac is 2 1/4
Yes, it does have to be released (one little push arm on left side) . Because the bottom of the blue canister sits on a receiving wall mount. But it is a easy task to rome and empty. Very light weight. Maybe 4or5 lbs. I have been extremly happy with this powerful vacuum. Works great.
Each increment is about 3/16 with the exception of the tip which is around 1/4 inch.
Hi Randy, The 3/16"-1/2"(six step drill) and the 1/8"-1/2"(thirteen step drill) both have 1/4" shank. The 1/4"-3/4"(nine step drill) has a 3/8" shank. Hope this will help you?
I mainly use them for sheet metal. They allow you to cut very neat holes whereas a regular drill bit tends to tear sheet metal into shreds. I have also heard it works well with Plexiglas and other like objects.
Not sure on warranty but u have the same set and I've opened up a bunch of 12 gauge doors with no problem. Maybe you got a bad one
I don't see why not. I used a cordless drill and it worked great!
yes, the shanks have triple flats, so the chuck gets a really good grip on them.
For the price they wil work but don't last. You get what u pay for. worked for me.
They will all fit in a standard 3/8 drill chuck, which most basic standard drills come with.
very hard to read but it looks like Bit 1 (narrowest) 1/8, 5/32, 3/16, 7/32, 1/4, 9/32, 5/16, 11/32, 7/16, 15/32, 1/2 Bit 2: 3/16, 1/4, 5/16, 3/8, 7/17, 1/2 bit 3: 1/4, 5/16, 3/8, 7/16, 1/2, 9/16, 5/8, 11/16, 3/5
Yes. Be sure to use oil.
No. According to nih search result of inactive ingredients for this flavor it does contain: water, sorbitol, hydrated silica, glycerin, PEG-8, cocamidopropyl betaine, flavor, titanium dioxide, xanthan gum, sodium saccharin, sodium hydroxide
according to Glaxo Smith Kline none of their products contain Triclosan.
I have not noticed an increased sensitivity.
This toothpaste is still mint flavored, though not as strong as Crest or Aquafresh. The flavor is roughly on par with the Shaun White flavor of Stride gum.
Not that I can tell.
I have only noticed a shade difference however the sensitive part has been wonderful.
Some fluoride is beneficial, but if you have concerns then you should purchase their original as it doesn't contain any. On their website it says they use it to fight cavities and clean teeth. Hope that helps!
If you select Sensodyne Repair and Protect Toothpaste you will get Novamin as it is in that formula.
ProNamel products have been specially formulated to help protect teeth from the effects of acid erosion. It helps to re-harden acid-softened enamel, has low abrasivity and is formulated for people with sensitive teeth. The active ingredient in Sensodyne Repair & Protect, stannous fluoride, builds a repairing layer over the vulnerable areas of your teeth, to protect from pain. As far as I can tell.
I've been using it for several months and don't see much of a difference. Maybe just a "smidgen" whiter. :)
1 oz. tubes come with a screw-on brush applicator tip for large areas but I seldom use it because its very wasteful. A small stiff flat brush works better for seam sealing. A nitrile glove is good for applying by finger, fixed cracking Sorel boots and rubber waders. Permanent solid repair and sealer. Items will rot away before the Seam Grip repair does. Absolutely amazing.
How large is the rupture in your bouncy house are you trying to patch? If it is just a hole or a small tear I bet it would work awesome. On a 1 inch rip I would apply it on both sides if possible and let it dry. On something larger I would use it with a patch kit. The stuff is bomber once dry but a little tricky to apply. I sealed up my bivy and tubs of my tents with it year ago and they still do not leak at all.
The applicator will remove from the smaller sizes. However, they do NOT fit the larger tube. What we did was save the brushes from the smaller tubes and just flushed it by hand.
As a union painter i can tell you that laquer thinner or nail polish remover will be your best bet.. once dry nothing will get it out.. so clean it right away
For the problem you describe, I wound use this or wet-suit seam sealer. It is messy so be prepared.
I think it would do nicely. Used it on my daughters rag top convertible with much success!
I don't see why it wouldn't work for that... Obviously if it had direct and frequent foot traffic on the seam grip itself it might not hold up.
It dries clear and remains flexible on many surfaces but baby powder to kill tackiness will dull it. Maybe a clear caulk will be better.
Cheap, small, metal-handle brushes with bristles trimmed short and stiff. Good for sealing seams on tarps and tents with best control and least waste. The large applicator can be very wasteful. For fingertip application I use a nitrile glove. Avoid bare finger, a drying effect, messy. To reuse brushes wash in a small amount of acetone, blot and dry. Rather than using expensive 1oz tubes(~$7.00ea) the 8oz tube is $22 and lasts forever if stored in a freezer between uses. Stay well ventilated and Enjoy!
I doubt it. Need a cobbler for leather. Saves cracked rubber boots, even if all the way through.
They are an 1/8 oz but these are the only ones i will buy. None are ever broken like when you order from some of the other pkaces. Also no leaks.
When I ordered a smaller set version because I needed some more, I remember that the company on the package was Chinaglaze. Other than that information, I'm not really sure. The caps are plastic and I don't think they would sustain in high temperatures.
they are about 21/2 inches high and 1/4 in top opening great bottle for anointing oil we use in our church for samples to distribute to our members
yes, they were brand new and sealed. no problem whatsoever
I don't know exactly. But it is not paper
approximate measurements: Outside diameter: 5 1/4cm or 2 2/8 inch opening diameter: 1cm or .4 inch
If you use a step down Xformer.
No, you can' t. You will need to connect it to a Head Amp.
The MF V-DAC 2 comes with a 12V Wallwart . But as with the previous model , it can sound a lot better with a good linear power supply . I used the Pyramid 3-amp 12v Power supply . Which is reasonably cheap and has been working for years . It just sounds better , fuller and richer bass , It depends on how fussy you are , I am really fussy . I also have a peachtree DAC-it and I am about to get a proper power supply for it also as the sound is thin and needs some UMPH .
Yes it is. I have both an optical input and a USB input and I am able to switch between the two. Occasionally, I have to switch it off to get the signal light, but that's only happened a couple of times. I cannot answer as to how it responds if you have all 3 inputs in, as to whether it only selects the one that is "on".
No... just your hand holding it closed.
The EZ Reacher can lift a brick as well as a cigarette butt but I am not sure how much pressure it can sustain to pull something overhead. I would buy one and see. It can be used for so much that you would not be remiss in having one around.
Mine is 4 1/2" wide. I have [picked up larger items when there has been an edge or protrusion to grab.
Not only will it pick up small tree limbs but large ones as well. I even pick up brick with it and place it on my hand. Tough tool and great for the back. No bending or stooping.
click the cancel button
I have two 2 1/2 Gallon Shopvacs. They are both called Hang On 2 1/2 Gallon-2 1/2 Horse power units. They are called Hang ons because theyh are made to hang on the wall. They did not come with wheels. They are flat bottom with no place to put wheels. Click on Picture at laft. Hope this is helpfull to you.
The crook in the tube is inserted into the debris holding bucket directing the material in a downward direction
For a little shop-vac it has the power. I used it in the truck and in the car there is pick up real good.And I used it on small job it is a good vac. thank you all.
Not well. I bought this for small pickup on jobs where lugging out the larger vac was not worth it. Honestly, this wont even pick up a dry Cheerio. Don't waste your money
You have the option of using the flat wrap around blue filter (around the center paper cartridge) as well as a bag. The bag keeps all debris out of the canister and keeps canister nice and clean. Your choice.
Kind of Snaps on. but dont waste your money. This wont even pick up a dry dust bunny
2.5
Yes, it does have a blower port.
Not.
I use 30 gallon bags or larger & it's perfect!
The can is tapered, smaller at the bottom then the top. Also, it has handles that should be taken into account if space is an issue. I hope this helps you; I can certainly understand the confusion. Here are the demensions I came up with: The can is 30" tall. The bottom is 16" wide and 7" deep The top WITHOUT HANDLES is 19 15/16" wide and 10 7/8" deep The top WITH HANDLES is 22" wide and 10 7/8" deep I hope this helps you!
it's pretty heavy duty and since it has no lid, I'm not sure how I / you would like it not being able to be sealed after the garbage is in it before you empty it. I actually think something with a lid would do better. Plus, since it's so narrow, a lot of things may not fit in it - kinda depends on how you sort your trash. If you did use it as a kitchen can, you'd want to put some type of plastic trash bag in it as a liner.
It fits between my washer and a table. Only had 11 inches and nothing else would fit and be tall. I really like it. Heavy duty plastic-this will never break or crack
The top (including the handles) is 10 1/2 x 22. The bottom measures 7 x 16.
It has LDPE stamped under the recycle symbol on the underside of the container.
No, it does not come with a kid, and the one I found was almost just as much as the trash can itself...
It seems to be as I've thrown cups of liquids away and it has never leaked. However, the lid is not.
Correct, no lid
I use an industrial sized mop I bought at Costco. It fits fine. The squeezer part of the mop bucket is just a little over 8 inches wide. Very heavy duty. I'm very happy with the product.
yes it has a good ringer but your strength to push the handle is the real force for the wringing. It is a good bucket. A bit on the large side. It can tip when you are using it if you are not careful. It does not beat the old metal buckets of my childhood for a good ringer.
There was only part of a sticker left on the bottom of the basin of the unit which (gasp and grown) said "Atlanta, GA"... I do not know if it was made there or if the company who distributes it is from there as there is not enough of the sticker remaining to know for sure. If it is made in USA, it saddens me that this poor quality represents our workmanship. (sigh)
I can't remember if there was an extra bit on the wheel posts, so I went and looked--on mine, the post that inserts into the bucket is black, so I would say--if the posts fits in the bucket, then no, the black cover does not come off.
Yes,I think so. It weighs 13 pounds vs 25 pounds for my old steel unit. Have great day!! Don L.
Don't think I should respond to this one
Yes
It doesn't scoot away when you use the wringer.
This unit does not have separated sections; this is a "fill - use - dump" style of bucket, but the best I have ever used in my application of need for a mop bucket.
Bucket holds comfortably 6 gallons just below the wringer unit, if you use it without the wringer (which I did) it will hold 8 gallons...
The battery is a CR2032 Lithium "coin type" cell.Wixey uses this cell in most of their digital measuring instruments of this size.They usually give you a spare one as well.I use this unit on my Delta 12 1/2" planer as well as one on my drum sander.I have several of the Wixey digital measuring devices and they all work very well and are easy to install if you take the time to read and follow the directions.This unit is exactly the same as ones from other sources.The battery is a common one and available all over.This is an old Shop Teacher talking to you and if you follow my advice to read and follow the directions,you will be rewarded with a fine addition to your machine.
I've put it on my a 40200 and it is great, I wouldn't plane a board without it now.
yes I am using it for my delta Planer
I haven't but i put it on a 24" grizzly and there where no directions for it. It works great and it would be no problem to put it on the central. Should fit on any portable planer with the standard directions.
my wixey is attached to 15 in planer with moveable bed. installation was a little tricky. but possible. some drilling and tapping was necessary to stabilize the unit, but now duplicating thicknesses is no longer a trial and error procedure. great product, never run planer without.
Yes
Randy, probably overkill for your benchtop planer, but I used a Wixey WR550 Remote Planer Readout for my Grizzley 15"x8" planer here and it works flawlessly. The scale is mounted behind the far left post (out of harms way), and the readout is mounted for a perfect viewing angel upfront right by the adjusting wheel. The scale is mounted "upside down" so the readout decreases as the bed is raised. Hope this helps.
2 1/8 inches
If you are ordering the WR510 it uses Type 2 AAA.
Yes
Yes it comes in a hard plastic case.
That was an excellent question. I have not had to change the battery yet. I did a search on the Wixey website and found the ower's maunal in .pdf (http://wixey.com/calipers/owners/images/wr100_instruction-manual.pdf). The battery compartment is on the top and to the left of the stop screw. The picture in the .pdf shows its location and type. Thanks, now I know how to change it. This caliper has been very dependable and useful for me. No problems incountered.
No!!!
Yes. Very nice set for the price. Use mind for reloading so accuracy a must.
I purchased the UT3000 and it has a very sturdy pre drilled base plate that made it very easy to mount to my four wheeler for me to use as needed durring the riding season and also for lifting and lowering my snow plow blade on my four wheeler. It is a very durrable small system. It has pulled us out of some situations with my four wheeler with no problem and if you are looking to use it as a car hauling pull up winch, I think you would be o.k. as long as you had rolling wheels. Dead drag might not be strong enough. Hope that helps some.
Sure, if rigged right it will do it.
It will draw juice but it shouldn't completely drain the battery. Make sure its fully charged when you head out.
This can be confusing... SuperWinch site had not updated the product page, and it fact it said that the ball hitch mounting plate they offer is not compatible with the UT3000... and so I contacted them about it. They told me that their Ball Hitch Mounting Plate #2060 is, indeed, compatible with the UT3000.
No It holds it's position very well
Yes, mine is installed on a Polaris RZR (UTV) with a beefy front bumper. It sits up high out front, not under the front end. However, I think it would fit under the front end as well. I used to have a Polaris Ranger with a winch. This Superwinch would have fit it just fine. I really like this winch. Easy to install and use.
Nope.
Sure, why not? You will just have to fab up a backing plate and drill holes.
I mounted mine to a trailer ball plate with 2 bolts.the plate has 4 additional holes at the corners
Is there a receiver on the hitch? Square tube insert that the ball and tube pull out of? Ussually secured by a pin. If you mount the winch to a peice of 2x2x1/4" tube it will slide right in the receiver. You can also buy the adapter tube that fits this winch and fits a class III receiver. I belive they are around $40. I just purchased a small peice of tube from a local steel shop and drilled it my self.
I bought these in October 2013 - total packages is 6. The package color was red.
I don't know. I use it to cement fused glass to metal iin my jewelry business.
I've never used epoxy outside, only inside. I would give it a try but make sure both surfaces are rough. If they're smooth the epoxy won't bond well so use sand paper to rough up the surfaces.
yes but will be a bit runny
Directions say it can be applied above 40 degrees. At that temp it's very hard to spread. I'll put it on when the temp is warmer from now on.
If your situation allows you to apply this product on the outside then by all means do so.
It's clear/translucent.
I believe it says to do it on the inside. I'm sure you could do it on the outside, but when I used it, I used the seal on the inside. It does work as advertised. I will say, I had to work a bit to get it off in the spring though. I think this year I am going to use this but I'm still going to use the plastic on the windows. I still felt the coldness, but it's probably because the windows in my apartment are just really old.
Try 3m caulk remover. May not dissolve it, but at least should make removal easier
Sorry, I don't remember how much I used. I sealed four or five windows with two tubes and had some left over. This is the best thing since sliced bread.
It will initially adhere but this is a relatively light duty sealant, not a heavy duty caulking. Your blue tarp application suggests possible unavoidable movement or required flexibility that may be beyond this product's long term capability.
I'm sorry but I have not used the product on vinyl. I t is a superior product on wood and metal.
It does unless your kid is very heavy and the cart is full. Depends on how dry or wet the sand is but if you just want to pull it with beach stuff inside it definitelly works well.
Yes!! We received ours yesterday and it's a POS. It says "Creative Outdoor Distributors" all over the wagon, tag, et cetera, the box, storage bag and handle assembly is damaged, and we are trying to contact somebody to request a refund and/or a replacement for what we REALLY ordered. Have you found resolve??
Yes has cover but should spray with some tent waterpriif spray
Yes, the canopy and back carrying basket are included. We LOVE our wagon!
Its a dreadful kerosene/diesel smell. We left it outside all winter and all summer. I doused it in febreeze and hosed it down. Everything that touches it stinks. After about 9 months in the sun, rain and winter it smells less, but if we leave it in the car on a hot summer day the smell comes back in full force. Best of luck
No -- the handle moves from side to side, so it's very awkward to push. Pulling is VERY easy.
No.....I feel its unsafe for children because of the chemicals used. I returned mine.
My 5 and 3 year old fit comfortably. We lived it while it lasted. I have to be honest though, after about 3 months and maybe 15-20 uses one of the wields failedd and it was no longer useable. It was super sad.
We have used it all summer long for baseball....what a great help, never had a problem. Best thing I gotten in a long time!!!
MAYBE YOU COULD YOU DOWLING
Yes
No
Yes
No
Mine is installed in a 30inch woodframe doorway but the gate stretches well beyond 36inches. I used 8 inch lag screws that I purchased from Lowe's to mount it inside the door jamb behind the existing door leading to my basement. Should take much more than just kicks to knock it down. Works very well for what I bought it for. Wife is very happy with it.
The recommended length is 3/4In hole into the ground.
The intention is for this to be installed inside the doorframe. The first option you listed.
3/4IN
yes, its possible. This type of gate requires a padlock to lock in place, but its simpley a matter of sticking your arm through an opening. Its not "ideal" but its manageable.
The design is meant for left to right unfolding. But it could be mounted backwards, however, accessing certain things could be inconvenient.
its anode grade for corrosion 95 percent pure
no , its not that grade, its for anodes, not fire starter
texas
Well it says it is 99.9% pure. I am not sure if your stove top gets above 450 but that would take it back off since it melts at 449.
1 lb.
Right at 1lb.
Well I didn't weigh the one a ordered Now I am thinking that I should have Maybe a typo can't remember what the shipping wight was on mine.
treat it as pure tin and work out the dimensions from tin's known density
White.
It's grout. It will fill the area between tiles no matter what they are made of.
I believe it's mildew-resistant, but not mold or mildew "proof." Frankly, I'm not aware of any product that truly is, in spite of product claims to the contrary.
I have not tried it on shower floor tile, but I don't see any reason why it wouldn't. But you must make sure to allow it to dry completely, which is probably at least 72 hours before exposing it to a large amount of water on a shower floor.
Yes
If you use the whole system and clean all the existing grout as well as scrape it with wire brushes, it will be clean enough to use the product Makes it look like new but maintenance is required and it will have to be redone (maybe) semi-annually.
I used this to repair cracked and/or missing grout between wall tiles. The tiles were securely attached to the wall. If your tiles are loose, you will need to use an adhesive first to re-set and secure your loose floor tile.
Hi Sorry but white is the only one I could find in our system. Thank you for your communication texasvalue
If the old grout is crumbly and loose, I would remove it. I did use this product over areas where the grout had receded and was uneven; it has held up well in those areas. Don't try to smooth it with your fingers, use something like an old credit card, hard plastic.
According to DAP: A ready-to-use, water-resistant compound for small interior ceramic and mosaic wall tile installation and repair jobs.
Danna, this one tube would fill a crack 1/2" wide and about 5 foot long, a little more or less. Fill the big expansion cracks to about a half inch of the top with foam rope or pea gravel from the garden store, $3 per 40# bag, tamp it down with a board and a hammer, then add some more to keep it fairly close to the level of the side walk, then add the Dap self-leveling silicone filler. there are several colors so get one and see if you like it and it matches.
No it is sealant. I used it on my driveway to seal between the cement joints. It cures quickly. It self levels to give a smooth professional look after curing. It costs a little more but does a good job. You should use a rope filler in the cracks first and then seal over that. If you don't fill first the sealant will seep through the cracks and use more than you want. Good product.
Yes. It worked great in my expansion joints on my driveway. Clearly states on tube that it is paintable.
That's really going to depend on the surface. If possible, I'd start with a razor blade to try to remove as much as possible. Then try a silicone solvent for whatever is left. Again, a lot is going to depend on the surface with which you're working.
No
I would not use this for plywood. This is outside application . I would expect wood rot over time if appliedthis way.
I would not use in bathroom. This is a product that levels downward to the surface.I would use a anti mildew caulk for this wet area. This product adheres only to concrete or block.i used this for spaces next to patio and house foundation. This kept the ants and water away for good. This product remains soft to move with the heat and cold weather conditions in this state.
I haven't used it around an in ground pool. When applying the surface must be dry. After it dries it will withstand anything you can throw at it. Mine has lasted a year and a half so far. Rain, snow, ice. It has persevered. I don't see why it would not work well for your purpose.
The answer depends very much on how wide the joint is and how wide the joint is. For something like a coping joint, assuming you put the backer rod down about 1/2-3/4", and assuming the joint is about 1/4" wide, then you should get at least 10 feet from a tube. If you look here http://www.dap.com/docs/tech/00010050001.pdf you'll see one answer to your question, but the answer they give on coverage is simplistic and wildly optimistic in my experience.
I don't think it would. It dries like rubber.If I were you.I would get a cement crack sealer that dries like cement.This levels off.But it seeped into the crack after a few weeks.Get something that dries like cement.
As the product info states: "Norwesco tanks are manufactured using resins that meet FDA specifications to ensure safe storage of potable water, and where applicable, our tanks are also NSF approved." THAT SAID, I went over mine with a fine-tooth comb, and cannot find the International Food Safe symbol anywhere on it. Nor do I see the NSF seal on it.
yes if you put a double male 3/4 fitting that you can get at most hardware stores .I also put a shutoff valve on mine the hole set up was about 10.00 or a little less.
Will fit ok on the larger rack of ATV, but remember you are adding over 280 pounds when full.
Product Dimensions 29 x 20 x 23 inches. I got this from Amazon. Hope this helps.
The tank measures approximately 23 inches from the bottom of the "legs" to the top of the black cap.
i am sure you can the company that makes the tank name is on a sticker on the tank. just look them up on line and give them a call
It screw on and has vent cap be sure to purchase at tractor supply its a lot cheaper
I couldn't answer that. Good tank for holding water. Cheaper if you buy it at tractor supply. I found out after I bought mine. Save you $40 with shipping etc.
I use mine for water. Gas would probably eat through it over time.
I think I found the dimensions on Norwesco's webpage
Ship is free with Prime What ever your cost to ship - is worth it
The width of the handle-mounting plate is 8.5 inches wide by about 2.5 inches high. The jaws open to 9 inches overall, but I've lost some of that due to the wooden plates (soft jaws) I've attached to the workbench and the moving plate. The wooden plates that I used are made of maple and are 6 by 12 inches. The handle mounting plate has 4 holes for mounting your wooden plates. The crank and guide tubes extend 13 inches in total from the inside of the handle plate to the end of the tubes, but that distance includes 2.5 inches of wood facing that I've attaced, so I'm guess that from the factory the overall length is 15-16 inches. Mine is mounted to a workbench I made that uses a solid core door for a top and has a 2 by 6 apron inset 4.75 on the sides and 10.75 on the ends. My vise is mounted as an end vise so I had to cut a slot in an end apron that the ends of the tubes pass through.
10x14x2 from memory, guess about 20 lbs
it can slide freely open or closed as needed.
The vise extends about 14" from the inside face when fully closed. That distance will be shortened by the thickness of the wood used and attached to the inside face. Top thickness isn't that critical because the entire assembly is mounted to the underside, I would say a minimum thickness is about 1" to 1-1/2", mine is 3" and I have no issues at all.
Yes. Use paste wax.
if you can do it, you have to buy is the pad that makes the cleaning, there are red, green pad, white, black, each is for a different cleaning, you should seek the one you work
Use a shampoo brush that fits on the underside of the scrubber for carpets.Alternatively,put a red floor pad on to the drive pad assembly for carpet cleaning.For garage,use a hard bristle brush on the machine.Alternatively,put on a black pad to clean the garage.
Scot makes a great spray buff chemical.
Pad driver are 35 for the economy or 65 for the tuffed
Not in a rotary style as above.
I do not think that works for rugs, works on wood or cement floors, carpet not think
This is for the machine only. You will need a pad driver, pads and of course you will need wax
Polish Pad
You need to purchase a buffing pad and possibly a scrubbing pad.
RM-1715 *Brush speed: 175 RPM *Pad size: 17" *Motor: 1.5 h.P. *Power Cord: 50 ft. 3 wire grounded 14 gauge *Handle: Chromed 13 gauge steel 1 " diameter *Wheels: 5 " non marking *Shipping weight: 106 lb *Net weight: 81 lb *Shroud: Polyethylene *Chassis: Polyethylene *Transmission: Triple planetary all steel gears
The overall dimensions are 49 1/4" L x 13 3/4" W x 2" H.
This Northern Industrial Rubber Speed Bump do not interlock with the end caps, they butt up to them and then you anchor all of it down. Connecting 2 or more together would be possible, by putting them end to end. They will not be "hooked" or hinged together.
No, the main body on this is one solid piece.
Yes, there is hepa filter and it comes packed with secondary filter. In search just type in ASIN # B00L03H9TQ. For more assistance you can always call K&M. Thank You
17 lbs
Absolutely super vacuum. Cleans edges well.
This will work nicely on all floor types. The self leveling head does a good job. Also the Royal cr5005, this has height adjust and cost $169
Yes
No, you just pull the front housing off.
No, power and height are not adjustable.......it is, though, a great vacuum
Yes
Brush and crevice tool attachments
Not that I am aware of. That is my only complaint about the vacuum. It works wonderful otherwise.
I feel weird actually being able to help with this question but I happen to work as a prenatal chemical analyst as well as buying these indicators. This product has been successfully used as a component of laboratory testing, to determine whether a given fluid sample is urine or amniotic fluid, via pH (obviously). So basically, I think they'd work on most reasonably clear bodily fluids. I would strongly suggest collecting a fluid sample for testing, rather than employing this product in vivo (don't stick the strip directly into any part of your body). I'm not a doctor, this is advice provided for education/entertainment only, all the above is based solely on my personal experience, etc.
Yes, it does. I have found this product to be useful to me than any of the others I have tried.
This really only works for substances that dissolve fully in water. I tried to measure the pH of a thin cream (the consistency of runny hair conditioner) and it wouldn't read. If your substance is fully liquid, then yes, if not, then no.
It depends on the pH range you are most interested in. My formulations require acidification from neutral (pH7 down to pH4.5) for which these strips are perfect (note where the colors transition in rows 1 and 2). Check the color range in the illustration: where there is a transition from one color to another in any of the 4 rows is where the strips are most useful.
I agree. It takes a little time for figure it out. I think the easiest way to explain it is that there is not 1 row that can test the whole spectrum from 0 to 14. So they've included four rows. For example, if I remember right, the top row will really only test approximately 0-6, the second row approximately 4-10, the third row approximately 9-11 and the fourth row approximately 9-12. There is a little bit of overlap on them, as there should be with the exception of 1-5 which it must've just been hard to find something to test those numbers well. I hope this helps. If you still have questions, please write again. I'd love to help.
I verified my value w Princeton and they say 3.5 pH is typical. Here is the link:https://www.princeton.edu/~achaney/tmve/wiki100k/docs/Orange_juice.html
yes.
That is what I purchased it for and have tested myself both ways, saliva and urine. It doesn't come with any instructions I bought this brand because it was recommended from a medical website. I feel my readings are accurate.
It's just 1 box. That's a picture of both the front and back.
they CoverThe Ph Scale 0 To 14. I Don't KnOw About .3 Or .5
The smell is not a problem to me, it goes away quickly. For a washer or dryer they should work pretty good. I was using them for a roof-mounted air conditioning unit and they helped a lot.
I used them for my air compressor but my AC unit has some similar but I might recommend ones that don't have cork and are full rubber for outdoor use
They look like they can be cut, although I have not tried to cut them. I use 4 pads, I under each corner of a sawdust vacuum system.
These are made to stop mechanical vibrations such as those from a compressor or generator, so I doubt they would be soft enough to stop the more subtle vibrations you are describing.
I don't know the answer to that, however, I use them under 3-5 HP water booster pumps and they work fine. I have also used them under whirlpool (Jucazzi style) bathtubs pumps as well. Hope this helps you some.
No cut sheet. I have these pads under the three legs of an Iron Horse 60 gallon compresson and they work great. I do not have the compressor bolted down.
There is literally only a 4.5 inch hand grip on both the squeegie and the washer unit. The picture is deceptive. It looks like the washer cover/unit is laying over the middle of the entire squeegie unit, but both are pictured with short short handles. I thought I was getting a 12 to 16 inch handle with this unit and people's reviews supported that. If you want to reach even six inches, you need to buy an extention pole.
No. They slip on. It has a hole on the handle so that the plunger-like button that's on the pole can lock it in place.
The rubber blade itself measures 11 and 7/8" by 3/4"
Yes just go to Ettore website
If you are talking about a typical 16ft extension pole, like one for painting or for your pool, no it does not. That is what I did not like about it. They make a special proprietary pole that has a different attachment, requiring you to buy their pole even if you already have one like it at home for another purpose.
You need one pole for each.
Mine came with a sliced blade and I did not want to return it so I bought a replacement blade from Amazon/Ettore. Had to trim, but just fine and not expensive.
No perfect answer, but what I do is put a towel at the base of the window so that the fluid that comes off the squeegee lands (mostly) in the towel. That takes care of the vast majority of the drips.
With this, you get a cloth-type attachment (very thick quality), and a squeezee type attachment. I recommend you purchase the 5' pole extension (it locks the attachments in place to hold them sturdy.) Soap is not included, I just used Windex. Works great, I am very satisfied with it.
Yes
I addressed this same issue with our flooring installer. My understanding is that the Pro Series is a bit more concentrated and works better at eliminating the dirt and build-up on the hardwoods. I read the other answer and I would disagree with the harder finish comment. We have Brazilian Walnut floors and part of the reason this is the only product recommended by our installer is because it does not leave a residue or finish on the floor. It simply eliminates the dirt and lets the natural beauty of the wood come through. I'm likely giving you more information than you want, but if I could make a suggestion that will save you some frustration. Run a little broom vacuum or Swiffer over your hardwoods prior to using your Bono. Hope this helps!
It is similar but the mop part is bigger and the material is a thicker cloth. I actually vacuum or use the dry Swiffer prior to mopping with the Bona just to get up all of the loose debris. Then you just spray the Bona on the floor and mop away!
no - I never did.
I would certainly try it. It is a VERY good floor care product and helps keep floors looking good for years. I would try to rub some mayonnaise on the white spots first since it has something to do with liquid stains. Good luck!
According to the very reputible person who owns the company that installed our hardwood floors, definitely NOT. The beauty of the Bona is there is nothing in it that will change the finish of the floors. Bona is a strong enough cleaner on its own.
I did not mix, put in spray bottle and used it full strength!
The cleaner is suppose to be used to clean, can be used daily if needed - the refresher brings back the finish and is only suppose to be used 2 or so times a year - I would suppose by breaking it down gently and bringing back the shine. I know if you use it too much it will change the finish on the floor. We use these products commercially.
Nothing strong or unpleasant.
There is no Aroma.
I clean my floors with Bona Cleaner once a month and then put the polish on. Then I just wet mop it in between.
I don't think it disinfects but it cleans really well and doesn't streak.
My laminate floors have a texture to it as well and I never had a problem cleaning in between. I do put a harder presser when I mop on these floors.
NO...
I don't find that it has any residual scent but it works great. I did find it at Home Depot too.
No it is ready to use, just refill the container on the machine and you are ready to go. I like it for quick clean up jobs.
I would call the manufacturer.
I can not tell the difference in cleaning ability
There is none. Same product, same price. Works great.
Spray it on the floor a bit at a time and mop with a microfiber pad. I spray a section of 6 tiles, mop them, and move to the next section.
push down on the top of the sprayer and try twisting a quarter turn
Yes
I use it for a laminate floor, and for the tile floor in the bathroom. I don't believe you are supposed to use a steam device on a laminate floor.
Of course.
I line the inside with a plastic trash bag and just pull the whole thing out when full. I never use mine for water, just sawdust.
Yes it can be converted to a blower. Very easy to do
The Vacmaster Wet/Dry vacuum uses a standard 2.5 inch hose. Search on Amazon for "2.5 inch Flexible Hose". You can also go on the Vacmaster website and check for accessories.
Comes with everything. Very nice strong Vac.
Not sure if you really read my review or not but, I believe, it called this vacuum a piece of crap. If you want to waste your money thinking about owning a piece of crap, good for you. If not, but a Sears but no vacuum out there is going to have the cfm to blow out your pool. For that, you need an air compressor
No. It is wired for 110
There is a little metal pin (or button) on the bottom of each side of the handle that you can push in, allowing you to pull up on the handle to remove it for storage. When you need it again, you just slip the handle back and it clips into place. It is located where the handle attaches to the main body. Not quite as handy as folding down, but not too bad. (The vacuum is still going strong, too.)
You could get more power from a hand vac. Never used this thing one time.
No bag needed. Come with everything you need to use!
The inside dimensions of each end of this reversible hook are: 1 3/8" and 1 7/8"
It says it is black in the listing and what I received was black. It works very well...much better than the skinny silver ones!
1 & 3/8 inch thickness is my door the hook is on and it is a little loose. This hook is metal and very strong. I have clothes hanging on it and it does not move.
Not sure - it will depend on how heavy your board is. I use mine to hang dry-cleaning on - and it does bend under the weight sometimes. I think there are over-the-door hangers made specifically for ironing boards that may work better.
I don't know for sure, it is very sturdy and we have been using it for guests and their towels so it can hold a wet bath towel on it, I am also sure it can hold a winter coat. It is a strong solid metal product.
In order to open the bottle, a seal is cracked which is built in to the cover. The dispenser allows for one drop at a time. It appears designed to avoid any tampering.
I wish I could help you, but I really do not know.
I'm not sure on that but I do know it works great on the neck and back muscles
I am sure it is an excellent product, but, like anything it does not work for everyone. I tried it, it burned my skin to the point of being very uncomfortable, I had to wash it off. I notified Amazon. They said send it back, they sent me the shipping lable, I sent it and they refunded me. Amazon is an excellent co. to work with, they are First Class.
I think you can order them from Amazon at the same time you order the vacuum. If not, you can order them from the manufacturer. They'll send you an order form with the vacuum. By the way, you can use the bags two or three times, emptying them each time.
Yes, there are a couple paper filters that come with the vacuum; after that you can purchase them on Amazon.com. They are a tad delicate, but I've managed to make each one last through several cleanings.
It is 11 feet long and is not retractable.
I can't explain that one. I wanted the corded vacuum and I am so very pleased with the amount of power this little, light-weight machine produces.
No
I think these review might help you in regards to your questions about the vacuum.
No output just an exhaust
yes it is normal household 110
Its only about 2 ft.long Not nearly long enough. Its a very powerful little Vac though
I'm not sure.
JT...the total length is 23".
Your in luck, it is 3/4"
The regular hand crank works. The size of the nut on the jacks are pretty much universal so any hand crank should work. I just bought one (Bal 20032) off of Amazon. Or, you can buy a 1/2" drive 7 amp impact wrench and plug it into your generator. Much easier and faster.
It's always a good idea to turn off the gas. That said, I did not and it's not necessary - as long as your oven valve is off and you don't have any gas leaks in or around your stove.
Yes it does
Hi, it works great on my Norge stove. You just need to look at your stoves part list and refeerence the part number to see if they are the same.Personally I have no troubles on mind and the part number where exact match.Good luck
According to the website I checked, your oven has a broil ignitor and a bake ignitor. They have two different part numbers. The 12400035 looks like a replacement for the broil ignitor. I could not find a definite match on part numbers so this is my best guess.
I am not an appliance repairman, however, according to the website I checked, your model oven uses a "Flat Style Oven Ignitor" with a manufacturers part number of "12400035". So I would have to say yes. This video shows you how to change it. http://www.appliancepartspros.com/whirlpool-flat-style-oven-12400035-ap4012072.html#autoplay
Yes it comes with ceramic wire nuts, be advised they are difficult to work with if you have not used them before.
Yes, the ceramic wire nuts are provided in case you need to use the original connector on the existing ignitor.
Hello Bernard ,what I did is go on a website like appliancerepair.com and reference the part number they will tell you what works with your stove. More than likely it will work. Most ignitors are all the same. Good luck Law
Hello not sure of the question, the part number is 12400035. This works perfect on my stove. Many stove manufactures use the same ignitor such as this one. A little search and you can cross refence what is capatable with your stove.Takes little time to change and there are good references on YOU TUBE to watch Good Luck law
You could go to repairclinic.com and find the original OEM part number. Then look for it on Amazon by the part number.
I just installed the Watts 20 port manifold, and all you need to do is plug in 1/2" PEX into the ports. The Manifold comes with the inserts and attachment brackets so you don't need anything else. Note that the main supply lines at the bottom are 1" and at the top 3/4". Works fine, no leaks.
You can use the removal tool for Shark Bite PEX connectors. Home Depot has these according to size of the PEX pipe. Also, my removal tool came with the WATTS Manifold along with a lot of other fittings and adapters.
A 3/4 inch removal tool comes with the manifold. You can purchase a 1/2 inch removal tool at hardware stores that sell pex tubing.
With it's mondular design you can expect it to be a little wobbly the one I have installed in my house was and works fine, it did get rigid because I mounted it on a stud :). No issues though and I like being able to expand it if needed. Only issue I had was that the valves would cut a small pice of plastic first time I used them, make sure you don't get pices of plastic stuck in your pipes and good luck with your installation!
Yes. I have Apollo and sharkbite brands both attached. Best thing I've bought yet
26"x22"x3" Very good product, works as expected without flaws so far (installed 1 year ago)
Hi Ken, Thanks for contacting us, the estimated shipping to Australia is $280.00 Dollars. If you have any other question, please let us know. Signal Test Inc.
Trigger mode is edge, pulse , slope, video, alternate. Trigger source is Channel 1, Channel 2, External, AC Line. It does not seem to have an X-Y source, but has the AC Line you wanted. Sorry for the delay. Hope this helps.
This is AC only and there is no battery inside. You could use a small UPS for computers like you can get at an office supply store and likely run it for a few hours. The specs say less than 50W so it is on par with a laptop.
Current, voltage and power are usually measured with multimeters, not oscilloscopes. Oscilloscopes can measure, for example, current by using a shunt or higher voltages by using voltage dividers but typically with oscilloscopes you would be intrested in "looking at" waveforms, voltage curves, spikes, frequency, digital or analog outputs, etc. You can use an oscilloscope to measure voltages, for example, but it is a pain and someting a multimeter can do for you much easier.
Yes, it comes with two probes (1x or 10x selectable). Additionally, there are two hook tips included for the probes.
-DEMO means open box, supposedly used for trade shows or other demo situations. Buyer beware. Could work out fine, but usually this model is the same price for new.
Nope
Hello, Thank you for your message. There is a 3 year warranty from Rigol. It ships to Oregon for warranty service. Regards, Customer Service
Hello, Thank you for your message. Our stock ships from Pennsylvania and transit time to Florida is approximately 3 business days. Regards, Customer Service
No it doesn't.
There is no on/off switch. But my understanding is that the battery lasts a long time, like a digital watch. So you would wind up replacing the battery after some time (I seem to recall some other reviewer saying more than a year). You can always open it up and remove the battery to stop it. Mine is still running from when I got it four months ago. One possible silver lining is that it may be more weatherproof without a switch...maybe I'm just being an optimist. BTW, it will measure higher temps than advertised! That's cool, too.
In my experience, the probe and the rubber covered wire are waterproof. I have not attempted to sink the housing with the battery.
It is not :/
Yes it is
The probe is the only place that the temperature is measured.
You could splice another length of wire in, if you are used to small-wire connections. Warning: I bought one of these in May of 2013; put it in service in July of 2013; kept it in a building (unheated) the entire time. It worked passably well until a week ago. The temperature outside is 37 F right now, but this unit says it is 126 F! Not a battery problem. If you are going to go to the trouble of splicing wires, get a thermometer that works. I've tried several for a critical heat control issue I have with my farming. Only one has continued to work: Taylor Digital Waterproof Maximum/Minimum Thermometer, -20 to 120 Degrees F ; this is a dual-wire device, same 10' leads, and it is more-or-less accurate. The others, including the one you are asking about, fail or are seriously out of calibration (worst: General Tools AQ150 Digital Aquarium Thermometer & Thomas Traceable Waterproof Thermometer, -58 to 572 degree F - Don't waste your money!)JBK
Hi Brent, I've just opened one of them up, and the answer is no. There is no off set or gain potentiometer that would allow a calibration. I have been using temperature devices for years, and I have to have them calibrated annually. I have never had a 0.5C thermocouple be out out of spec--only an RTD one that goes to hundredths of a degree. They typically do not go bad or drift (unless damaged). Regards, Daryl
It can do both.
I haven't tried this unit in a thermowell, but the sensing element is a small cylindrical end that could certainly fit into a well. I would suggest you might want to stuff something into the well to get the sensor into intimate contact with the wall of the well for faster and more accurate response. The sensor is pretty small. Not good for high temperatures that could melt the cable from the sensor to the display. Unit worked well for a freezer application.
indoor use only
The hub thickness is 1.5".
8" Overall diameter!
Yes. Solid rubber.
It's 1/2"
Not sure. Wagon I built with them is gone. One side of hub protrudes and the other side is recessed. Worked for the child's wagon I built. Sorry I can't be of more help.
Yes we actually installed them on a child's wagon. Let me say however that these are very sturdy and strong wheels
if you mean diameter, it is 1/2"
Hey Charlie, I don't know if it would fit. But these wheels are not the best. I bought a few of them and they all fell apart after using them once for a light weight hand truck. I hope that helps you.
About four inches
The diameter of the axel hole is 5/8"
We have contacted Amazon to fix the product image. This matter will be taken cared of shortly.
Amazon tends to merge items that have similar qualities with the belief that it is the same product. This is not a case of 10. We are trying to get this fix as soon as possible.
It's just individual bottle.
I believe it will work on any rubber surface and will remain flexible which is why it was ideal for use on my fishing boots.
I have not used it on the outside of anything, but from what I remember when I was cleaning up the glue, it was not sticky, if this is what you need. It is flexible but not grippy.
Yes
It should keep for a long time as long as you squeeze the air out.
I used this on neoprene waders been a year now so its' been holding on real well, not sure on the dragon skin deal, but works well on neoprene waders :) made a 300.00 set of waders not leak anymore and its clear so not noticeable. I hope this helps :)
This is by far the strongest toughest and still be pliable at same time. I was impressed. I've used it on waders,wet suite, being from south I'm not familiar with snow pants but I feel that if applied to both sides very thin and allow full time to set I cannot visualize why it wouldn't work. Hope this long response helps. Great product!!
Yes I think it work with no problem... Let me know if you get through...
I don't think it is made for that kind of pressure. I have had success with slime to fix standard bicycle intertubes.I am not familiar with butyl.
The urethane remains flexible after it is cured. You may lose some tackiness, however. Material like shoo goo is a polymer that is solvated. Once the solvent evaporates the film is hard. Louie Winslow Regards, Louie Winslow
Very good question. A block and tackle system with a 7:1 ratio means that if you try to lift a 7 pound weight you will only have to pull with 1 pound of force. For every 7 feet of rope you pull, the weight will rise 1 foot. I use my block and tackle to weigh my scuba gear before travelling. My 50 pound bag needs only 7.1 pounds of effort to lift it.
The Length of the rope determines how high something can be lifted with this pulley system. The formula is as follows Height to be lifted X the number of pulleys + 15 feet.
It does not have a brake, once you lift with it, you do have to hang on to the rope or it comes right back down. If you have something sturdy close by you could always tie the rope off to it. Maybe a cleat hitch attached to stud if in a garage or shed. I would think, depending on how heavy the load your lifting, you will need something pretty heavy to attach it on to hold it up safely
You got to remember there is only 65 feet of rope. To be exact it is 8 1/2 feet. Have someone hold the stationary block pull out the rope holding the traveling block all the way out to the end of rope that you pull on. The more rope you have the longer the lift.
20"
Maybe but it would be tight.
It does not say on the device where it was made. I will say, however, that it is strongly built, much better than pulleys I found at HD.
I would use the nylon rope supplied , it's easyer to bend around the pulleys
yes it will automatically do that and combine the shipping. Thanks
about 17 inches
we use ours to feed anywhere between 1 gal and 20 gal per day it takes some trial and error to get the setting where you want it. we have it tied to a pressure switch and it probably runs 13 hours per day.
no
There is no timer built into the unit. I have mine wired to run whenever the main water pump runs. Its wired through the same pressure switch that turns on the pump.
Yes... Mine did
yes
120 VOLT
NovaMin is a brand name of chemical used to strengthen tooth surfaces by deposition of minerals. The active ingredient is calcium sodium phosphosilicate. Sensitive teeth can be caused by little pores or tubules through the enamel of the teeth; NovaMin helps block these little tubules thereby reducing sensitivity. It apparently works as Glaxo-Smith-Kline bought the company several years back; GSK wouldn't have bought something that did not have research data to back it up. I believe it is available only through prescription or from your dentist in the US. Sensodyne Repair & Protect has NovaMin and can be obtained on Amazon from a UK seller.
Short Answer: No (I don't think so) Long answer: According to my box the ingredients are: xylitol, purified water, calcite, glycerin, poloxamer, cellulose gum, Methocel, calcium propionate, lactoferrin I am sure there are no essential oils or flavors in the paste (I am sensitive to these). Methocel is the only ingredient I don't recognize. It's made by Dow. According to Dow's website Methocel is "cellulose ethers [that] are water-soluble methylcellulose and hydroxypropyl methylcellulose polymers. They're derived from pine pulp, the most abundant polymer in nature, and used as thickeners, binders, film-formers and for water-retention. They also function as suspension aids, protective colloids and emulsifiers." Lactoferrin is from milk, so tooth builder is *not* vegan. More info on the sources of ingredients is available on squigle[dot]com, and if you're still worried you can email them.
I don't know. I use it for gum inflammation and it's very soothing yet effective product.
I had sensitive teeth to cold foods and my experience with this toothpaste was that it did help it. I had tried Other toothpastes made for sensitive teeth and found them to not help. What worked the best for me was giving up flouride in my tooth care products. Squigle toothpaste and Spry mouthwash have decreased my sensitivity a lot.
No, it really doesn't have a flavor at all.
No
I have read this many times on the internet. I know this to be true because when I used Dr.Collins Restore toothpaste, I noticed new bone growth occurring in my teeth where I had lost bone from periodontal disease. Dr. Collins does not contain glycerin or flouride which also inhibits the growth of new bone. Therefore when I used Squigle, I did not get any new bone growth so I attribute that to the presense of glycerin in the product.
Veeners are not a biological material and therefore I would go with Diamynt toothpaste because you would want to keep them nice "good". Tooth Builder is probably not "good" for veneers for the simple fact that it probably won't accomplish polishing and brightening them up; however, it is an excellent healthy product choice for the real teeth underneath. Use Tooth Builder maybe just on the molars and Diamynt in the front.. that's what I would probably do with veneers.
No, no fluoride.
I used a colgate sensitive toothpaste a couple days before I got this one, then almost overnight it was gone. I might have used Squigle 2 days. It sure didn't feel like it would do anything. But I am still using it just in case, sometimes I feel a little sensitive thing maybe starting once in a while, but then I brush my teeth and it's fine. Just unbelievable to me, cause I don't like doctors/dentist and probably wouldn't go. So I kept reading online what other people have done for home remedies. Xylitol seems to be the key, I also bought the mouthwash Crest for sensitive teeth and use it after the toothpaste once a day (sometimes I forget too). It had the xylitol in it too. Good luck! I hope this helps. I did see a similar toothpaste on Swanson Vitamins for half the cost of Squigle, so I was thinking of trying that one next. But I definitely recommend this SQUIGLE!!!
(5) ounces to one gallon per instructions
This doesn't really answer your question since I have a Hoover rug shampooer, but I have used this shampoo and other brands of shampoos in my Hoover machine. I have never seen any difference with using this shampoo in my Hoover machine and other shampoos in my Hoover machine.
yes
I could'nt say. I dont have the money to try the different types. I found one that works great, so I keep on buying it because it always works. I can say that did try cheaper soap that was not a low-sudds soap. That cheaper soap was a mess and had to throw it out. With that said i would try a cheaper soap it someone told me it works just as good. But like most of you i have have more important things to do than spend any more time on finding a good carpet soap. I found one and move on.
it does have a weird smell but it isn't very strong. I just took a whiff so it seems okay to me.
I like the odor I think it smells fresh and clean
It is, in that it cleans so well that it eliminates odors. Hover, we also vacuum first with Glade Carpet and room Deodorizer and the Hoover Clean Plus, before using the Carpet Cleaner macine.
Yes it does. It smells better than others I've used in past and goes away within day. No lingering perfume smell.
I don't know the answer to that, however this does a great job on the carpets.
Not sure what a power scrub is but I use it in my BISSELL Lift-Off Deep Cleaner(carpet shampooer).
Yes, it works with digital just fine, including digital audio tracks on Blu-Ray, and that's why I bought this one. If it's multichannel, it'll obviously be mixed down to stereo, but it definitely works. My TV simply does a pass-thru of digital, which is why I had to spend a little more and get this rather than a cheaper analog only converter. Just in case you don't know, you'll also need to have optical-out on your TV/Device and an optical cable to use this.
The red & white RCA cords to the back of your receiver and a digital optical cable to your TV. (If you have a digital out in your TV and an older receiver that doesn't have a digital input.)
You need to plug a headphone amp into the converter's output. It only outputs line level.
Works fine with my Panasonic Viera.
Not sure why it is only doing it on Netflix. When I started having trouble with it dropping out the unit was going bad. Gefentv was very good to work with for replacement in warranty.
No. It's just an additional source of sound, independent of the TV's speakers.
I used a standard coaxial cable.
No
Not familiar with the fiio but the Gefen unit has worked perfectly for a number of years. Think I've had it about 3-4 years problem free.
It is just stereo Left and Right signals
No, mine is labelled as "Made in China".
It is quiet . I love this. I am a women and this feels like a vacuum but picks up like a big boy shop vac. Every time I use it I compliment myself for making a smart buying decision.
I'm not as excited about the suction as I was, when I first purchased the unit. Apparently horsepower (HP) is a bogus metric in which to measure the power of the motor and subsequent vacuum. This unit has about 1/2 the suction as my old red/black bulbous unit, with the same HP rating. So no, I would not recommend it for carpet, other than to vacuum up an initial spill of something dusty/dirty/wet that you don't want contaminating your household vacuum cleaner.
Sorry, can't help with this. I'd check woth Cleva-NA tech support at (866) 384-8432, sure they can help. Great W/D vac, hope they solve your problem.
It can be cleaned by knocking the dust out of it as long as it does not get wet. Just like a filter on a shop vac.
There is no bag, just a filter and the storage space inside. It's a great product. I use it for our garage and wood stove.
No. The outlet is a inset for the HEPA filter.
It comes with the filters.
The diameter coming out of the vacuum (blue) is 2 and 1/2 inches and the hose (black) is a screw on type with a diameter of 2 and 3/4 inches. All parts fit perfectly.
It is like a regular vacuum bag. It works great but not needed. I use them so I don't have to clean the inside just take the bag out when it's full.
I went over and put my finger on the side of the round portion and it did not appear to be spinning. It's just vibrating and the lower section also just vibrates back and forth but its supposed to. I do not know that they claimed the top was supposed to spin, it's been too long since I bought it and no longer have the packaging. Whichever the case is, it still works better than a manual toothbrush ;-) I was going to buy some more heads, but they were out of stock when I tried on Amazon and unfortunately I do not get around well and lack transportation so I don't get to Walmart, which is where I go to buy most household goods, more than a couple times a year. Sorry I cannot give you more info. But if you go to the oral-b web official web site you can ask them and they'll most likely answer as they answered my questions when I was considering buying it initially.
yes, it is a small plastic cap basically which I use all the time to avoid hair spray, etc., collecting on the toothbrush. Works great.
There is a round head and a re racist head attached to the same shaft that vibrates and moves dlightly up and down. It does not rotate. Though it is ver good.
It seems like its about 4~6 months. The refills are relatively inexpensive.
This needs one AA battery
I ordered 3 of them and got two in green and one in blue.
I do not think so, but I am not the ultimate authority. I would call Oral B customer service line 1-800-566-7252 or go to their web page www.oralb.com/www.oralb.ca if you're in Canada. I got those numbers and web addresses from the back of the package (it just happened to still be nearby). Personally I'd call over the web page in that you can always ask a human more general questions that the web pages rarely ever tell me, like an answer to: what are ALL the heads that will fit whichever toothbrush you want to know about. That way you'll get a competent answer as I believe that was what I had to do when I bought the replacement heads for this toothbrush when I ordered it to be sure I got the correct refills. Of course the antibacterial quality helps identify the refills if you are just trying to find the "correct" refills. But if you already have some refills and need a new toothbrush, and want to know if the refills you already have, then most definitely call the oralb people they were very helpful when I called! Sorry I was not more help!
I have rechargeable one from Phillips. This one has its own advantages. Major pro is portable. For travel this one is the best. In terms of power rechargeable is best. My rechargeable has more power and options. Not sure if dentist can tell that. I think he may be able to say power or manual.
.001 :)
The DM78C Digital Pocket Multimeter uses two (2) LR-44 batteries. Accessible on the back of the unit by one (1) small cross tip (Phillips) screw.
Absolutely! Matter of fact this multi-tester is so powerful, handy and easy to use, and with auto range feature; for instant, if you want to test your battery, just slide the switch to volt and read voltage instantly. This one is always in my pocket, every time when I want to test something quick, am always grab this one instead of my other big and expensive ones. My son always wants to borrow this little one for his robot project. Trust me, you will love it.
Sorry - I gave this as a gift to someone else, and have no experience with it myself. Best of luck to you.
The metal clasp secures the lid very tightly. I would say that this should be able to keep water/moisture out based on the seal it creates. I can't say 100% as I use mine for dust collection.
Yes, I've used it for exactly this purpose. It's very sturdy and rigid. The metal band and gasket make a perfect seal. I've been using it about four or five months and it still works well.
yes
the plastic is food grade, but the seal I think does not closes hermetically ... The safest would be talking to the seller or producer of this barrel.
Yes
The metal lock ring does have a hole for a padlock, although it looks like it would have to be a smaller padlock based on the diameter. Keep in mind that this container could still probably be compromised with a good box cutting knife (at least on the blue part). The lid is pretty rigid.
I just looked and have not seen inside or out any measurements ...
These drums are very strong but they almost certainly aren't designed to be buried. The sides are somewhat flexible and in my opinion that almost rules out direct burial.
I have not measured the thickness, but I'd guess about 1/8". It's quite sturdy and rigid. I used it to ship a dressage saddle, for which it worked quite well.
It is slightly convex and made of 1/8" thick plastic.
Type CC bag for Oreck XL Reorder # CCPK8DW 8Pack or CCPK25DW 25 Pack
You Bet
Just the vacuum. No hoses or anything
Yes, this model has hooks on the back that the cord wraps around.
No, it is not but it's a great commercial vacuum. I have 3 different Oreck's for my home and they are great, but tis commercial one is much more powerful/
No, but it's very light-weight and easy to handle. With an empty bag, I think it only weighs 8 lbs.
It does a great job. It will suck the chrome off a bumper.
Yes ... It is a wonderful appliance. It is compact, easy to maneuver and my second Oreck Vac.
CCPK 8 residential use as listed with this item by Amazon-works great.
Does have a cord that can be detached from vac and has an extra handle to carry it around. Also has a larger dust bag.
Yes, but if the knife is too heavy it will slide down the side. I went and stuck a Henckls chefs knife on a stack of four just to see what would happen and it held no problem. However when I attached a Kershaw "outcast" brush knife it slide down to the floor. YMMV.
You have to be really careful... have the most precise tools and you might succeed... but they are so, I don't know - fragile...?!
I used them to hold a leather flap closed on my hiking boots and to hold my multi-tool case closed. They work great. I do think they come with a warning about credit cards and electronic equipment proximity though. These are definitely not "craft" magnets.
As long as you have some type of metal on the horn so the Neodymium Magnets can hold to it "Yes" I definitely would recommend this product as mine are sitting on my refrigerator and are all most impossible to get off without prying something behind them and even then it is hard to remove them.
They will not rust and they are super powerful!! So you shouldn't have a problem with them
I have looked this up as I do not know and have this Material: Grade N50 neodymium magnets. Patent licensed. Gauss Rating: 14,200 Gauss Holding Power: 10 lbs Pole Orientation: Axially magnetized, i.e. the N and S poles are on the flat surfaces Applications: holding, crafting and science projects
I am not sure you should contact the maker of your device, but most times you dont want strong magnets in or around memory type devices.
These magnets were pretty strong. They may be too large in diameter to use on a name-tag. When I stuck two together without the spacer, they were incredibly hard to separate. I would recommend a rigid backer for the name-tag (otherwise you may get too much flex and peel on the edge of the magnet, between the magnet and the cloth (as you pull the tag away) and end up "peeling the magnet" off of the cloth. I used these to actually glue to another, weaker refrigerator magnet I had. I found the poles and got the strongest side to the refrigerator and used a surface insensitive super glue to bond them together. Since I don't take them on/off the fridge a lot, it seem to be holding so far. You may be able to use a hot-melt Hobby glue from Michael's too bond to the cloth, but I might suggest using the smaller, 1/2" version of these. I believe I've seen plastic tags that actually have a "Magnet Bar" with two 1/2" diameter magnets glued to a piece of metal and then the plastic piece has a metal bar glued to the back of that. When you wear the name tag, the magnets get "Sandwiched" between the two pieces of metal but the way they are attracted, the metal bar acts kind of like a "handle" when you take it off. If you search "Magnetic Name Badges" you will probably be able to find a picture of what I'm describing.
Yes
An elephant. You would have to slide it to the edge or else use a putty knife. I recommend wrapping them in duct tape and leave some tabs on the side for leverage for removal. Warning - they are also very fragile. 2 will collide with each other and smash to pie wedges very easily.
That is why I bought it. No problems at all and I can't see there being any. I use it with a 6hp craftsman shop vac and I very rarely have to clean the filter anymore. It's plenty large and will hold a lot of chips. Just make sure to put a piece of wire around one of the mounting bolts and put a large metal washer on the other end to lay on the floor. This will make sure that you won't have any issues with static causing chips to actually cling to the Dust Deputy itself. It's a very thick walled durable drum with an easy to use lock ring lid.
I cut a round of 3/4 inch mdf just slightly smaller than the diameter of the lid. I placed that on the underside of the lid and then bolted the dust deputy to that. I used a piece of rubber pond liner I had laying around for a gasket but you could just seal it with caulk. I use it with a 20 gallon craftsman shop vac and have no problems at all with the lid collapsing inward. I hope this helps a little.
Yes very sturdy. I use this exact barrel for deer feeders all year round. They work great and are very sturdy.
this is as thick as any regular 55 gallon plastic bbl the top is plastic but can be easily re-enforced with a mounting plate that covers the whole lid keeping the plastic top intact as that where all the sealing is done this is meant for shipping & stacking Full containers soo the top , yes it's stout to say the least , that plate/mount would be needed anyway to mount the dust Dep . my plate fills the drop void that the lid has (about 3/4" IIRC ) with a even surface all across it's a All plastic BBL so food stuffs & food liquids can store safety in this container
I am not currently looking at one, however there are no ridges so it is 'flat' in that regard. But, if my memory serves the bottom is very slightly convex so it is not 'flat' as in a perfect plane with the surface it would rest on. So, explained another way the bottom is very slightly domed up, but with no ridges.
It may be able to. I've used it to ferment beer (primary fermentation) with no adverse effects on taste. They weren't gas-tight, so I might worry about leaks.
Yes. That's the very purpose I got it for.
no, I tried that yesterday..it's 14 gallons and no more
12.5 inches
yes it's food grade
Yep. The grader was in the package. TC
Probably a better question for the manufacturer, but I believe it's because the lower priced unit is not designed for continuous operation. Presumably the motor has to cool off.
yes they do come with
Sweden, I believe.
No.
you will be pleased at how simple and safe it is to use. the machine is excellent quality and does a fantastic job. tormek has excellent support if you have questions.
yes so is the honing paste
120 rpm
I'm not sure what you mean by "sharpen gouges of all profiles"? I can't remember what came with the sharpener. I can tell you it does a good job and is worth the extra $ if you need real sharp tools.
It probably wont, on the Ridgid website it says for "All Ridgid WetVacs". Its about a 1.5" plug that it goes into on the bottom of the wet vac.
There is a plastic screen that protrudes into the canister of the vacuum. It does a good job keeping said debris out of the pump, but does get clogged every so often as would be expected. Overall, the system works great!
I don't know for sure but I doubt it
I contacted Rigid customer service to try and answer your question, they responded wanting to know the model number of the vac that you plan on using. Since the pump and vac I purchased were a Christmas present I do not have that information if your customer wishes to respond with this information, I may be able to get the PSI information that he is requesting.
The inlet to the pump is not "garden hose" size, it is made to fit the vacuum only.
unfortunately don't know the answer to this. we have never submersed it... but we are very very pleased with this having used it repeatedly!
It's a tight fit on my stainless ridgid vac, I thought my pump came with the adapter but I didn't need it
Sorry, never heard of that vacuum. I used it on a ridgid 16 gallon wet/ dry vac.
No. 110volt only.
The top is 2" in diameter; the bottom of the cone is 6" in diameter; the square base is about 8-3/4".
I think so. They're pretty heavy/sturdy!
Yes they have a hole in the top
Yes they are ,,,,,,
Yes they are, just got mine and I really like this cone!
One
FROM DRUGSTORE.COM'S ingredient listing of this product: Vegetable Glycerin (from vegetable oils), Xylitol (Himalayan Birch Wood), Water, Hydrated Silica, Calcium Carbonate, Lauryl Glucoside (from Coconut Oil & Sugar), Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate (from Amino Acids and Vegetable Oil), Disodium Cocoyl L-Glutimate (from Amino Acids and Vegetable Oil), Stevia (Stevia Rebaudiana) Extract, Natural Flavor (from essential oils), Potassium Sorbate (Sorbus Cashmiriana Berries), Menthol (*Peppermint leaves), Carrageenan (Chondrus Crispus) (Carrageenan), Xanthan Gum, Sodium Chloride (Sea Salt), Thymol (Thyme Leaf Oil), Azadirachta Melia (Neem) Leaf Extract (*Neem), Punica Granatum Extract (*Pomegranate), Terminalia Chebula Fruit Extract (*Chebulic Myrobalan), Terminalia Bellerica Fruit Extract (*Belleric Myrobalan), Phyllanthus Emblica Fruit Extract (*Amla), Embelia Ribes Fruit Extract (*Vidanga), Acacia Nilotica Bark Extract (*Indian Gum Arabic Tree), Organic
Manufactured in the Himalaya's, India. They also have a branch of the company in Sugarland, Texas. This is straight from the back of the toothpaste tube.
No
I don't think it would harm at all. I am very happy with it. My dental hygienist assured me less plaque after just 3 months of usage. I love it.
Yes, love it. It's the only one I've purchased for the past couple years now. And I've tried so many other natural toothpaste brands that were far too chalky for me.
We apologize for any confusion this product is distributed by Nutrition Depot not Swanson Health Products. We encourage you to contact Amazon Marketplace regarding this question.
Yes, it's all natural. The only thing is the flavor- it's not particularly minty, but if kids are very sensitive to mint (mine are 5,6), they might think it's "spicy." It's a great toothpaste- I've even given it as a gift to a cousin!
IMO this is a relatively low foam toothpaste, but I would not say it's zero foam.
yes
The roll length is 8". The unit itself has a depth of 10.25", so roll depth cannot be greater than that.
The description says: "It runs on four D alkaline batteries (included) or a Kimberly-Clark 90000 AC adaptor (sold separately)."
I cant say absolutely no, but the motion detector underneath needs to be tripped again for it to advance another sheet. This can be done by moving the 1st sheet ahead and placing your hand behind it or by causing this sheet itself to move enough to trip the sensor.
Someone has to be persistent/determined to achieve that, usually there is no extra left once you tear it. But why would you think someone will want to pull? if he/she can just hold his/her hand under to get extra.
iT CAN HANDLE 800FT.
It is not scored but it is very easy to tear off. We love this dispenser. It is also very easy to refill.
yes that is what i used in it
It's very simple...it has an automated feed and it doesn't have to be lined up perfect or anything.
yes , 4 d cell batteries
Don't know about e-liquids, but I measured it at 12CC capacity.
They are 12 ml capacity.
Yes, that's what I use it for
I'm not sure what you mean. It IS a syringe.
I know of no reason why it would not work. I would trim the point because it is small and could injure as it comes. One thing that I would suggest is an eye dropper if you can find one. We fed a newborn pup that the mother refused to feed using an eye dropper.....worked great, but this could work too.
They are providing you don't use anything in them that will destroy the rubber seals.
1.5"
No, no measurement markings on the syringe at all. When I used it for my dog's meds, I measured with something else, put it in a dish, then into the syringe. Worked great getting the meds down the dog's throat.
!). No need. 2). We normally do not shave patients except very hairy ones.
No
Nikotabs can work with alligator clips although they may not provide the constant, steady contact that the designed connectors provide.
nope, sorry
yes
Share your own related images Image is representative of the product family. + Downloads CAD Models, MSDS, Manuals Other Documentation Chemical Resistance Chart See all 2 in this Product Family Rubbermaid Commercial HDPE 40-Gallon Brute Lid for Garbage Can, Square, 24" Width x 24" Length x 2" Height, Gray
Hi Steve! Thank you for your inquiry! Unfortunately, we don't carry this item in white color. Aiste BisonOffice
Bottom measures 16" x 16" Top Opening measures 23" x 23" Height is 27" Length??? sturdy but very heavy
All three models (the 25X, 50X, and 75X) are available in two variations- one for 120V, one for 240V.
The temp is control between 1-10 I put it on 10 to build pressure and when its in the green I put it around 7 and then set timer for around 55 minutes the pressure is at around 270f /130 c and work fantastic i have model 50x 240 volt hope that helps you I have a tattoo Shop so we use it a lot and never fail a spore test
The 14.5qt refers to the "inner container" size. It is the Model 25X, with a GROSS capacity of 25 quarts, but the capacity of the sterilizer insert (moist heat/steam only) which sits above the heating element and the water reservoir, is much smaller. Yes, it is made by WAF (Wisconsin Aluminum Foundry Co.).
1050C, no sorry this is not capable of getting to that temperature.
Yes, it will.
You should be able to sterilize a 14 inch instrument.
Try http://www.allamericancanner.com
The 4 and 6 amps are for 240v circuits, whereas the 13 amp is for a standard US 120v receptacle.
Approximately 45 min
Distilled water is added to cover the heating coils on the bottom. The water level comes up to about 2-3 inches.
I'd grab 2, put them in there, and check the humidity indicator card in a week to see how the humidity is doing in there. It's about how long you want to go between having to go back in and "recharge" the desiccant. You could always buy more desiccant so the moisture is being absorbed by more packs, and so each would get full slower, but of course more packs costs more money. Just remember that when the desiccant has absorbed all the moisture it can hold that you can put the desiccant in the oven for a few hours (directions online, and maybe on box, I forget) and bake the moisture out, then reuse the desiccant again! Also note, if you crawl space is relatively closed less moisture will enter over time, which would result in you being more successful at lowering the humidity in there.
my husband uses this in his gun safe. With two of these he keeps the whole thing dry. He checks them periodically and needs to 'dry' them in the oven, but then returns them to the safe. They work exactly like he wants them to. You can't put items inside of these boxes.
Simply remove the bag of absortbant from the cardboard box and place the bag in the oven.
The only information on the package is the distributor is in Mass.
I don't think there is a definitive answer to your question but most likely forever unless you damage the silica gel. I know they work and mine has been dried out in the oven every three or four months and still working well.
From what I can determine from various websites it does contain as small amount. It appears the beads that are blue and turn pink contain this substance, There are other beads sold on amazon that do not. You can confirm this information by contacting someone at www.dehumidify.com
It's non-toxic (says on the package). If you're thinking of using this in an enclosed pantry or something, I guess that would work.
I did not use any primer I just add the red loctite and that was it due allow for it to cure properly make sure the material is free of oils or grease
If I remember correctly - it's tinted
Mine was red as pictured.
It is red
I haven't used it specifically for that, there is a heat rating listed on their website and I don't remember it off the top of my head. With that said I used blue first to attach the front night sight on my Glock 19 and it was loose after 100 rounds, used red and it hasn't budged since. Not sure how the temperature would compare although I assume it would be considerably lower for my application. If you can't find the info you need I'd suggest emailing a manufacturer, they have to use something.
I have never tried that. For wood, I always use Elmer's wood glue - the yellow type. This product works Excellent with metal AND plastic as I have used it for ......
The Blue should be strong enough. Especially if you are changing or sharpening blade often... The red is better if you do not plan to be unscrewing or un bolting things often... The whole LOCTITE line has been great... I have been using it since the 60's.. I remember when it was like the Eastman company... Eastman 910... The early Super glue used in Electronics... Hope this helps... John
yes
Yes. Plug hose into exhaust port and you are good to go. It will not be as powerful as a dedicated unit but will work for light job e.g sawdust. I carry this on my airsteam and it works geat.
Do you mean hepa filter? If so, it does not.
All the attachment you see in the photo surrounding the vacuum are enclosed or attached to the vacuum . Included are two 1-7/8" x 24" attachable extension wands, one 1-7/8" x 7' expanding hose, a dusting brush, a 6" utility nozzle, a crevice tool and a fine dust filter. The Two extension wands come with two extension wand clips which mount on the outside of the vacuum all other components are inside the vacuum.
The Ridgid vacuum Intake is 2.5" so with your adapter, it should work
120 volt, 9.0 amp, 60 Hz , no wattage is listed.
You would be far better off using a sump pump designed to do that task. There is no drain port, sump pumps can be rented cheaply, and if you did try to make your own drain and use this to empty large volumes of water you would burn out the motor quickly.
Looks to be about 13 & 1/4 " from our measure- can't say that's exact though.. I also checked the manual and didn't see anything in there about it. Hope that helps.
I hose off the filter then allow it to dry and replace it. Or I speed dry by putting it on and running the vacuum as it sucks the water out of it until dry. This takes about 10 minutes. And no it doesn't seem to adversely affect the machine as it is a wet/dry vac. Hope this helps. By the way. It's a great vac. Very compact and powerful. Fits in my truck tool box and I can stack other tools on top. This is my second. The first was stolen.
13.5" tall 12.5" deep 21" wide
there are multiple filters available, I use the better grade "Hepa" filter. I get very very little dust when using it to suck concrete dust while grinding / cutting concrete. This dust is very fine and a significant challenge for the unit. When the filter starts to get heavily clogged, then I do see some dust and know it's time to clean out the filter
12 A
Yes, it does come with accessories. it has at least 2 nozzles. and 2 hoses (I think). we like ours.
Sorry can't honestly answer
The nameplate does not mention CFM. I have had one for five years and it works well. The type and condition of your filter(s) will affect CFM
yes, it comes with accs, the only concept that you can add is a brush
I have always use only 120v. I never considered using 220v and I don't know how one would. Maybe there is a way it can be converted but don't know how that is done. I recommend inquiring with the company (Rigid) they were most helpful with a probblem I had. Sorry I cannot help more. bobb1935
No that is a holiday special without the HEPA and the cart
I don't know. I, as a purchaser of one rigid vac would not be selling any part. You have to ask Rigid, the manufacturer.
Yes. The manual for the WD40700 lists the replacement filter part number as VF3500.
Yes
No the paper filter is not washable. The foam filter for water pickup is..
No, I think the other side has the small hole.i can check tomorrow if no one else knows.
No
Yes.
Yes, these are the replacement filters models can use your vac VF3502, VF5000, VF6000, VF7000. You should only choose the filter that suits your needs.
yes, just used a hose outside your house to cleaned up and leave it to dry, will take up to two days before dries off totally and ready to used again
yes . let dry good !!!
6.75 inches dia X 8.75 inches high
That is what it says and I have taken my girls to the orthodontist and they say it appears to be working. It is just getting my daughters to use it more often. Not sure if it works that well on a chip. This is from having braces and not taking care of their teeth better. Tried a Dr. Collins Resore before this but the price went up double the next time I tried to reorder.
I have sensitive teeth as well,can not tell if works though,didnt see any improvement on my gums.Good luck
We searched and did not find a direct comparison of the PeriACTIL Precondition Kit to Periogen by any Amazon customer. If you search for 'Periactil Precondition White Paper' you will find an evaluation online showing, by using PeriACTIL, a 59.0% reduction in plaque index, 94.6% reduction in 6 mm perio pouches and a 58.41% improvement in the gingival index. The study was via PeriACTIL alone. Even better results could be anticipated by using the Preconditioner as well. Again, however, we do not have data comparing this to Periogen. We could not locate a white paper on Periogen. The PeriACTIL Precondition Kit does not contain fluoride, a controversial chemical. PeriACTIL contains xylitol, which Periogen does not. If you decide to use both, we recommend you use them at totally separate times and use PeriACTIL at least at bedtime for protection throughout the night. Please feel free to contact Med-Actil directly for one-on-one attention to your particular oral health issues. Patricia McGrew, Owner/Manager, Med-Actil LLC, Galveston TX
Yes, my wife's had some episodes with gingivitis where her teeth would be very loose, and after using this on a regular basis for a week or so, her gums tightened up tremendously. I've also had a couple of times where I'd gotten an cavity and it would cause an abcess to appear. With using it for 2-3 days, the infection was entirely gone.
That's a very good question and deserves a valid answer. I would recommend asking at: http://www.periactil.com/info/Contact_Us They will be able to supply you with an answer.
I've never found a commercial toothpaste that really made my teeth feel clean. After using a regular toothpaste, I use peroxide & baking soda. My teeth feel extremely clean and the baking soda removes the taste of mint from the toothpaste which I hate.
You still have to go to your dentist for your cleanings,especially if you have some kind off gums desease.It has an after test but is not bad.
It's a 2 step cleaning process and fount it too time consuming to use. I use squiggle for tartar and works pretty well
China
yes , I think this would be too big and hard on his teeth, its best for 3-4 yr olds I think.
I don't remember. I might be just white.
This, I cannot answer other than to say I have had mine over a year and they are still good. I keep them in a cabinet away from moisture and a fluctuation in heat or cold, with the bottle tightly sealed.
Hello Dr Reese here. The strips need only be in water 20 seconds to get the correct test. However the temperature of the water can influence the quality of the test. So the water should be at normal room temperature. Not cold or hot. Hope that helps. Dr Reese
Hi. I have nothing to compare them to but this is exactly why I purchased them. They seem accurate. Good luck!
I'm sorry but I don't know the answer to your question. I suggest that you contact Industrial Test Systems with your query.
It's easy to do. You can do it yourself. Directions are easy.
I have noticed the shower is getting cleaner, the drains are no longer rusty or showing very little rust. the kitchen sink which is stainless steel is the cleanest no white lime residue. We have disconnected our water softener and still get soapy water. Hope this helps.
It actually works a bit better on plastic. Should not affect your chlorinization.
it is better to hook up inside, but directions says if there is not enough room for the coil it can be hooked up in the open but cover the coil with duck tape to protect it. as per instructions
Yes I have mine installed outside under my car port and I've not had any problems.
You only need two inches of pipe to install it.
It's in the crawl space underneath the house now, but I believe the device's own cord is 4-5'. My electrician was able to add an outlet to an existing electrical conduit near the main water feed (which the coils need to be wrapped around). Otherwise, the unit would have required a 20' extension cord, which neither of us thought was a good idea for permanent installation!
I don't know but scale watcher does not make the water chemically softer it makes it feel softer the minerals do not stick to you or your pipes etc i am very glad we bought this
Yes, works great.
Didn't help us. That is what we bought it for but didn't see any change (dishes didn't come out cleaner) so we returned it.
No I don't believe it could be used for trash. It is a relatively small opening and small cylinder shape.
It is designed to be removable from it's wall mount so it can be emptied. So, I would think it could probably be easily stolen.
Yes it does
I am not a smoker - so I don't have first hand experience - but yes - I believe you can. There is a small 'deflector' inside the opening, you can see in the picture - to rub off the burnt ash.
Can't smell any worse than the smoke being generated.
Yes
Not that i am aware of. Maybe you can find a lid that is used for cup holders on water coolers. Not sure if dimensions are the same but maybe try that.
I don't know how many cigarettes, per say but it is very generous and easy to empty
Yeah and standard will do so no need to go all fancy and plus u can probably find spacers anywhere they sell hardware for so much less
They are not sealed; you can see this in the product photo. However, I guess you could relubricate them.
Yes I bought , it and used it on a long board it works so id bye it but its on u req
From what I remember they came in a plastic tube but it was awhile ago.
I used these on my roller blades as they were an exact replacement
That is what i purchased them for however I'm not sure of the size of the wheel that I had. They worked for my application. Hope this helps. Good luck
Hello, We do carry a 8mm shaft. How long are you looking for we have a 30" 10" 13" in the mm we have 330mm 406mm 495mm Thank you
YES IT MOUNTS ON TO AN 8MM ROD YOU ARE CORRECT
We do carry them in 10 mm. Thank you,
No, these are pretty low quality bearings. I actually had issues with torquing and the bearings would stick.
no, it's just a bearing that slides smoothly on the 8 mm rod with very little side to side play.
No - and may I add that they are perfect for a bed ridden patient with skin breakage. No alcohol is a must - these have no alcohol.
6 packages with 100 wipes each package.
This product does not indicate that it is flushable. My own opinion on this...... I wouldn't flush any of this type of item down plumbing because I read that these (along with diapers and tampons) are causing major blockages in city sewer systems. Even if they say that they break down, they can't be manufactured to break apart efficiently while still staying together to perform its function -- which is to keep the person and the caregiver (if needed) clean and separate from the substance they are wiping off.
They are for wiping after going to the bathroom. You pull out a sheet, unfurl it, fold in half on the short side (otherwise it touches the bowl water), and slowly, beginning at the top, wipe upward. Then fold again to a clean side, repeat. Then once more. Regular toilet tissue does not clean as well or have the softness from the 'towel' being kept in liquid. Make sure to close top of container firmly to prevent evaporation.
Listed as ingredients: aqua, glycerin, polysorbate 20, disodium cocoamphodiacetate, aloe barbadensis leaf extract, tocopheryl acetate, chamomilla recutita (matricaria) flower extract, disodium EDTA, phenoxyethanol, DMDM hydantoin, Iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, citric acid, fragrance
This an assumption: Normally any item to be made white will need more bleached or clean base. Black can be colored black on any base
Room temperature
I don't believe that it work very well in that application, you would be better off using something like this I believe: http://www.amazon.com/Performix-11603-6-Synthetic-Plasti-Dip-Coating/dp/B0000DD1PF/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1397503787&sr=8-1&keywords=tool+handle+dip
I'm thinking about an hour based on about 75 degrees.
This is used on front inspiration cover on a moterhome, not sure about tonneau soft cover.
My key says E3-5-15
Go to http://distributor2.southco.com/static/Literature/e3.en.pdf - the info you need should be there. The latch is installed in my coach, so I wouldn't be able to measure it for a while.
This was a replacement, the hole was already there
it is the same diameter as 1/2" pvc which is about 7/8" of an inch when I measured it.
Yes there is
Yes, the outer diameter of the barbs is 0.760" This is not a pressure rated connection, just for gravity drains, the adapter just press into place
There are slip and threaded or both threaded on 1 side and slip, meaning smooth ,on the other this particular bulkhead is slip and comes with the pieces to slide in with thw barb to connect to a hose or u can put pvc straight in the bulkhead. if u want threaded search for threaded bulkhead ive bought both from Amazon and they are good quality
Ryan, According to the instructions, the 1/2" fitting requires a 1-1/8" hole (1.125").
this is slip x slip - it has no threads on the inside.
it's a 1/2" pvc glue joint,some adapting will get you to 5/8" hose
Fully closed they are 27". Fully open they are 55"
The pair of them will support 100lbs. A single one is rated for only 50lbs.
In the description: (1 set), i.e. pair
No guarantee, but yes, they are approximately 1/2" (wide when in the installed vertical position). Some of mine may have been 1/64" less than 1/2" (or 31/64" approx.) so use your judgement and err on the slightly less than 1/2" side. It is best to wait until you get them to make critical cuts.
Try searching amazon with: "desk tray slide". Your question is not specific about your application, but maybe one listed there will work for you.
Our shipping is based on the dollar amount placed.
I have my doubts, but I suggest you contact the trailer manufacture. They should be able to provide you with a type that will due to weight and jacking height.
These are a metric import of the same slide.
Yes there are. I just installed th on a workbench drawer and they work great.
Sides. They are for heavier loads; maybe build sides to mount it to? Self suspended top mount rails aren't typically meant for 100lbs.
Mine have the plunger.
They are individually sealed. They didn't come in a box.
Yes, they have a standard push-on Luer needle fitting. The needles must be purchased separately. It probably makes more sense to purchase syringes with pre-installed needles, both from a cost and sterility viewpoint. Needle length is not critical; needle gauge of 22ga or larger (lower needle gauge) will work, but the 22ga will minimize scarring at the injection site.
Some do and some don't
Comes in a white polythene bag with no labeling. A small paper label is affixed identifying the contents.
Yes, and individually wrapped
I believe so, as long as it has a standard Luer tapered fitting.
I am regularly using bona to maintain by new laminate floor. I apply it every few months. I do not have experience with old laminates floors. When my contractor left the house after installing the laminate floor, removing wood panels from walls, finishing the wall, painting the walls and installing tiles in bathroom and some other area, the floor was looking really dull. Bona made it extremely shiny. This can easy hide all the hairline scratches but this cannot hide deep scratches and water damages, if any.
Absolutely!!
I don't recall details ....th BONA site had detail discussion on this topic. I have just started using BONA on my wood and tile floors and never had the need to remove .... I do recall a very specific discussion on "polish" vs refresher. Polish is what you need to concern yourself with for removal whereas refresher was easier to deal with
Yes, I think it would work on a dance floor. Do you use the regular Bona cleaner for laminate floors? If so, this Pro Series is no more shiny or slippery than the regular product.
Yes. I am not sure you will need the cleaner. Try a spot with the refresher first. I did it that way and found that I can clean my marble floor, 400 square feet, with ammonia and water and then use the refresher. See what works for you. I have not found anything better. I have also used the Pro refresher on my Radiata varnised floors and it was a huge success.
Thats a good question I am not sure I use the professional cleaner a couple times a week, but have only used the Refresher every six weeks or so
Yes it does. I use the Bona professional cleaner a lot to clean up after kids and animals. I use the refresher and it makes it look new
This product is not designed for vinyl floors, but I have not personally tried to use it in this way.
I have only used it on floor tiles with great success. No streaks.
I use Leifheit Pico Spray Mop Micro-Tech Replacement Reusable Cloth. I also have the Leifheit spray mop. All bought from Amazon. I use the Bona cleaner in the spray mop. The refresher by hand.
I called the company to find out all the answers about these products because I read so many conflicting reviews about the refresher and the polish. Many people didn't really understand the difference between them or how to use them. This is what I found out: (1)The refresher is the product that was right for us. We have wood floors that had a polyurethane finish on them, and they hadn't been refinished for about 6 years. They were looking so dull, and I felt they were becoming damaged from the water and dirt being tracked in, but with the holidays upon us, I didn't want us to take on the more time consuming project of refinishing with polyurethane. I wanted something that could be done quickly and easily and would look nice and keep the floors from getting more damaged. The refresher is the product made specifically for floors that already have a polyurethane finish on them. The refresher is a polyurethane product itself and so it combines chemically with your finish and will NOT have to be stripped off when you go to refinish your floors. When you use the refresher, it will add a beautiful luster and it will only take minutes to apply and minutes to dry. (2) Not so with the polish. It is NOT meant for floors that you intend to eventually refinish with polyurethane. It is just as easy to use, it looks just as nice, and it will cover over your polyurethaned floors just fine, but once you use it, you CANNOT use the refresher over it (a polyurethane product) and you CANNOT refinish your floors with polyurethane after using the polish, without first stripping off the polish. Before I understood the difference I went ahead an used the polish on one section of my floors, my hallway. After that, I found out that I should have used the refresher since we intend to refinish our floors with polyurethane. But from this point on, I will have to always use the polish on my hallway and the refresher everywhere else, unless I want to go through the trouble of stripping off the polish and using the other product only. Since the polish did a great job putting a shine on the floors, I will just continue to use it on that one spot. (3) I specifically asked the company which is the more durable product, and they stated unequivocally that the refresher is the longer-lasting, more durable finish.
As near as I can tell, they are the same product. I used to be able to get this at my local hardware store. Then, found it was only available to 'professional' contractors. This may stem from a problem with the product clouding if not applied correctly. That is how I ended up ordering it through Amazon. I use it in the same manner. Word of warning. If you do choose to apply a second coat, wait longer between coats. That was my downfall. Even though the label clearly states 2 hours, don't do it. Wait 4 at least. Or better still, be happy with one coat. That has worked well for me in the past. Hope this has helped. Love the Bona product. It really freshens up my old Pergo floor.
do you mean putting it on 2x? why would i bother doing something 2x when the other bona does a great job in one coat? i donated the rest of this to a thrift store. i use the other Bona and it is awesome.
It's better to use cleaner first then the refresher. The refresher is used when floors look a little dull. You can use the polish anytime after the floors have been refreshed. I have all solid wood floors and they get dull after a few months. That's when the refresher is best used. Blondie
it works on my floors. I like it:) The only issue I have had is sometimes it doesn't spread evenly, so you have to make sure you have a good pad and keep it moistened and use enough polish :) Good luck.
Yes. We have two huskies and it worked great.
I can't say that it would...what have you got to lose though. Over all, my floors look much better months later. The floor cleaning product works very well too. Good luck!
I didn't. Just mopped with water.
Well, it really depends if you need to do one coat or two. I have a 1,000 square ft house, minus the bathroom and kitchen it's about 800 square ft of hardwood. I had to use two bottles to do two coats all over (ended up being about a bottle and a half). You really have to lay the stuff on thick to get that good shine.
Hi Elaine, I don't know, is the short answer. I bought this to add shine to my otherwise scratched up wooden floors and the shine is great. Also, it is not slick which I love. There are other products they make that would probably be better for cleaning laminate as they have a lot of laminate floors in Europe where I believe it was originally made. I would check the site and they should have a number to contact them. This is a GREAT product for floors so don't be discouraged by my response. It is well worth calling to find the best product for laminate floors. I know they must make it. Good luck! Susan
Yes, You can refill the Cartridge.
Is the bottle snapped in all the? If so you just squeeze the handle and and it will spray. You have to wait for the trigger to release before spraying again.
The motion seems to give an extra cleaning boost.that's the only difference I know of .Hope it helps!
Sorry I really don't know.
I bought the pro myself. I wondered the same question before I bought, but decided on the pro for the simple reason I figured the pro would work more heavy duty. Mine works great and I'm happy with the purchase.
couldnt even get mine together!! sending it back!
No battery. You just squeeze the handle and the liquid is squirted out.
I bought mine a few years ago and it did. Not sure if it still does - description should include that info.
You could, but you would have to empty out the cleaner, fill the container with the polish and then apply. Really, though, the polish needs to be put down more heavily than the spritzer trigger allows. Also, a different pad is used. I pour the polish directly and use the pro series mop with the correct pad, if that helps.
I am not sure what you mean by motion one. You just place the cartridge cleaner into the mop and squeeze the handle and it sprays out the cleaner and then you mop and spray as you need. Hope this helps.
Yes the REM meter gives off sound as well as lights when tripped. Also it had an alarm when temp changes.
I would go with k2 for a starter
In my opinion, the most important thing to keep in mind with this device is "phase". It "detects" better at specific angles to the EM source. So, just proximity to an energy source will not always create a reading because of the phase +/- of the source. Don't use sudden movements but rather steady, deliberate ones. Be aware of your temperature changes when the EMF reading changes, i.e. greater than 1-degree temperature changes. Don't miss your EVP opportunities when either reading changes! - Joe from O.R.C.S. (Other Realms Contact Seekers)
Don't do it...As an Exorcist you will GET way more than you bargained for. This tool is used for committing necromancy and the case I handled today removed 13 Demonic forces out of a 27 year old man who received LUCIFER in Demonic possession due to his actions of Ghost Hunting. LUCIFER brought a multitude against this man. Stay away from this practice of Witchcraft. Go to Redford Area Paranormal Silencers on FB and see the cases we do!
Its basically a detector for a in electric magnetic fields. Just turn it on and walk around your home where you have different electric devices. Try around a power box, don't touch it!..you will see a jump on the meter. If you are looking for spirits you may see a spike in certain areas. Hope this helps.
I bought one and it was white but well worth the money you will be very happy with it .
One 9volt battery
The EVP Recorder is up to you. I would and do. The Mel-Meter does not record voices. Thanks. Darin. Ghost Hunting Source.
You can contact the vendor
Yes. This is how I used it and it sticks really well. Read instructions on installation.
I would not recommend this tape for that purpose. It is very gritty and could cause hand abrasions or scrapes. We had this tape on steps going to a basement. It is similar to skateboarding tape. For Drinks try a rubberized or silicone type mat they work good for keeping the glasses in place. Hope that helped. Also, check restaurant supply companies, they may offer trays with notches or cut outs specifically for drinks.
Possibly, it is very sticky so it should stay put once in place. It will definitely help with traction but I think it might wear quickly - sorry that's the best I can offer :)
I guess you could trim it to place on shoe bottoms, but I wouldn't recommend that. Find a local shoe repairman and have a rubber heal added. We used this tape on our basement steps for added traction. It's similar to skateboarder tape.
No, we don't.
What sort of files are you referring to?
The top side is very gritty and the bottom side is very sticky.....I used on the dog ramp and is exposed to the weather elements and it is still stuck....I highly recommend this stuff...will use it again and again..
No
No
No because you would ruin the bottom of your laptop due to the tape being very gritty so I would scratch it. This tape really is only meant to grip soft plastic like the bottom of your shoes.
Has two ends to make a pipe to the length that you need, no connectors are needed.
i would say yes as long as its secured well. this stuff kinks easily. also i had stated in an earlier post that it was easy it cut. the first time i cut it it went very well. the second time not so well. the tubing cutter i used had a hard time and crushed the pipe when cutting it. if you are going to cut it, insert a wooden dowel or a piece of pipe in the spot you will be cutting
Yes, The ID is 1/2" on the tubing
I would suggest to get new brass fittings and used telfon plumber's tape. I got mine at Lowes, Home Depot, and Menards
The fittings included were 1/2" and work great. I went from a 3/4" pipe to 1/2 with standard fittings. The heater guy who I had check the installation was quite happy with how everything worked. I like the ability to fit the pipe and it holds that shape. I did not make any real tight bends and would use a conduit bender for that had I needed a tighter bend. I would definitely purchase this again if I needed it. The only "knock" about it is it can't be buried so I could use it outside to feed a grill.
i would check with the manufacturer. i personally would not bury any gas pipie in the ground without a conduit. This pipie is very soft so that it can be bent in any form. If this pipe were to be laid into the ground as is, it would very easily be ruptured by anyone digging with a shovel
Smooth
Yes the OD is 5/8" and the ID is 1/2"
Yes, you can use it for a clothes dryer, a gas stove and many more gas devices.
It says that it can but I'm not sure if that is code where you live
I have mine plugged into a regular phone line. I do not have DSL, just crackle and static. This product did not seem to help fix that, as I was hoping it would. The static is either from the phone lines in the walls, or from my Panasonic DECT 6.0 cordless phone.
No. It's for one line only (two brass contacts). I bought it because it looked like four contacts for two lines. No such luck.
You will need one for each phone connected to a phone line. I have a remote handset that isn't connected to the phone line and I don't need one for it but the main phone is connected & it does need one to filter out the DSL noise.
This filter only works if you have DSL Internet connection. Xfinity internet service is not DSL.
I tried a DSL filter for the same problem and it did not work.
IT Might, I Would Call Your Carrier AND Ask them. I am surprised they didn't include one
Both are standard phone connections (RJ-11). The device had no effect on the quality of my calls.
1.5" (L) X 1.0" (w) X 1.0" (D).
Fairly short, maybe 2 inches, 3 at the most.
I have line filters because I have DSL. Not being terribly technologically talented, not sure if this is what you're asking.
*Color:Transparent *Full Material:High Impact Acrylic with Urethane Elastomer *Grip Range:NaN - *Imperial/Metric:Imperial *Leaf Shape:Rectangular *Material:Acrylic *Overall Length:1.89 in (48 mm) *Overall Length (in) (Imperial):1.89 in *Overall Length (mm) (Metric):48.0 mm *Overall Thickness:.188 in (4.8 mm) *Overall Thickness (Imperial):.188 in *Overall Thickness (Metric):4.78 mm *Overall Width:1.438 in (36.5 mm) *Overall Width (Imperial):1.438 in *Overall Width (Metric):36.53 mm This item is only available in transparent.
They do not have a channel that the Plexiglass fits into. They glue to the surface. They will work with any thickness.
If you put this on the under side yes it can be completely flat
The CR-1 comes in 48" lengths.
I used it to secure doors on a residential refrigerator used in a motorhome. I just googled the part number to get the dimensions but I shop stuff to death.
Yes! These work well, however, they get brittle over time. Also, you MUST align them properly to not break these expensive latches. Costly little buggers!!!
I'm not sure how to determine that, but these are more than strong enough for all RV cabinet doors.
As far as I know, Southco does not make a "bottom mount". They do make a "Snap-in" vs a surface mount. The side mounts that I used use screws to mount to the side of the drawer and the keeper screws into the frame of the cabinet. I used the 10 lb size and they work excellently on heavy drawers in my motorhome used to house cartons of soda and other canned goods so the drawers don't slide open while traveling. Yet, they are easy to open when you want to. The "snap-in" version would require a hole to be cut into the drawer at exactly the proper place so the latch could be snapped into the hole. There would be a possible issue with the body of the snap-in intruding into the drawer storage space where it could get broken or reduce storage space slightly. For bottom applications there is no reason that the side mount couldn't be used as long as the drawer does not slide on a flat surface all the way across the bottom of the drawer.
Yes, if you buy 5 pcs they will ship together and you will pay $9.29 total for shipping. Thank you.
We do not sell the keys separately.
Unfortunately, we do not carry this product in white.
Unfortunately, we are unable to cross South Co parts to Ram
This product is keyed alike
About one inch. It would work well for grill grates
Yes it will. It is very aggresive.
bristles are 5 1\2" , overall is 10 1\2"
About an inch and a quarter
yes...but the brush is narrower than the picture looks. maybe 1/3 the width of a standard wire brush. Good for narrow spaces and corners etc..
Yes this brush will scratch your cooktop. The bristles are very strong, strong enough to clean barbecue grills coated in heavy burned on grease.
It depends how many square feet of concrete you are going to clean. The brush is relatively strong but if you are going to clean a large area of concrete don't count on it.
This brush has very stiff bristles. With any pressure applied at all it would scratch the surface.
Yes
Hi Lisa, Shipping weight is 2.4oz. All the best, Customer Service
Hi Holly, The inner diameter of this tube is 14mm, so whether or not it will hold mentos will depend on the size of the candy. Thanks, Customer Service
These plastic test tubes do taper slightly towards the bottom of the tube (closed end). I do not have the exact measurements of the taper but a plain regular M&M will get stuck about half way down the inside of the tube.
They were not scratched at all. They were perfect for what I needed them for. I was even able to put liquid in the tubes without spillage. I was very pleased.
No. About 1/2 inch max
Totally clear and transparent !
Yes, this tube is clear.
I measured the tube as accurately as I could and I would say it is 5 inches (my ruler showed 126mm instead of 127mm). The official description states they are 125mm and that is the tube only, not the top. Hope this helps.
per pack
Vietnam
I'm 6'1" and have no problems. Its a great cart and incredibly strong. I even hauled the wife around in it for fun. (120 lbs.)
Mine is black and is not falling apart. Can't tell you what you received.
The wheel brackets are plastic, my husband hasn't had any issues with them.
This was a good starter device- I eventually went with something a lot stronger- my business sees about 100 people per day and this device could not keep up- eventually broke down after 6 months of buying it- bought the xlerator hand air dryer $$$$ for that but worth it
I've had mine for 2 years and still working perfect. I don't know about warranty, but this is a very inexpensive item.
18 inches. i just measured it
Probably not. It has a standard 120V (USA-type) plug going directly in.
The cylinder is 5" long and the tip adds another 1.5" (that's what she said)
Absolutely. The plunger pulls right out of the back and the rubber seal can be taken off for cleaning as well.
You might have to stretch the tubing over the tip a bit, but it will fit the 1/4 clear tubing.
I have not had any problem with that. I use it for mixing e-liquids and no issues so far
The opening of the diagonal tip is roughly 3/16in - 1/4in. We do not have one at the moment that is a straight-cut tip.
Would be very hard to do. I used it for some very thin oil and it was real hard to push it out.
I doubt it. It is very plasticky and the entire syringe is cheaply made.
Made in CHINA
No
No, but it is DOT-3 free. I use it to bleed dirt bike brakes.
no they are not leak proof. I had them in a box filled with essential oils. When turned on the sides oil leaked out
Yes. I used boiling-hot water to sterilize both the cap & vial; no problems.
2 mm in diameter, 4cm circumference- these are measured where the lid goes.
Yes they are safe. They're airtight and I use mine for certain spices.
Yes they have a good cap that seals very well should have no problems with nail polish
"Product Features Borosilicate glass vials"
It looks like it would, but I don't have an eclipse vaape so I can't say for certain. I don't have them anymore. Maybe you can ask the seller what the diameter of the mouth is?
They are 2 inches long and the diameter is about the circumference of a small woman's pinky first digit finger. Sorry if my description is not the best but it is the only way I could describe it. These are great, just wish they were plastic. They are glass. I worry they could break.
it's a great question. they are very fragile. Allen makes a choke tube case for shotgun chokes. Know it sounds odd, but it protects them nicely. It's just not very compact.
i have bought about 10 dozen of them and never had one leak and none were broken upon delivery either. well worth the money.
Yes. You get twelve glass vials with screw on lids which are 2 dram (1/4 oz) for the price you see plus shipping. I ordered from greenals here on amazon and the vials arrived the day before the first day they were expected to arrive.
1 CM
Diameter is about the size of a sharpie or dime. Height I'd say is about that of the cap of a sharpie marker or a little shorter than a key
These are 2 inches from the base to the bottom of the neck. However, they aren't all perfectly sized and I actually have one that is obviously shorter than the rest.
It is 0.125 oz or about 7.3 mL
I am wondering this myself. I know that the ones on cynmar.com are... specifically: 115-27910 but I was wondering if these are basically the same thing, for less cost.
They are vials. Will be ordering more!
In inches: Height=3 3/4 (with cap). Diameter (bottom)=7/8. Hope this helps.
No, that's the price. Biotene PBF has been reformulated & now it's hard to find. You can still get it at Walgreens for $8.75/tube if you can find it
The green labeled product "PBF" (plaque-biofilm loosening formula is a light green clear gel with a slight mint taste. The blue labeled product "Fresh Mint Original" is creamy white and has a light peppermint flavor. I like them both. For me, they both keep my mouth fresh. I haven't been diagnosed with dry mouth. My periodontist started me on samples. I also use the Dry Mouth Mouthwash which has no alcohol. It tastes like mouthwash without alcohol. I haven't tried the oral rinse. WARNING: Keep these products away from your pets, especially DOGS. Keep all products with Xylitol away from your dog. According to the FDA, Xylitol can be deadly to a dog. "Xylitol is approved for human use and considered a safe sugar alternative for people. It is commonly used in sugar-free products such as candy, chewing gum, and baked goods and often a component to oral hygiene products like mouthwash and toothpaste. Xylitol can also be found in over-the-counter-medications, vitamins, and throat lozenges. Xylitol is also available in bulk for at home baking. Xylitol, a sugar compound sourced from the Birch tree, has been recently discovered to be 100 PERCENT LETHAL TO DOGS. In dogs, Xylitol causes a rapid release of insulin, causing a sharp decrease in blood sugar. It also can alter the electrolytes, potassium and phosphorus. Dogs can become depressed, uncoordinated, and weak. In severe cases, liver failure and coagulopathy (difficulty in blood clotting) can occur. Large amounts of Xylitol can cause seizures, coma, and even death. Symptoms can occur within minutes to days of ingestion of even a small amount (half of a stick of gum). If you think your pet has ingested any product containing Xylitol, contact your veterinarian or the Animal Poison Control Center immediately." This is not something everyone is aware of, so please spread the word. I hope all of this info helped.
It did not damage mine.
I don't think it contains that ingredient - that is why I buy it as well . I usually break out in my mouth when Sodium sulfate is an ingredient , I do not have break outs and I have been using this product for well over a year. You can also trying googling this info as well.
It says "two-pack". Looks like two tubes to me.
June 2016
Sorry not sure what other vendors paid but with amazon fees and small profit this is what I need to sell for and I sold plenty so I don't think there is a problem
The flavor is so mild that you cant really notice the mint.
No.
Yes, the meter reads from 0 to 150 watts. My rig is just like yours in output and this meter works fine.
No
No, the connectors on this meter are SO-239 so it won't accept a SO-239 cable without a gender bender adapter to convert it to a PL-259 connector.
There are no digital test probe leads its a simple in line meter.
As long as the connections and switch are properly sealed, you shouldn't have a problem.
yes it worked with mine with out issues.. I put it up against my dad's MFJ antenna tuner and it matched.
Not really its for UHF & VhF 120 to 500 MHz like the add says
that would a nice additive, but i think better instruction about setting SWR would be better.
Receiving a signal will neither the need to measure "swr's" or power since all the activity on your antenna is incoming. Here is a good article from "Radio Reference" about random length long wire antennas. This site is a great reference for anything radio. Good luck and happy listening. http://forums.radioreference.com/hf-mw-lw-general-discussion/176209-longwire-shortwave-antenna-help.html
Actually, you have two methods. You can always use a hammer drill to drill holes in cement. Then use a lead insert in the hole to give your screw some threads. Personally, I wouldn't drill in cement because if water gets in and freezes it expands and breaks the cement up over a few seasons. I would simply mount the entire Kick Away centered on a piece of plywood 14 by 22 inches. I used half inch plywood. Then I cut two strips of wood 3/4 inch or thicker that are 22 inches long. I mounted both strips on the bottom of the plywood along the edges of the larger 22 inch plywood to keep the unit off the cement. I then put 4 rubber feet, one on each corner to keep the Kick Away from moving during use and to keep the wood drier off the cement to avoid rot. The large plywood is cut larger than the Kick Away so you can stand ONE foot on the plywood and clean the other foot. Then switch feet. Use mine every morning following our 2 mile walk. Still outside on our cement driveway in front of one of the parked cars and the garage door. Kick Away is holding up just fine. Might have to rebuild the wood base I describe because I didn't paint the plywood.
The bristles ARE stiffer than most. However, I have used them on my sneakers (including the sides of the sneakers). The key is to not be overly aggressive. Go slow until you are confident it is not going to damage your shoes.
Eau Claire, Wisconsin; J&D Manufacturing, Tele: 800-998-2398; website is www.jdmfg.com
Good question...one that I never thought of. I walked out to my deck and looked closely at the one I recently purchased. All the brushes are fastened to to the frame with phillips screws so they would be easily replaced. As the whether or not replacemnet brushes are available.....I don't know. I will say the thing is very sturdy and well built.
No electricity involved
Yes, just pull the rubber covers off the end and the steel is pre-drilled.... Screws come in the box
Correct, not electric. Just scrape your foot back and forth.
This tape is NOT sticky, really, it's not meant to be. The tape works by fusion. Within seconds, the tape will fuse to itself. This tape has great use in taping around objects, rather than other usages of like duct tape or scotch tape. Figure this, i just soldered an 8 gauge wire to another 8 gauge. Now, I use the F4 tape to tape it up (and insulates it). How you can do it is: Hold on end and wrap around the wire until it comes back to the beginning. Pinch that for 2 seconds to secure it. Now with the extra, unfused, tape. Pull tight and wrap around the exposed wire until completely covered. If not enough was cut, cut more, press the new tape onto tape on the wire (it fuses) and continue. I use this strictly for electronics, but i'm sure it has other uses.
I don't know exactly what you had in mind, however I can tell you that this tape only sticks to itself. So in that regard it doesn't act like traditional tape. You have to wrap it all the way around something and then stick it to itself.
It should work fine for this purpose. I've been using this type of tape for over 24 years as electrical tape for aircraft applications. I stopped buying the traditional electric tape years ago, because it fails even in moderate heat applications. For beefing up the end of USB cables, this should be great, and you won't have the sticky mess that electrical tape usually makes after a short period of time. F4 tape (self sealing silicon tape) also works well for sealing small low pressure tubing.
I got a 36 foot roll. This is really great stuff. Have no fear. If you get a 6 ft. roll, Amazon will make it good I'm sure.
I had the same results - unraveling & I thought I read it is used on war planes - are you kidding me! I do not know what to tell you other than I would not order this prod. again
I would not use this product for that. It does not fuse well enough to seal out moisture.
Non-adhesive, sticks to itself. No, the exposed side is not shiny, dark black with a blue streak in the middle.
It should if the leak is in the hose itself and not in the hose connection to the spigot.
Yes, I've used this on air planes, helicopters, and my cars.
I believe it may work since it is silicone rubber (high heat resistance) and there is no adhesive to melt or get gummy. It works by adhering to itself so you could wrap several layers around the handle to get some insulation effect. Be aware that the wrapping process can be difficult in tight places because the silicone wants to grab nearby stuff. If you can take the handle off to wrap it that would be ideal.
directly to gas line
Cast Iron with holes on both sides. The holes are sheltered from ash by a shelf on the top of the pipe. All-in-all it is a nice design at a reasonable price.
Mine faces out. It's easier to light and monitor that way.
Not necessary, When it is attached to your gas line connector it stabilizes it and with the grate over it, we have had no problems .
All inlets are blocked except the one you use. There are a row of ten to twelve holes in the top. These provide outlets for gas/flames. I cannot count the exact number of holes now since it is buried under several logs and a lot of hot ask. Our coldest nite of the winter. But I can say that I like it and it works very well.
Wouldn't think so. It shoots out individual flames instead of a continuous one.
Yes
1/ I dont think it will be a problem. 2/ Yes, or all the gas would come out the end. 3/ Sure I would put the flame side facing forward. I found that the draft going thru the fireplace pushed the flames back too far. So, I turned the device around and it hit more wood. Addtionally, for everyones sake. Know that this will take more gas to get the wood going. Because you are not using Kindling, just logs, the temp of the fire takes a while to build up in order to get enough coals to sustain the logs. Turn the gas off too soon and the fire will die.
There are no legs on the ramp. The ramp lays flat over the surface of what you are laying it on. I believe what you're seeing in the picture is the safety chain and pin hanging down.
I believe so, depending upon how high the van sits from the ground. This will affect the pitch angle. It comes with two cotter-like pins to anchor the upper lip of the ramp to the ledge of the opening. You may have to drill holes in the base of the van in order to set the pins (for safety).
i believe if i remember right ,29 "
No, it is too short. I used it very nicely for 2 steps. You may be able to put it on 3 steps but that is fairly steep.
We have no idea. It is heavy when you close it.
This ramp is 24" long and 29" wide and very sturdy but light
The Ramp is easy to use and is very reliable. the area you are attempting to go up will be quite steep with only a 24" ramp, you might want to consider a 36" ramp to lessen the angle.The question you need to ask yourself is, are you able to bend over and put the ramp in place. Most injuries occur because the user should not have attempted something without help
I don't think so, it only has a rise of 4" with a width of 24", we use it for a one step access to our home from the carport entrance and it works fine---GOOD LUCK!
There are vertical side pieces to keep from rolling off the sides but they are lower on the ramp part and not on the part that abuts the door threshold. We never had a problem opening the door with the ramp in place.
It doesn't attach, but there is a small edge to place it on a step or platform, it is secure. I use it to help get my mothers transport chair into the house, and it works pretty well.
Yes, if the space is only 1', this would definitely be safe. It is very durable.
On most mobily scooters the wheels are not adjustable. They make small personal ramps for steps of 6". You can fold them up and carry them with you or leave them at the step down area.
Yes it will work fine
Maybe 5 lbs with the chains
It would likely be too steep. You would probably need a 4' ramp.
Yes It worked for us 6' foot, at least for a wheel chair, cane or walker? you will need some sort of strong railing, the 3' is too steep to be safe
It is easy to handle. Folds in half and has a handle. Doesnt seem heavy at all. Ready to use out of the box. This model fits a 6 inch step perfectly. Very sturdy and works for mom and wheel chair weight of 225.
Absolutely, I actually use it to go into my Shed which is about 8" off the ground. I love this ramp it is easy to use and store.
I am not sure why they list an "unoccupied" rise specification. Better to ask the manufacturer. I do know it will safely hold an incline of six inches. Hope all goes well for you. God bless the disabled.
The directions werent too detailed. I had a handy man take a look at it and you would have to drill holes into the foundation of what you want to pin it to. Depending on where you use it, you may not need to pin it, the door threshold has groves in it and the ramp has groves. It grips on nice and I didn't need to use the pins. This too allows it to be folded up and moved or taken on vacation if needed. Hope this helps.
The legs on the top adjusts to be level with the top of the ramp and the step and the bottom edge is tapered to meet the floor. Hope this helps you. My mom finds it easy to use her wheelchair or use her walker to go up and down the ramp
Yes! That's exactly why I purchased this. Someone spray painted my silver car with black paint and it came off in minutes with no damage the to paint underneath - actually it made the paint under the spray paint look a little cleaner than the rest of my car hah!
It would work pretty well on a small spot treated (scrubbed) by hand. I don't think it will do anything except spread the ink if you tried to use in washer. Goof off is similar to dry cleaning fluid. It's pretty amazing on some stuff, but I think you're probably out of luck. Sorry. I just hate it when that "pen in the washer" incident happens.
Colored caulking should wash off with hot soapy water, try that first. If not the goof off should do the job.
Yes it should, but it won't instantly dissolve the sap. It might require several application and you will have to keep it in contact with the sap while its doing its dissolution.
It usually does not take off paint. It may take off a little with lots of scrubbing, but I've very good luck with this stuff taking off all residue without damaging the surface or paint underneath.
Yes
It will soften the glue and I suggest scraping off as much as you can when it has softened. The problem is that this product contains acetone/toluene which will also soften the plastic case. If it's a clear case it will cause the case to become cloudy. On colored plastics, it may change the color (usually to a lighter shade). Any cloth or paper wipe will stick to the glue and case.
Definitely not! The product is very potent.
Yes it will
I would not use this. Use 91% Rubbing Alcohol instead
Sorry I can't answer for low riding cars. But it does very well with my Ford F350. It is strong and is wide enough to make it easy to manage curbs.
Yes Kris It will fit flush against a wall. I'm using it against a threshold with a 5 1/2 inch rise from my garage to the hallway inside my house. We have a senior dog with short legs. This ramp has made life much easier for her to get in and out of the house. It's weight prevents it from moving when the dog walks on it. Hope this information is helpful.
Not sure how you'd want to attach them. They are pretty hefty but can be set next to each other. Mine are spaced apart to drive the rising mower and the bigger tractor out of the barn that has as 4" concrete pad. They are webbed on the bottom so stacking is possible. But you probably don't want to do that.
it is closer to a 5" rise
I ordered the product twice. Set of two. The first two were 19 inches wide, 17 inches long with a 4-1/2" rise in the center. The second set was 19 inches wide but I had not checked the other dimensions when I ordered so I got a set that were 14 inches long with a higher rise, 5-1/2" rise. I like the 17 inch long x 19 inch wide set, with the 4-1/2 inch rise in the center the best. Just watch the measurements when ordering. An added plus for me: the dip at the end of my driveway always collects water when it rains and I have to step over a small creek. Now I just walk over one of the ramps. I got them because my Toyota Camry would always scrap when I drive over the dip at the end of my driveway. You can bolt these down (there's a ready made place to do that) so they don't move some when you drive over them, but I haven't done that. I just re-align the ramps periodically so they line up again.
If the white vinyl is actually plastic laminate (like formica) you would be better off using contact cement. This glue is designed to glue to a melamine surface, which typically is melamine plastic that in impregnated into the substrate (mdf) and doesn't really peel loose. Contact cement is what is typically used to adhere plastic laminate to mdf.
I used it to adhere a high gloss melamine panel to an unfinished piece of plywood support for a floating desk, and its holds amazingly well. Looks like Elmer's school glue, so i was surprised at the strength of its hold.
While I have not used this glue for this particular application, here is my thought concerning gluing melamine to a chalkboard. The melamine is non porous therefore I am assuming that the two are glued together by surface tension. I would think this glue would work much the same way on any non porous material. That is as long as both materials can be brought tightly together and held for the appropriate amount of time for the glue to dry. The only way to know is to try a test piece. BTW, both surfaces need to be clean and free of any oils or wax. You also can find some information on Titebond's web site concerning the use of their products. Good luck.
Nope
I don't think so... Works well with liquids, but don't know how you'd even test fabric or carpet with it.
Yes, Very Good
Ph solution 10.01-7.01-4.01 depending on What ur doing most ppl just get the one I use 4.01-7.01 n calibrate once a month or so and I store in storage solution to keep em on da ball
While I cannot guarantee that it will not remove paint, my experience is that it removes very easily...I used it to tape a runner to a floor for a wedding and it did not harm the finish.
It should....depending on the backing for the skirting...we used this to place a runner on concrete for a wedding and it held well throughout the ceremony and until we pulled it up at the end of the evening. Again, everything depends on the two surfaces you are trying to attach.
It's about as thick as regular duct tape.
Yes
I'm sure it will. I use this double sided tape to hold wood down to another piece when I run it thru a planer. It takes a lot of sticking strength to do it.
Yes
I would think so! It is really strong stuff. I put it under my orthotics to hold in place in my shoes. The stuff is so sticky I don't think they will ever be coming out. Good stuff!
Yes it should cork board is light enough
absolutely not. It doesn't even hold well without any water, I can't imagine it ever working in the shower
Yes absolutely. I use it for posters, rugs, and even to insulate windows!!! It's a great but and quality.. The only is is hen u want to take it off- it probably will be a mess!
Based solely on my lab experience (where I haven't actually tried using a mason jar), it depends on several factors. First, the jar should be centered as well as possible on the plate; if you can use a magnet to pinpoint the exact location of the magnet in the base of the stirrer, mark it with a piece of chalk or something similar and use it to center the jar. This will help keep the stirring magnet from clinking against the sides of the jar, among other things. Second, don't turn the stirrer up too high-- start out slowly and gradually increase the rotation speed. Once you reach a speed at which you can see the water moving, keep it there. As more water gets moving, the stirring effect will accelerate. If the magnet starts jumping around in the jar, you've gone too fast. If it clinks against the sides, you're not centered. So, the main points I would stress are: 1. Center the magnet and the jar. 2. Don't go too fast.
Hi yes you can, also this has a knob to regulate the speed of the vortex
I use it for mixing homebrew yeast, which is in suspension. It works well for this, and although it's already mixed there is a significant amount of dissolved solids in the 2L I'm stirring with this stir plate.
You would need a really tiny magnet bar to fit into a vial. Doubtful they make them that tiny.
It should do fine for that. However I don't know why you would need this to test pool water?
I would imagine so.
it comes with 1 stir bar about an inch and a half long
I don't believe it would a problem
No
They are about 1/4" and are diamond shaped. There are no divided areas, just one open space.
The top opening is (just about) 6 inches x 12 inches. The bottom is about 5 inches x 10.5 inches. The basket is about 4 inches deep. The four attached hooks are on 2 inch centers. It has been a nice general utility basket for my steel pegboard.
I don't know the distance but I do know thy it works with my pegboard. I want more in fact! Definitely recommend it.
Ounces, not pounds.
Yes, you are correct. The device you want to control piggybacks on the plug-end and is not powered until you step on the foot pedal. Also, the reason I prefer this foot pedal over some of the others is because of its low angle as you press down it does not force it away from you.
We do not have this product in a waterproof version.
Beats me... I just have a single grinding wheel hooked to mine. Not sure about 12 devices????? It is well built though and still working fine..
It works on a standard 110v. I used it to turn on a simulated image of a small camp file while I played a song and sang with my guitar.
It's a "single-strike" switch-pedal, meaning that will pass through power only while been pressed/pushed on, and will stop power when released, it can be set in a reverse manner, meaning that you can also set it to be "on" permanently, and when pressed/pushed, will cut power and when released will pass through power again...hope that will help you!
This will do anamazing job of control ingwhat ever you hook up to it. You will need a chord that will handle your load and power in to this unit. You will also need a relay and outlet for your sous vide to plug into. All this will need to be in a box of some kind since there will be a/c power exposed on the contacts. So to summarize: Cord outler relay project box
The JLD612 has three output connections. Two of them are limit alarms i.e. overtemp alarm and undertemp alarm. You can see if they are active by the lit led under AL1 and AL2 on the PID display. The connections on back of the pid are 4/5 and 13/14. The third output is the SSR output. You can see it's activity as the 'out' led. Make sure you're SSR is connected to pins 6 and 7 in the back of the PID Controller. Also note that the pins have a polarity. Pin 6 on the PID is the Positive pin and must be connected to lug 4(-) on the SSR. Pin 7 on the PID is the negative pin and must be connected to lug 3(+) on the SSR. Make sure these connections are correct. Also, make sure the output pins are set to SSR. First, press (SET) on the PID controller. Enter 0089 and press (SET) again. Press the (^) button until you see 'outy' in the top display. Press (SET). The value must be (2) for SSR, if not, press the (^) button until you see (2). Press (SET) to save it. You will see 'outy' again in the display. Press (^) until 'End' shows up in the top display and press (SET) to exit. Your PID should now be cycling the SSR.
It could control a solid state relay which could switch the power on and off to the blanket. The controller just supplies the signal to the relay and as long as you get a relay that can handle 400W you would be fine.
The manual is titled "Instructional Manual TET612 Temperature Controller". A pdf is available here: http://www.biopowered.co.uk/w/images/2/22/TET-612_PID_Manual.pdf
I'm just using a 110VAC power cord. Something like http://www.amazon.com/NEMA-5-15P-Standard-Power-Black/dp/B003V1OP1A/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1392744987&sr=8-6&keywords=power+cord+bare+wire
Not as far as I can tell. You could increase the set point and it would modulate the power in some fashion. If you just want a variable power device you can plug a heater into a dimmer or a variac, or do an electronics project with something like a 555 and an SSR.
No
I am not experienced with a pottery kiln but with the right temperature probe it would monitor the temperature. This unit would be able to set and hold a particular temperature using relays, but I don't know how you would program in cooling times.
The casing is not sealed. Maybe if it were in a proper housing.
No.
Not for outdoor use. Temp ok, but other elements will wear them down.
Anything that is stuck down with glue can be removed. The strips have a very good glue that stays put, but, that doesn't mean that it permanent.These are safety strips why would you ever want to remove them?
That's what I used them for and they work great. I haven't tried to remove them.
These are about as thick as a piece of cardboard that is on the back of a scratch pad. Actually, I just tried to measure one, and it doesn't even come up high enough on the ruler to show how thick it is. So, it is even thinner than that type of cardboard.If you have under 1/8th inch, I am pretty certain you will be fine.
Yes
No grit, feels fine on feet. Wouldn't recommend coming to a skidding halt on it, but stepping on it is fine.
They work very well outside. I have mine on my outdoor deck stairs and I live in a rainy enviornment. They are intact and no issues.
They can be cut with a good pair of scissors or a box cutter and straight edge.
Absolutely not. The adhesive is very strong but it can be removed. This is absolutely ideal for stairs that are hardwood or any floor with a slippery surface.
Yes. We use it mostly on a plastic dog ramp for our English Bulldog because she cannot do steps, but we have used it on wood as well and it sticks very well, just clean the area well and let dry completely before you try to stick it down.
Do not believe it is stainless; manufacturers usually promote the stainless aspect, since it is 4X more expensive. It is probably stamped carbon steel, but we have not tested for composition. Sorry.
1/4" high and 1/4" diameter
A G drill witch is .261 or an 17/64 =.2656
Probably...It's been awhile since I'd ordered these to replace broken buttons on a snow removal 'roof rake' and a senior citizen family member's adjustable chair. Measure the button/protruding pin diameter, the 1/4 inch(6mm) will work with @1/2 in. to @7/8 in. tubing (.45-.87). The VALCO Valley Tool & Die, Inc. website appears to have a brief video 'How to select a snap Button' that should ensure that you select the appropriate variation for your application. There are 1000 variations I just ordered a ".250 single end spring leg snap button" since I was dealing with aluminum tubing with light to moderate loading. Good luck, hope this helps you.
This item is made of 1050 spring steel and is heat treated. It also plated with a .0002" zinc minimum.
The diameter of the button is .302"
We ship via UPS to guarantee delivery and because it gives us the ability to track your shipment.
We bought this for our son so I called him to ask if this would fit on a Grissly 600 and he said it would . He seems to be very pleased with his. Let me know if we can help anymore.
Im assuming your talkin bout the steel tow cable and i would say approx. 30. Feet, i can measure later an get exact amount but that should be close. The cables going from the winch to the controller is about 4~5 feet.
You will need a battery installed on front of trailer or some way to power and it would need to be quite heavy wire (cables) it you were to runn any distance to another battery....
The 2 door yes the 4 door I would go with at least 5000lb. Or 5500lb.
No
I had to modify my mounting bracket for it to fit my artic cat. I have a welder so did it myself. I mounted it on the outside so it is easier to use. The winch is worth more than it is sold for. First day on my atv I had to winch myself out of a wet field. Works great.
It just comes with the plate in the photo. You will need sone reciever tube as a minimum.
not wireless, I would not trust the remote under water, but probably ok for splashes, not sure on cables, maybe 5-10 feet? I keep the remote within 3 feet of the winch.
yes it comes with all necessary components to easily install it.
It has a "universal" mounting bracket. It is not designed for any one particular application. Some fabrication may be required. That could be as simple as u bolts through the pre-drilled holes to attach to your luggage rack, or may require something more involved such as welding.
I didn't get a handle either. I was kind of annoyed but not enough to return it, so I cut a piece of a broom handle.
Rubber is attached, works like a champ right out of the box. Works well at my house
No
Yes man
The instrument's maximum pressure reading is 20" water column or roughly 0.75psi.
mBar-psi-inwg only
I'm a HVAC tech. This meter would not work for checking evaporator freon leaks. Or any other purpose in auto AC work. :o)
without more information, or the units in front of me, I'd say that one has a letter 'B' in the name
Mg are a measure of weight and different liquids have different weights so I don't see how a syringe could have mg measurements. The syringe measures in volumes and there are syringes that have ml and/or cc measurements. I think you have mistaken mg with ml. To measure mg, you would have to use a very accurate weight scale for measuring that small of a weight.
No they do not.
most people are buying these for measuring tools.
Mine came with no caps at all. Having to source those locally, or trying to at least.
I cant really say for sure because "lotions" vary in consistency....I can say these do have a lot of suction power, but whether your lotion is too thick to fit easily through the opening is a question I cant really answer.
I believe so, each one is individually packaged. I had a different use for them though so I am not positive.
In accordance with data sheets, coverage rate is approximately 75 square feet per quart.
The curtains I applied this to, still have the same feel as when I did it a year and a half ago, a very starchy feel. If the material is washed it must be reapplied; otherwise, it should be fine. My Mother doesn't open her windows, so the curtains are not exposed to rain or other elements.
It did not stain the tan curtains I used it on.
Yes
To help you out I sprayed some on a strip of white pine. I held it over the gas burner on my stove. It offers some protection. Just how long it would hold up, I don't know? Lee
It's clear so no
Leather is inherently more fire resistant than this spray. It doesn't prevent singeing, just helps prevent catching fire.
you can but you should not. Iv had some staining on painted walls.
Yes
If the wallpaper is truly a fabric, I would suggest putting the spray on a small piece of the fabric and then after it dries, light it on fire. If the spray worked, their would be no flame but a curling of the fabric to either ash or a plastic consistency.
I ordered for my gdaughter but yes it does have a name tag and I noticed 2 different ear style pieces.
I currently work for a veterinarian. It's standard in size will work for most medium sized dogs and few small animals. A pediatrics will work best for small children and small breed animals.
Yes
Yes it is
You can hear all heart sounds adequately, I find a lot of murmurs others missed with much more expensive scopes. I found it to be very good quality
I think mine came with two extra sets
No. It is as short as the Lit brand.
No
Movements? Probably so, especially if you are far along and your baby is taking up a lot of room. You may even be able to hear the heartbeat! Congrats!
Sorry, have not tried, it's still working perfectly.
Per the manufacture you can cut to fit. It would just void the warranty.
The size of the item is 24x3x1. Unfortunately, this is held at a off site warehouse and was not given the information as to whether this is a top mount or not.
Track measures 22" from mounting hole to mounting hole
Track measures 22" from mounting hole to mounting hole.
Included track measures 22" from mounting hole to mounting hole.
I think that should be ripen..... hanging them does help them to ripen slower
Yes, there are 2 holes pre-drilled.
Folds left or right.
Just measured- it hangs down 5" to the lowest point. Obviously the bananas will hang much lower. Love this little thing! Hope this helps.
Total of two holes approx. 1-3/4" (a lil shy) apart.
I would say you could but not sure the adhesive would hold through the change of season. It does have holes to screw through though and it's all plastic thus should be fine for quite a while
adhesive
No
No it doesn't. it is very good.
It will pull some of the material off the top of the rug, it really did not work well on my runners and they were on wood floors.
I bet it would. I don't work for the manufacturer to give a formal response, but I can say the stuff is pretty sticky!!
I honestly do not know. I used it to hold carpet strips on stairs and it works great. I have not had to replace any of the tape yet and these stairs get heavy use daily. It has been holding for several months now. Try to contact the manufacturer for more help. I hope I was able to help you.
I don't know. We used it for carpet pads on hardwood stairs. I would worry that if you pulled up the throw rug it might pull up more fabric/carpet fibers from the rug.
Tape is clear.
If I recall it is thicker and hard to undo the backing. I recall using a pin to tease the corner in order to pull off the backing . Sorry for the memory loss but it was about 18 months ago that I bought this and remember I used it to tack down the carpet pieces on hardwood stairs so the dog could climb the stairs. If that is what you are doing, I can say it has held up remarkably.
It's about 7 inches high and 2 inches in diameter at the base. It does get narrower as it gets taller. Probably around 1 inch diameter at the top.
Yes it is a press pump. And it has an attached lid.
It is an 8 oz bottle. Great quality, doesn't leak when packed for travel!
This is probably not as wide as the old ones. A little touch up on paint. Well worth it because these dryers work amazing.
No its hard wired
I would have to measure, but off hand I would say about 10 inches. It has worked very well.
The power requirements are 110/120 volt, 12.5 amp, 1600W
The clear distance between the casters is 21-1/2". The total width of the two bars that hold the caster is 25-1/2". If the inside clearance won't allow his wheelchair to fit, maybe the bars can go in between the wheelchair.
Highest-Near 34", Lowest-24". Table-24" Wide,16" Deep. Base-24.5" Wide,30" Deep. Makes a nice computer table.
No, the mast is welded to the base.
The tray is made of a heavy duty plastic.
You cannot. The table only moves forward or back over the base, it does not swivel. If it did, it would fall over.
Not really. If the chair is reclined it's helpful, but the base of the chair is problematic, in our experience. We just put the table parallel.
not sure, but I think it's the vertical arm that holds the table top...checked my directions and they didn't mention a "mast"
I don't know. Mine was so flimsy I threw the whole thing away...shame, I could have sent you a caster. My recommendation is to go to Home Depot or Lowes, get 4 new casters with threaded screws, carefully drill four new holes completely through, and use a washer on the top and bottom before tightening a nut on each caster.
Not a lot. It's only supported on one side. I would say about 25 - maybe 30 pounds. It was used for lunch trays and a 19" flat screen TV.
A normal wheelchair, yes, but I would seek another solution. This is not well made.
yes, it can be done with one hand.
No there is no lip around the table. I bought this for myself but the cats took it over
Yes, you've installed the activation handle up-side-down. It's an easy fix. Turn the table back on it's table top (yes, I know with it fully extended it's a little difficult). Take out the one long screw holding the tabletop on - pull out the activation lever - flip it over - put the screw back in. Tip: you'll need to hold the inner-bar up with a flat head screwdriver to easily insert the lever back in. Good Luck
Lowest measurement for the knee would be 27" while the lowest arm rest height would be 28". Make sure the bolts on the bottom are tight to avoid wobble, hope this helps.
It's a piece of cake to assemble... a Phillips screwdriver is all you need, and as I recall it comes in three pieces. The only tricky bit involves removing the screw that keeps the table from rising; the instructions are not exactly clear, but there are stickers indicating which screw to remove and which to leave in place.
yes, it does! That is one of the MAIN reasons I ordered this table. My bed is on risers, so I can have storage underneath. So, I needed the extra height. Most of these tables do not extend to this height. You'll love it!
I don't know the actual weight this table will hold. I only use it for my laptop. It is not industrial strength but great for home use. I hope this helps you decide. I love mine, if they made one that went across the entire bed I would buy it.
The casters attach at the bottom and could be left off. You could put those sliding/gliding feet that attach to chair legs and it would slide under your sofa I would think.
It's 1.25 in.
It should go up and down without too much effort. Did you put the lever correct way?
This pad works on the 14001E and is the replacement for the Mason # 2001. Regards, REG Team
yes, contact us for more details
These are alternating flow mattress which means the air circulates throughout using an electric pump with 2 tubes that connect to the pad. These have not held up very well for me, however.
Hi Itzel, thank you for your interest in Drive Medical! Yes, this pad will work with either pump # 14002E or 14001E.
Not sure if they come any thicker. This is the second one I have ordered,the last one lasted 4 years with no problems. I would recommend ordering one with the extra flaps on the ends that tuck under the mattress as this one slides down when the head of the bed is raised.
Just the overlay and tube come in this package. No motor.
This mattress is designed to be used with an alternating pressure pump. The air stays in because the air pump runs continuously.
Yes the pads are universal and it will work fine
I think 14005E is the pump, this is the pad only, but it will work with the 14005E pump if that was your question.
Hi Jane, This product doesn't come with a pump. Regards, REG Team
We have tight-weave rugs on which it works pretty well. It works better since I discovered there were brakes on 2 of the wheels!
No. The manufacture makes this item in only one size
They look the same I would get the silver it's cheaper in price. When I bought ours it was the same price as the silver one.
9 3/4" X 22 1/2"
Hi Hua Zheng, The difference between the Drive Medical 14001E and the Dive Medical 14001EFD is that the 14001EFD comes with end flaps that wrap around the edges of the bed that help to keep the mattress more centered on the bed and prevent movement of the mattress.
It is not designed for a queen bed. Here are the specifications: 130 individual bubble cells for maximum comfort and effectiveness. Quiet pump alternately inflates and deflates the air cells. 4 LPM (liters per minute) pump produces consistent air flow and pressure over a 5 minute cycle time. Variable pressure setting on deluxe pump allows comfort setting for maximum comfort and compliance. Durable, heavy gauge, premium vinyl bubble pad provides superior therapeutic treatment. Built-in bracket for mounting easily to bed. Available with variable pressure pump or Fixed pressure pump. 123" (L) x 36" (W) x 2.5" (H) Rick RKF Medical
Hi Cynthia, thanks for your interest in the Drive Medical Med Aire Alternating Pressure Pump and Pad System. This pad is not made in a queen size.
Hi Hua Zheng, Thanks for your interest in the Drive Medical Med Aire Alternating Pressure Pump and Pad System, Variable Pressure with End Flaps. This APP comes with a three prong plug.
It Is good, because it is very confortable and takes up little space
It should be perfectly fine. Not a problem.
Only 120
Mine did not
The pad is comfortable and once my mom adjusted to the different feeling, it seems to be good to lesson the pressure points. The motor is louder than we expected and that is also something different to get used to. Our best to your mother in law.
Hi Hua Zheng, The difference between the Drive Medical 14001E and the Dive Medical 14001EFD is that the 14001EFD comes with end flaps that wrap around the edges of the bed that help to keep the mattress more centered on the bed and prevent movement of the mattress.
It is not designed for a queen bed. Here are the specifications: 130 individual bubble cells for maximum comfort and effectiveness. Quiet pump alternately inflates and deflates the air cells. 4 LPM (liters per minute) pump produces consistent air flow and pressure over a 5 minute cycle time. Variable pressure setting on deluxe pump allows comfort setting for maximum comfort and compliance. Durable, heavy gauge, premium vinyl bubble pad provides superior therapeutic treatment. Built-in bracket for mounting easily to bed. Available with variable pressure pump or Fixed pressure pump. 123" (L) x 36" (W) x 2.5" (H) Rick RKF Medical
Hi Cynthia, thanks for your interest in the Drive Medical Med Aire Alternating Pressure Pump and Pad System. This pad is not made in a queen size.
Hi Hua Zheng, Thanks for your interest in the Drive Medical Med Aire Alternating Pressure Pump and Pad System, Variable Pressure with End Flaps. This APP comes with a three prong plug.
It Is good, because it is very confortable and takes up little space
It should be perfectly fine. Not a problem.
Only 120
Mine did not
The pad is comfortable and once my mom adjusted to the different feeling, it seems to be good to lesson the pressure points. The motor is louder than we expected and that is also something different to get used to. Our best to your mother in law.
Hi Ahmad, Thanks for your interest in the Drive Medical 5" Med Aire Low Air Loss Mattress Overlay System with APP. This low air loss mattress consumes 12W and you would need an adapter that can match that output.
Warranty 1 Year Limited through Manufacturer
Yes
yes and yes....UL listed (74DG..??..thats the number next to the UL seal)......the 1 year warranty was in the literature by Drive medical...mine lasted @1 year with a 110lb patient...I am currently using the $50 model by Drive...it has little squares that alternate air...working fine for several months now.
CPR quick release doesn't interfere at all with the operation of the mattress. I've never use it to facilitate getting up, as a matter of fact I never use it period. Regards
80" L 36" W 5" H
This is the onlypump that Drive sells seperately to ogo with the matress. http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Medical-Electric-Pump-Mattress/dp/B002VWJZFQ/ref=sr_1_1?s=hpc&ie=UTF8&qid=1393884589&sr=1-1&keywords=drive+14427 you will need a voltage adapter. Thank you.
don't know, mine doesnt leak any where and i havent examend it to see how it works. mine is about three years old and like new. jerry kramer
No, 110 - 120 volt power supply needed.
I own this set and theres no max RPM stamped on the bits. They work great and have an aggressive cut for easy material removal. But these are designed to be used at low RPM's anyway.
Mine have them on the sides only.
1/4 width then about 2" length not counting the burrs head. They are probably 3 or 3.5 inches long total. I'm happy with them
No,.these are pretty coarse.
yes
Yes. I sanded, stained, and then used the gel
The pint will be adequate to cover the 40 sq ft area twice at least, probably more. The variable will be whether you are covering new wood or are refreshing. Either way, apply lightly, work in and then wipe off excess. Multiple coats yield best results in my opinion.
Previously oiled - yes but it must be sanded Bee waxed - don't know Overall an awesome product and it is very resistant
It darkens the color slightly like any clear coat does on a wood surface. The finish is great and worth it!
Yes that is what it is good for. I use it on a plumbed in machine.
Hi Kenneth: If the shipping address would be out of the lower 48 United States then shipping would be added. Also if you are adding items or if the order is above about $50.00 then shipping would be added. Thank You, WaterFiltersOnline
I applied it to the gasket on a go pro housing. Helped make sure it slipped into the case when closing. So I would say it will work for your application. A dry oring doesn't seal well...
I used silicone grease in plumbing Brass valves and brass stem. it prevent the calcium scale from forming on the brass surface. and make it operate smoothly I'm pretty sure it will work very well in the brass gas valves on a gas stove. It will reduce the STICTION (Static friction)( that stickiness when you first try to move the valve) and make the operation of the valve better.
can't answeryour question.Only know it didn"t work on a new o ring on a screw off canister filter housing for a water purification system.
YES it is. The label on my recently purchased tube is not the same as the picture here. Mine clearly states Molykote 111. I use this often when doing plumbing repairs.
No the door bell wiring is low voltage in the area of 18VAC
You do not need to buy Aiphone cable. I used a cord from an old ac adapter. Seems like the instructions said the wire gage you should use.
Depends on the thickness of the wiring used, this is what Aiphone recommends: Door to farthest master/sub master: 165'(22AWG) 330'(18AWG) Master to IER-2: 245'(22AWG) 490'(18AWG)
The power supply plugs into the monitor then plugs into an outlet for the power.
Yes, if you push the button it can be heard at outside station.
I believe the existing wiring will work. I connected my Aiphone system to the wires from an existing speaker that was installed in the 1960s and it works just fine. I believe the Aiphone simply needs a twisted pair of wires to supply power to the outdoor monitor and to transmit the video/audio signal.
my electrician said - it's all hard wired.
I don't think you can and a second sub-station with the JK series. You can with the JF series which isn't much different. Go to the aiphone website to check out all the models. Good luck.
Absolutely yes. A sub master is available.
It has a door release button. It is NO dry contacts.
It says on the unit that it is good for 1000 watts, that equals 8.3 amps.
0.629 inches
The threaded barrel you can see in the picture is 16mm in diameter. It also came with 2 screw-on collars and 2 rubber washers that fit around that threaded barrel. The washers are 22mm in diameter.
No the dimensions are wrong. It fits inside of my light post which is about 4-5 inches in diameter. The dimensions are 3.6 x 3.6 x 1.7 inches.
110 volt
Yes it does. I use it in conjunction with 4 2.5 wt, 110 volt LED lightbulbs.
This is soft not paper like
Not sure, but it fits in our San Jamar.
We don't have a touchless, but it fits in our San Jamar. Not sure if this helps much.
Don't use that dispenser.
It would fit any dispenser with dimensions of 16 x 13 x 10"
Yes it can be attached to a tile wall but you need tile diamond drill to make a hole for the anchors.
It needs to be screwed to the wall; hardware is not included. It is easy to install, though.
Costco sells rolls for these dispensers in a brand called "marathon" for about $12 for 4 rolls here on the West Coast. A roll lasts a LONG time.
Home Depot , they have plastic universal keys for dispensers
I order the rolls from Amazon: Boardwalk 6100 2-Ply JRT Jumbo Toilet Tissue Roll, 1000' Length x 9.125" Width (Case of 12). The tissue is very soft and comfortable. The locking system on this device is similar to other commercial-type paper holders, but I have a different brand in another bathroom and this key will not fit it. I use these paper holders in my home, so I am not concerned about theft--only keeping the covers closed. The key is plastic and it fits into a slot on the paper holder. You push the key down and it releases the latch that holds the cover on.
Hi Ashley...I always order Green Heritage 800 9" Diameter x 3.42" Width, 2-Ply Jumbo Roll Bathroom Tissue (Case of 12)
Yes.Comes with Key.I leave mine in dispenser.Looks good. Dick H.
Not sure best to call company
No, I think. It's max range is 10. GaussMaster is used to measure the magnetic field produced by electrical power lines or other home appliances. I used it to measure the frequency near TV, microwave, and the high power line goes through the backyard. Really useful in indoor and outdoor. It measures in two modes; 0.1 to 1 for small frequencies (power lines) and 1 to 10 for higher frequencies. Microwaves and TVs produce in the range of 50s, you would notice the needle hitting the right.
Yes it should. It will pick up any electromagnetic energies outside the infrared flux levels. Yiu can scan in two different levels. High levels as you hold the button and lower as you press the button and let go.
Yes there is a round opening at the top of the mop refill with threading inside. You would just screw it into any standard mop stick that has threading on it.
nothing just the color is different.
I use mine on the light and thirsty metal mop, but I tried screwing it onto a wood extension I use for painting walls and the mop head screwed onto it so I think it's universal threading and would probably screw onto a broom handle also.
It has to be a mop with a screw on at the bottom to accommodate the mop head. I hope that helps.
I'm not sure if we've had that issue with these mops, but other similar mops we've used in the past have gotten rusty. Maybe put some CLR on it to loosen any rust?
I like it better than the micro fiber and I have both. To me it cleans better. Hope this helped.
It is as pictured: blue and white.
if you have a screw in other type of mop or broom handle, it might work
You are correct that it will not read ambient temp. It measures the temp at the point where the laser can be seen.
Hello Tom, To answer your question I had to have my husband pull out the instruction sheet that came with the thermometer. I thoroughly read it and I didn't see anything that said that measuring glass temperature wasn't possible. Here is the paragraph in the instructions that tells how to take temperature measurements: 1. When taking measurement, point thermometer toward the object to be measured and hold the yellow trigger. The object under test should be larger than the spot size. 2. As the distance from the object increases, the spot size of the measuring area becomes larger. 3. Make sure the target is larger than the unit's spot size. The smaller the target the closer measuring distance. When accuracy is critical, make sure the target is at least twice as large as the spot size. There is a lot of other information on the instruction sheet; but there is nothing saying that glass can't be measured. I hope this info will help you. Otherwise I don't have any other answers. Sincerely, Toni
I have tried it when the water started to boil and YES I got a reading of 212 to 214 degrees. so I would say YES to your question.
Open the battery cover and locate the C/F button. Turn it around and press the trigger and hold and push the C/F button and it will toggle back and forth between the two.
it doesn't come with batteries :-) Pop off the battery cover of the gun and fill it up with batteries
you will be able to see the laser spot on the surface you are checking, but not the beam unless you are in smoke or perhaps fog
Wrong question and wrong tool. Only the interior temp matters and this won't do that. You need an instant read meat thermometer or learn to tell by touch how done your steak is. Happy grilling!
A square 9-volt battery. They sell them almost everywhere that has batteries.
I would be very careful using around your face as the lasar is very dangerous to your eyes.
Check inside the battery door and move the switch to F (Fahrenheit).
You can use it to test whole house gas lines. You just need to make sure that the valves at the various appliances are shut off and not leaking. Also you may need some adaptors to hook up to different diameter gas lines.
It does not have any of the fittings. Just a rubber tube :)
I am sorry but I have not experienced a problem with the adapter. I would think Robinair would be able to help. Sorry.
Here's how to handle the ridiculous lack of model numbers that this fits; if it fits all models,they should say so. Measure the opening on your unit- it should be 2 and 1/4 inches, like most Shop Vacs. If so, this 1.25 inch hose with the provided adapter will fit.
yes, I've connected 3 of these so I don't have to move the vacuum around when I vacuum the cars - works great. A 3" piece of 1" IPS PWPipe slips perfectly into the hoses (1-1/2" per hose) and is enough of a tight fit that you don't need clamps etc. (they could probably sell this as an official coupling). Anyway, the 1" PWPipe is the lightweight version of PVC pipe (white) with a wall thickness of about 1/16 or so, typically used for in-ground sprinkler systems. Available HomeDepot, Lowes, etc. (it's not the heavier schd 40 pvc). cuts easy with a backsaw/miter box etc. let me know if you need more info.
The hose I received actually had four different adapters. I don't have them available right now, but they were of various sizes.
I salvaged the one off the broken/destroyed hose. Not an easy task, but it can be done. I'm not sure that the deflector inlet it essential, though... may be able to just use one of the included connectors if salvaging the original isn't an option?
I had to use the 1 1/4" adapter that had the longer end on it for my shop vac the other to did not fit.
no it is a permanent mount to the flexible hose
It comes with several hose ends. It should fit about any shop-vac.
I believe there is an adapter for 2.5 but because I don't have a vacuum that has a 2.5 opening I am not a 1005 sure. Wish I could be more helpful.
Hi Paul. I hope I understood your question right. One side of the adapter is 1.25 and goes into the hose. Hope that helps. Manfred
That is not a wand but a round tube (permanently attached) that is used to attach the attachments.
The reason I chose this product is for its bonding ability to rubber roofing surfaces,many silicone products do not work well in this regard....Bonding to a rubber roofing material has been excellent!!!! Also recommended by the installer!!!
believe it is paint able, don't know re np-1; sono is best caulk i have ever used (homeowner)
It should have good adhesion and weather resistance, but what color are you thinking of? The white or light colors will yellow some.
This will pretty much bond anything , best sealant I've used so far , make sure u wear gloves because it's super sticky and thick ... = that's what she said ....
Use it on membrane roof repairs
Its probably fine if it went on a dry surface before the rain came, its pretty strong.
This hi-grade caulk is SUPER sticky, it will stick to anything. However, it's a caulk, it's not glue.
Ivory!!
I believe you would need the next size down, go to littlemachineshop.com, they have tooling for your size lathe. Joe
I don't have a mill so I simply used a 4.5" angle grinder with a 1/16" cut off wheel to make that over sized T nut fit my lathe. Now everything works as it should and I love this quick change tool post. Cutting the T nut that comes with the tool post is not difficult. Not being a machinist by trade I didn't panic over precision cutting. If it is flat on one surface and will fit the slot use it. It's only a piece of metal with one threaded hole that's too big to fit a T slot. Cut to fit. It's worth it. I hope you enjoy it.
It did on my 10x20 it should work on yours!.
This will take up to 1/2" Square bits. The boring bar holder is bored for 3/4" with a sleeve to hold 5/8". I assume they are in inches, but adjustment screws would make all fit. The cutoff holder holds 1/2" cutoff blade. I hope this helps. The T slot was easy to cut with a hocksaw and then brought to the right dimensions with a file.
this tool post should work, some machine work will have to be done
How do you mount cutting tools to your cross feed without a T mount?
One of the tool holders it comes with is a parting tool holder. It is a screw clamp type: an allen head screw in the back of the holder tightens or loosens and angled wedge anchor at the front of the holder. Not sure of the height dimension of the parting tool slot on the holder, off the top of my head. I also purchased a 1/2" parting tool that works just fine.
Just says made in China. No manufacturer's name on it. Tool holder fit a little tight on the post but other than that works fine.
I can check tomorrow (machine not at my house). But it comes with a plate that you machine to fit the T-slot on your cross slide.
Yes
Not well. If you use a lot of coolant and go slow they'll work but it will take one hour for every minute with a mill made for stainless.
Mill size 3/16" Cut Length 1/2"; Mill size 1/4" Cut Length 5/8"; Mill size 5/16" - 3/8" Cut Length 3/4"; Mill size 7/16" Cut Length 1"; Mill size 1/2" Cut Length 1-1/4"; Mill size 9/16" Cut Length 1-3/8"; Mill size 5/8" - 3/4" Cut Length 1-5/8". This comes from the End Mill sales chart.
Shortest (3/16") is 2.36" Longest (3/4") is 3.74"
Up to 7/16" use a 3/8 shank. 1/2 and 9/16 use 1/2" shank. 5/8 and 11/16 use a 5/8" shank. 3/4 uses a 3/4" shank.
Yes, you can. Might be handy to have a two axis vise mounted below.
NO it is center cutting straight end.
We do not offer free shipping.
These work well enough with a bit of lube. Wd40 works stunningly well to provide a good surface finish with these end mills.
3/8" up to the 1/2" dia cutter, 1/2" up to the 5/8" cutter, 5/8" up to the 3/4" cutter, and 3/4" for the 3/4" cutter. All shanks are straight with a cutout for a set screw.
The Smallest is 3/8 to 3/4 Largest, they are fine for light work and maintain their edge for multiple cuts mostly Al and UHMW Plastics
Yes, as I said in my original review on this fine product, it is best to buy all you need at one time. You can add as many "center" sections as you like. I originally bought the 3 piece sent then found that it was not long enough. It is more difficult to take the unit apart to insert another section then originally put it together, so buy as many centers as you think you need. The centers are set for mounting on both sides, while the end sections are constructed to be mounted only on one side. It is possible to add center sections, with additional tools. You will need bracing 2x4s and a bolt or rod and mallet to pound out the original mounting bolts.
Yes I was going to do the same thing. The only problem is the prices without the ends look like crap. Make sure your gutter in the half rounded typ. It does not work well on a standard gutter.
This comes in straight 4' sections!!!! Sturdy , so will not bend. Don't see how they would fit in curve. I love mine though. Have a wide driveway and have 7 sections in straight line.
We purchased a set of three ramps as there are two moulded for the sides and one for the center. We then added a fourth piece to make it wider and that was perfect. It does take a bit of work to bolt the pieces together, but it works nicely for us.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE OUR BRIDJIT rubber center for our driveway. When I got ours - 4 sections, everyone in our neighborhood wanted it and they now have it! They are better than great plus they look nice too.
yes they can
I can't give you a professional answer, but from my experience, I would say NO, you should not cut this in half. You could with some extreme effort, but you would remove any ability to join it to another unit. If you must fit it to a specific size area, and would not want to connect to another unit, by all means cut it in half with a power saw, but make sure which end you need for connection. As far as mounting to the curb, these are quite heavy and that is not needed. Again, give it a try, with a little imagination and the proper tools, one can do anything, but I do not believe that is needed.
I don't get snow in HiltonHead, SC
I think that you could, provided that you keep the Cord and Motor and Switch DRY !, Plugged into GFI circuit would be good,too. I think I had to prop a piece of plywood over my set up which I had on a wheel barrow to get up off the ground in a light rain. It's been a year since I did all this, but I think the switch might be turned on or off with something non-conductive if you're standing in water !!! Just my 2 cents and if you're not sure ask a real electrician, I'm just an overworked homeowner!!! (I did love the pump, though)
The manufacturer indicates the pump is OK for glycol, but not flammable liquids or hot water over 140 degrees. http://www.libertypumps.com/Data/SalesLiterature/Model331web.pdf
We have used ours infrequently for the last couple years - no rust problems i am aware of. It's a quality piece of cast iron, good paint on the outside-
This pump can possibly collapse a garden hose - I suggest using a rigid style hose. I cant say the max footage to use on the suction line. I'd say you can use up to 100' of extension cord, the pump doesn't seem to draw much power.
I am not sure if this pump has "rubber impellers" or "plastic impellers" I do know that the first time I used this pump it was pumping water great, I left if over night and when I came back the next morning the pump was burned up. I believe this was from pumping air.
No, but it's really easy it takes about 5 seconds or so to fill with water and then it works great.
We use ours on water heaters - have for 2 years (130 ish degrees). If you really need to know, liberty has tech guys you can call (number is on their site)
Indeed - it's a bit more complicated than just pulling it up, but with a couple of snaps - you're there. Love mine - absolutely perfect on a pontoon swim ladder.
Mine is painted white---this is my 3rd season (i think) so I'm not sure if they changed the color
I'm sure that would be possible with a little ingenuity. Though it is designed to hang on a ladder rung, the vertical aluminum frame members could easily be modified for attachment to a variety of surfaces
No, you will have to remove it to use the Ladder. But its pretty easy to take it off and on.
I am 175 and fee safe standing and geting in an out eater with. I will also say my two labs have hard time getting in and out boat added rubber pad to top so they could grip there paws to but still have to help.
i dont think so. this stuff is like putty or dough that has to be formed over a crack.
as a a+b putty user, what i recomend is to do a test. since i never used it the way this person wants to use it. it should work becaus it is for plumbing purpuces.
knead until it is all one color and you can work with it.
I have had the opened package last a year or two but you must wrap it so it does not get the air - I wrap mine in foil tightly and then put it is a plastic bag. I use so little for my projects that I would say the package has lasted me even 3 years and the it is usually gone by then anyway.
I would say yes...it will cure white so you might see it, but it will patch the crack and stop any leaks..
Yes it is denser but it does not swell or shrink be sure to push enough to be larger than hole give 12hours to set
White. Similar to the color and texture of white grout. Or white like the color of the white half of the epoxy bars.
I have never used it on soapstone but I am sure it would
I don't know. It's not really a glue and I'm not sure that it will stick to the wall. I'm pretty sure that you can drill holes into stucco or concrete with the right drill bit.
I think it might. Worked real good for my pool.
It should, I put mine on a car trailer and pulled a f-350 with 3 flat tires up with no problem. A boat at least rolls on the trailer.
Big NO on that.. needs direct connection right to your battery. Pulls quite a bit when using.
Works great on my trailer. It's nice because of the low profile. You can pull a car all the way up to it. Depending on what you are pulling, I would advise mounting it to the frame or creating a heavy steel platform to mount it too. Don't trust wood to hold it against pulling force.
The winch comes with a heavy gauge set of battery leads, about 4-6 feet long, as well as the remote switch that has a 15-20 foot cable and plugs in on the winch itself. All the wiring to connect direct to a battery is included as long as your battery is relatively close.
Yes , I think that would work just fine. My winch has never generated much heat at all. In fact my cable has some kinks and is starting to fray. I will replace with synthetic when the time comes.
I've had water splash over the hood a few times and it pulled me out almost immediately after - whatever that tells ya
I would check thru Superwinch or Warn winches to see if they offer a hidden winch mount to make it look factory. Most winch mounts have the same bolting pattern for the winch. Otherwise another option is new bumper that has a winch mount.
The general rule is 1.5 times the weight of your vehicle. That being said, I would trust this winch over a stronger Smittybuilt winch.
Mounting plate.
if you have your receipts yes it will
Yes and yes.
Absolutely
All dimensions are on the home page under spec
What exactly is your question?
The unit comes loaded with one SR44/LR44 battery and includes one spare.
The on ly place I can find any where on it is a European Directive. But it opperates great. Much better than Harbor Freights Junk! It holds zero good.
Inches an mms. Yes.
I used mine for several months with light use. It doesn't seem to turn off automatically for me, but now that I think about it I can't remember if it's supposed to. In general I have no complaints about the battery life, or anything really. I like mine a lot and would consider it one of my best buys.
No it does require a battery
The big arms are 1 5/8" the little arms are .5" inside on both .
Yes it is supper easy read the instructions and youll become a pro at using this tool
Yes it does inches in fractions it decimal as well as metric. I don't have it handy but I'm pretty sure it's hundredths of a mm.
I believe so, it's definitely not plastic. It's a bit odd to install the battery, but for the price I've really like these calipers.
yes, you can cycle through different measurement types. Fractions english, decimals english, decimals metric
In summary, the 9650600 is for "home" use and the 9650610 is for "commercial" use. I pulled the following info from ShopVac's site: Specs (9650600, 9650610): Cord Length: (6ft, 12ft) Operation Sound Level: (Super Quiet, Quiet) Hose Size: (1.25" Dia, 1.25" Dia) Warranty: (3 yr, 1 yr) Air Flow: (140 CFM, 143 CFM) Peak Air Watts: (230, 240) Onboard Accessory Storage (9650610 only) Electrical Rating: 120@60Hz, 8.2 Amps (same) Lock-on Hose (same) Blower Feature (same)
no you half to take the top off and dump it out. that is the only drawback i know for this shop-vac.
I haven't had to try that yet--thank heaven. They (Shop-Vac) says it can, and I put more faith in them than some other brands. The one negative I've found with this machine is that the filter bag is an annoying waste of money. One of those great ideas that fail in the execution. Bits of debris can't get past the opening of the bag and back up into the hose. Then you have to disconnect everything and run a long rod through the hose to shove out the dirt plug if reversing it to blower mode doesn't clear it. I've given up trying to use the bags. Other than that, I'm satisfied with it.
I would not describe this shop vac as "quiet," sorry.
It includes a bag which you might want to use for small particle dust, but it also has the filter which works fine for larger particle dust without the bag.
Any vacuum that is wet-dry will pick up liquids just fine. The filter should not be in the vac when used for liquids. Just get the size of vac that meets your needs.
Had mine for a few months and never had a problem or noticed a foul smell.
The shop vac is intended to pull up water that is from a spill (large) orfrom arunoff. For a larger volume (like from a hot tub) I'd suggest a sump pump
This will not serve that purpose. You are better off getting a small steam cleaner at wal mart or target. Sorry!
The filter bag number is: Shop-Vac 90671, Type H. I am not sure if that is what you were asking about or if you were asking about replacing the actual filter. I have never replaced it.
I have had mine on my Jeep Wrangler for over a year and use it on average once a month. Operates flawlessly. Never had a problem.
There was no mounting plate. My winch bumper had the hole pattern and it bolted right up...BTW..I was skeptical but this winch runs as good as the warn I have on my other truck
In my case, I'm sure the warranty is over. I've had this unit for 4 or 5 years. we use it to load 6-9 formula cars onto a 53' trailer, 6-8 times a year. Works great! The wire rope needs to be replaced this season though. It's much better than typical cable. Just not sure about the original warranty.
This unit has standard mounting holes. The dimensions of the actual winch are approx. 21L x 5.5W x 10.5H.
Winch, cable, fairhead, wiring harness, wired remote, wireless remore, hook tail, bolts and nuts, fairhead mounting plate
It should... the winch has a standard bolt pattern.
Mine is very clearly made in China. Works well, just a bit noisy. I don't recognize it as sold by anyone other then Recon.
My last order was in October 2013 and the expiration date on the Crest 3d White was JL15 (July2015).
Does toothpaste ever expire? As long as you don't swallow it, it shouldn't hurt you--and you shouldn't eat toothpaste, anyway.
its a universal fit. the winches fit all winch bumpers.
It fits a class a hitch pattern is standard
No, stock factory bumpers will not support a winch or the forces involved with a recovery operation. Depending on what you drive there may be options to keep your stock bumper and add in winch support frames/skeletons that will hold a winch and withstand the forces involved but keep a relatively looking stock bumper intact. I run one such system on my Jeep XJ. It's called the Detours USA Backbone bumper system. Do yourself a favor and buy an actual winch bumper or support. Even Wranglers require some kind of support plate to support a winch.
I have it bolted to a winch plate mount. The winch bolts to the bottom if the plate, and the fairlead bolts to the raised section of the mount. The cable runs thru the hole in the mount and thru the rollers. Search for a winch mount to see what it looks like. Hope this helped.
MUGS, No need for an in line use. Simply wire to a battery with a minimum of 650 cold cranking amps. Thank you!
The winch can be installed on any winch plate that has a 10 inch by 4.5 inch bolt pattern. Thank you!
Manufactured in China. Don't let that dissuade you from purchasing one. There parent company based in Georgia is second to none on service. I had a broken connection and they got a new one to me in two days. Also this winch will outpull all the other 8500's out there. It just doesn't quit, and doesn't even overheat. I love mine and I've dragged everyone out of the hole. I continue to get the coments, my (smittybilt, warn) would not have pulled me out of that.
Yes
Any grade 8 bolt will work. I don't have to worry about rust where I live but people up north rattle can with rustoleum. Hope that helps.
This container does not come with a lid.
10 7/8" at the top. It tapers to the bottom where it's about 8 ".
The container doesn't say the recycled content of this bin and we don't have the paperwork any longer. Information on the bottom of the container says the following: - Manufactured in USA for S.P. Richards Co., Atlanta, GA. - Model GJ057258 - The recycle triangle sign with LLDPE next to it. - Two clock like circles with a single clock arm in each. The first one has numbers 1-12 and the arrow points to 7. The second has the numbers 08, 09, 10, 11, 12, and 13. The arrow on this one points to 10. I think these two indicate the manufacture month (7) and year (2010).
The lid was sold as a separate item in the same category on Amazon when we got ours. We didn't need a lid but they were on sale. Cost about half what the barrel did.
Mine has both. Genuine Joe logo just above the circular recycle symbol.
I think a 13 gallon bag would fit (might be a little short), although I don't use a bag in it. Since it's for recycling, no bags allowed!
the base is 7"X16"... narrower than the 11"X19" top.
It is too short if you use 13 gallon, even 20something size is not reach bottom of trash can then it would be fall in can and mess up inside. I use 33 gallon size(33inx40in) clean trash bags for this product. It is actually 70% full when trash can looks full but I can tie up and pull it out easily. You could find this bags from restaurant depot or some wholesale store.
We have this can, and the bag DOES NOT show from the outside. You only see the bag of you look inside the can from the top.
Measures 35-1/2" high and 15" in diameter; has 15-gallon capacity
The previous answer is correct. The mounting plate is the key. Winch is excellent.
It's universal, you would need a mounting plate to fit your rig.
I have used it a number of times in my UTV with no problem. It really depends on the battery. If you use it as a typical winch it should be no problem.
Yes Superwinch makes a mounting kit for the mule. But if I where you I would go with the the Terra 35 or 45 due to the weight of the mule. I always double the weight of the vehicle to choose which winch I use.
It will basically fit any atv, the mounting brackets are what are specific to your machine. So typically you would need to buy winch mounting brackets for your Rancher, then the super winch will bolt up to those brackets. The bolt pattern of the winch is standard. The winch has worked well for us. Hope this helps!
yes it will just make sure you get the right mounting kit.
The winch cables are quite long about 4 feet I would guess they go to a relay then the battery so if you mount the relay infront of the battery they should work just fine. its a nice set up Duane from Yakima Wa
Either directly from Superwinch or you can get the model number from their site, type it into Amazon and get it from there. I did and it was 10.00 cheaper
yes it will as long as you get the mounting bracked for your hoanda. The winch does not come with the honda winch mount.
it is power in and out of couse it is slow must warn you though when you power out cable seems like it is easy to tangle cable and is slow it is so much easier to pull out cableto keep tension on it to keep from doing it
I believe it will I bought it for my 2013 Polaris sportsman850 with mount on it worked beautifully. word buy optional rubber black stop round bout 10 bucks or cable will retract to far and jam cable good luck hope I helped!
Yes, it should fit. I just installed one on my 2007 Suzuki King Quad 450. However, you will need to purchase the correct mounting plate to go with it.
Hi Mr. James- Amazon has what your looking for. The Part# BOO3F6BLZY shows a winch plate that works on the 800 razor. Hope this helps. Hope your winch project goes well like mine did on my Argo Bigfoot. Rick
I can't see any reason it couldn't be mounted to a pickup . I welded a mount on the front of my John Deere Gator .
Look at Warn, My winch has really disappointed me.
Hmmm, not sure, but from personal and professional experience several factors affect duty cycle. 1) a fully charged battery is a must. A low and or weak battery will burn up the motor quickly. 2) Load, if the motor is at or near stall the load is to great. Two-part the line to cut the load in half. I use mine to load dead mowers and ATVs onto a trailer. I would say under a light load where the winch is not struggling, several minutes (2-3) is all I would do. Feel the case, if its too hot to keep your hand on, stop and let it cool. Under a heavy load where the winch is near stall, I readjust the pull or two-part the line. I never pull near stall more than a few seconds at a time. So far my winch has been working great following these guide lines. I have several friends and customers who do not follow these tips and are always burning up motors, stretching line or breaking the cables. keep in mind this is a very basic and light duty winch, thus the low price.
You will need to get a mounting bracket that is built for you vehicle. The one with the winch is a generic plate and will not work with your unit. Google mounting plates for winches and you will be able to get one that is designed for your vehicle.
metal cable
The unit comes with a flat mounting plate which is bolted to the unit with the bolts provided and then the mounting plate can be bolted to a receiver mount or any acceptable flat surface.
yes you can.
I would say yes. If it struggles add a snatch block and double the pull strength . It is a great winch.
The solenoid is a switching relay that controls the direction of the winch.
That's what we use it for. We load our race car with it, no problem at all!
I am using a small 310 cca and works perfectly. Just need to recharge after every 2 uses or so. It pulls a nascar up and down a ramp.
Yes, wired.Wireless remote you have to buy separately.
With the proper winch mount, you can. Most mounts are pretty universal, and are easy to put the winch on. Sometimes, you may have to some minor modifications.
Its too big. Had a hard time getting it to fit on my kubota rtv. Get smaller unit. Winch works great though. Matt
It should fit fine as long as you have the right mounting bracket. Most of the winches are of comparable size.
KFI makes a winch mount for a 2001 rubicon. Google search.
No, this is a standard height winch. While it is not exceptionally tall, it is not exceptionally small either!Now, due to the way this winch is made, it is possible to mount the solenid box off of the winch, and that makes it a very low profile winch. The only issue you would run into with this scenario, other than finding a place for the controls, is possibly extending the wires. They are just long enough to reach the motor from the top of the winch, so you may have to 'extend' those to mount it remotely.
1 year......if we can help you anymore, just let us know
Good Morning Yes......We do carry the receiver hitch plates @ $69.00 shipped, if we can help you anymore, just give us a call @ 800-309-5190
Good Morning! Sorry.....We only ship to the lower U.S. 48
I ran mine on a standard 12 volt truck battery. Worked just fine.
This listing is for the WWW however does show the stock picture of the standard REC.
none
Yes, works fine.
Mine came as a bc124
1. it is 125v and stores power and presents a shock hazard even with the power disconnected. 2. follow the advice of your electrician or appliance repairman. 3. verify specifications such as at digikey or grainger, to see if it probably will fit your needs. 4. technically that would depend on your circuit's application. 5. look up he original schematic and any subsequent service bulletin updates to see if the manufacturer later changed this part. 6. did someone before you swap out the part for the different one in your device?
No.
Sorry, it's 25 mil thick.
NO and the blue side sticks out like a sore thumb
I only used it for permanent uses but I think it would work for your problem
spray paint laquer holds on blueskin
Yes
I really don't know.
Possibly, as quite waterproof.
No use a tar roof patch product from Home depot.
Probably not. I would think it would just pull the asphalt pebbles off the shingles.
Should work but would look awful as it is blue in color.
It does have a disposable bag and filter. You do not need the bag at all but the filter is a must. You can buy the bags for it at most hardware stores or on amazon for fairly cheap.
Yes it does as the others have answered but I've never had occasion to use it as I pick up only dry material. The one thing I wish they would have done was made a handle on top so you can pick up the vac with one hand, you have to use both hands. I made a handle on top out of nylon webbing and sheetrock screws but I it would have been nicer if it had come that way.
The cord comes out of the top by on/off switch and wraps around a piece that is on back side of vacuum in picture. That piece has holes in it for some of the attachments. hope this helps,
We found that only a couple of the attachments fit in the holder, we have put the others in a box. That was my husbands solution.
Hank, Sorry. I have never used a 25cc gas blower. The blower on the 6.5 hp vac does seem to do a good job, very adequate for blowing leaves or other household needs. I have not run into anything yet that this vac can't handle. My only complaint since I bought the 6.5 hp vac is that you can't carry it and use it due to the bulky size and the canister clips not being designed for this as well as the accessory storage panel could be a little better. These are minor things due to the extra long hoses and the fact that the storage is optional to use and adequate enough for the most part. I would definitely purchase this again, without hesitation. I hope this helps.
Shop-Vac 9067200 10-14-Gallon High Efficiency Disposable Collection Filter Bag, 2-Pack, or any Shop Vac 10-14 gallon bag that has the correct intake.
Yes, this vac will pick up almost anything.
it's a good idea to buy the HEPA filter regardless of how you plan to use the vac. the upgraded filters are very easy to wash off so they last a long time.
Highly, To be honest with you, it is hard to say since I can not see the nest or where it is at. I can tell you this, I have used the 6.5 HP shop vac to clean outside my basement windows (twigs, spider webs, leaves) as well as to clean my wood burning pellet stove (very fine wood ash) and it has done a wonderful job. It comes with plenty of attachments and a very large diameter hose that can easily handle most normal leaves. The suction power is also very good. I can't say that it will handle what you want it to, but I think that if you have at least 2 1/2 to 3 inches of access between the boulders that with the hose and attachments it should be able to get the job done. The vac also comes with a curved attachment so you may be able to gain access from above using that. My only concern would be what kind of nest and how big the "twigs" and "wood" are. A normal birds nest should not be an issue, even if you have to break it up a little with the attachments or a stick before using the vac. I hope this helps.
Haven't tried it but I don't see why not. I've picked up broken glass with it and it works just fine.
1440 watts is only 1.9hp. I would say it draws more than 12 amps with normal use.
i am using this vacuum as part of a dust collection system. the unit draws air from a table saw, through various lengths of hose and a cyclonic collector. i also have a fine particle bag filter installed. even after all those restrictions, the suction is excellent.
I would think not. It is a vacuum or a blower not both at the same time.
12 Amp
Yes, it does.
husband used it with his orbital sander, worked fine. jd
I believe it was rated at 300 lbs.
Yes, it swivels a full 360* and it is actually better than the original I replaced. The ball bearings are bigger so it supports more weight and is more durable.
I do not see why not, however realize that if it is going to get wet often it does stand a good chance of rusting.
I purchased these about 4 years ago. Not sure what you want to use them for, but great for a heavy swivel stool or chair. We have used them for several years.
Hello, it is 7" x 7" square. Leo
I replaced a 1975 purchased Lazyboy swivel rock & it worked like a charm.
It is, as stated, 5mm, which equals 0.19685 in., or in fractions, closest would be 13/64".
Hi Angela, Using primitive measuring (a ruler and squinted eyes), it looks like the chrome piece that is inserted into the hole is approx. 5/16". The plastic "platform" is 3/8". Hope that helps... Wayne
They have 5mm stems as stated in the description. So use 5mm drill bit
The bracket is 1.5 inches wide.
1 1/2"...please be warned, shouldn't be used for heavy duty application.
I'm not sure but they are currently attached to my jet table saw and are doing fine.
In nearly every DYI project I undertake I always order just a bit extra just in case. If you cut it short the tiny bit you save by having everything come out perfectly isn't worth it to me.
I'm not very mechanical, but I'm assuming you're talking about the part that is attached to the round plug. It's about 1/2 in. The bracket under the shelf is about 3/4 in. I hope that helps.
More than likely the IKEA pin is meteric and a little smaller than this pin which 1/4 inch.
From the information I could find on the ikea shelf pins they are 3mm so these would not work.
100lb if you install it perfectly .but you have to consider strength of material you installing to, and and how tight shelves will be installed
11/32" lg.
They take a 1/4" hole.
These shelf supports are just that , supports, I would think any shelf unless it's too heavy, would be just fine. Fit has nothing to do with it, all thy do is support the shelf which sits on them.
There is a selection switch inside the unit.
You need to buy the scents as well. I have not been happy with this product. The batteries do not last long.
NO! It is not included and I am having a hard time finding one that fits.
Hardly any
Back panel, lower left corner. Mine has a big "Thermal Reset" tag to the right of the reset.
well I've never tried salt but it picks up kitty litter. It doesn't do well on floors, only carpet. On floors, the beater brush goes so fast that it kicks the dirt out the back. I bought the attachments so I can vacuum my floors. I love this vacuum. It picks up kitty hair too.
None, but there are attachments that can be purchased separately. I purchased mine from a local vacuum dealer. I took the vacuum in and asked what could be done. Many attachments fit multiple models and brands. Still in love with my vacuum.
Our other vac is a Kirby, and this Carpet Pro by far lighter and easier to manage. Maybe 15 lbs compared to the Kirby (about 30-40?).
That information is on the amazon page for the product --40 feet.
It is a 14" path.
2 hooks
No it's quite heavy.
The manual doesn't say and there is no designation on the vacuum so I would say probably not. It is, however, a great vacuum. We vacuum a three-story church every week plus after special events and it works so well and is very easy to handle. I have had the "home version" of this machine for over 15 years and am still very happy with it's performance.
I've used several and haven't had any leaks.
No.
Glass and work great!
yes
Yup all glass.. But the top and insert is plastic
Fully assembled with caps on, they are 3.25" tall.
12
I'm sorry.. I don't know.
A .089 size drill bit fits snugly through the hole.
I use a vise grip adjusted to where you like it.
There were 50 cable loos in the package I purchased. However I would imagine it would depend on size. I purchased the ones for 3/16 cable.
...you will have to make some changes....it is worth the effort...Ritch De Russo
I used this one to replace a leaking valve. I am not sure what the model was, but the valve was installed when the house was new in 1999. Everything lined up and there were no leaks.
I think it has both?
it's stock card material, and yes you do fold them. i love it, i make personalized cards for my family all the time!!!
No, I'm sorry we don't.
Thank you for inquiring. We do not have this item that does not fold.
I have printed on these cards using word 2010. First you have to remember that if you want to print only on one-half, you have to make adjustments as to where the print is. I measured where I wanted to print, adjusted the word doc to the same measurement and printed it out on a piece of paper first. Held it up to the light and the card to make sure it was where I wanted it. Then you can adjust your text from there. Hope this helps!
Yes the cards are 5 x 7 inches. I use them all the time to make cards with my artwork on them. No reproductions. All original.
According to the ones on sale at eBay it is 640GB
fix the computer and is running well it was a good decision that I made thank you
It is an enclosed drive, a drive like this would not work
no
Yes
No, it requires a cable hookup.
Yes it did but not the right remote. No matter It is illegal to buy this unit with read seal on bottom and Comcast will not activate unit.
No it will not.
sorry I have no idea. I have a remote, but not sure how it works
I am not too sure. I had one of the motorola DCT700 that I ordered for my cable company, but it was for comcast only so I resold it. I am sorry I wish I could be of better assistance.
No
It did not work for my comcast cable. I am planning to take it to comcast and see if they can make it work.
No it does not.
I have never tried to run this on a pi but it should work. It will be a little tricky and might need to do some research. Here is a link where it's been made to work. http://www.neighborgeek.net/2013/02/using-16x2-lcd-with-i2c-on-raspberry-pi.html
I think you can find instructions here: https://www.hacktronics.com/Tutorials/arduino-character-lcd-tutorial.html
I believe they are about 1/8". But just to let you know the display does not come with instructions or wiring diagrams. I was very unhappy with it, it took a lot of research to find out how it hooked up. I would find a different maker if I were you.
Yes this will work with pi or any Arduino. Any LCD display will work, you just need to find out the chip the display uses and get the correct software for that chip. Try Adafruit.com or the pi main homepage. Google goes a long way.
The actual product may or may not include the I2C interface depending on which seller you buy from. SainSmart LCDs (sold by Sain Store) likely include the I2C interface. I purchased from Tosell888 which did not include the I2C but some of their pictures showed the I2C interface and other pictures did not. Bottom line: I would ask the seller before buying to make sure which one you are getting. I was surprised that some comments indicate people are irritated when they received the product that has the I2C interface but I later realized that the IC2 interface on the Arduino shares the pins with ADC 5 and 6 and others needed those for ADC functions.
You probably have something that looks like this http://www.arduinoecia.com.br/2014_06_01_archive.html Look at pictures, and only translate if you need. Without the I2C board the number of pins is much larger, something like this: http://arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/LiquidCrystal Most all these devices are at some level based on the hitachi HD44780, so everything is similar, you may have bought this by accident also available on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/HD44780-20x4-White-Text-Background/dp/B005YTAHAU I've used both on PIC processors and the Arduino with and without the I2C back board. The pinouts for your particular board could vary so find the ID number. This is time consuming but not terribly hard for most occasions. Lots and lots of data on the web. For the I2C sainsmart, search on sainsmart 2004 or 20x4 or on the but the pinouts can differ so you must ID the source. Here is a typical example display, with pinouts http://www.hwkitchen.com/products/lcd-display-4x20-characters/ or this tutorial: http://arduino-info.wikispaces.com/LCD-Blue-I2C The Sainsmart board includes a 4 pin header and a two pin header on a separate I2C board on the backside of the display, looks like this http://4tronix.co.uk/arduino/I2C_LCD_Module.php. The two pin connection must be jumpered to provide backlighting. The 4 pin connector has two pins for 5V power coming from the Arduino, and two data transmission pins. Hope that helps. I had a horrible time editing this note, cut and paste nightmare, no idea why. good luck!!
You can google I2C scanner for some code to get the address. Here's a snippit of code I use: #include &lt;Wire.h&gt; // Comes with Arduino IDE #include &lt;LiquidCrystal_I2C.h&gt; LiquidCrystal_I2C lcd(0x27, 2, 1, 0, 4, 5, 6, 7, 3, POSITIVE); void setup(void) { Serial.begin(115200); buff.reserve(1024); observationtime.reserve(40); lcd.begin(20,4); // initialize the lcd for 20 chars 4 lines, turn on backlight lcd.backlight(); } void loop(void) { lcd.setCursor(19, 3); lcd.print(buff[buffCtr]); for (int i = 0; i &lt; 19 ; i++){ lcd.setCursor(i, 3); lcd.print(buff[buffCtr - 19 + i]); } buffCtr++; if (buffCtr + 1 &gt; buff.length()){ buffCtr = 19; } delay(500); getTime(); if (prevSec != mYsecond) { prevSec = mYsecond; lcd.setCursor(5, 1); int tempHr = hour(); if (tempHr == 0) { tempHr = 12; } if (tempHr &gt; 12) { tempHr = tempHr - 12; lcd.print(" "); } lcd.print(tempHr); lcd.print(":"); int tempMin = minute(); if (tempMin &lt; 10) { lcd.print("0"); } lcd.print(tempMin); lcd.print(":"); int tempSec = second(); if (tempSec &lt; 10) { lcd.print("0"); } lcd.print(tempSec); }
Yes, it is very bright.
They are the four leads to the Arduino I2C pins and power.
Anything longer than 20 chars will wrap to next line. You can use the "setCursor" function to start on new line. If you want to rewrite over existing text use the "clear" function first before writing new text.
Totally. Ours are used outdoors to block off a certain walk way. However I wouldn't leave them out in the rain.
6 feet 10 inches
Yes, it comes with 2 posts. Crowd Control Center
Two posts and two belts
Yes, the poles look identical except one has the belt attached. Both poles have spots to connect the belt to.
It attaches to the other end of the stanchion.
I believe so. Either that or a really good spray paint job. We use several of them at our bar.. They hold up very well for the price
It is metal
No. Just one.
The belt we use is 4 feet but I understand you can get longer lengths. We only needed four feet.
I believe it says 60/50 Hz.
It about 2.75 tall and an inch in diameter.
The capacitor is a non-polarized electrolytic and therefore it doesn't matter which side the leads go to. Just keep the same wires together as they were on the one that was replaced.
It depends on the existing start capacitor rating on the garage door opener. If the voltage, MFD rating and dimensions are the same then it should work.
it fits the AO Smith c frame motor that runs the Hayward Super Ii pump
This is just the operator and does not include the valve. If the value is ok and just the operator has failed, then no need to drain the system. Just swap the wires one for one with the old operator, unscrew the old operator from the valve. And install the new operator and adjust so the pointer is over the red dot, the included instructions provides greater detail on this step.
Sorry, I can not answer this question. I would contact a heating specialist.
Not sure what would cause this problem. I would contact a heating company with experience with these units.
Yep. Make sure you use enough. A good few layers should do the trick.
I received what was pictured and since I can't see what you received it's hard to tell what it is. However, if you received something other than what's described/shown contact Amazon for a return/refund and purchase something else. If you're at all uncomfortable using it then I'd buy something else. Amazon will likely just give you a refund and tell you to do whatever you want with the item you received.
Yes this is Teflon tape
Typically PTFE white tape is safe for drinking water systems. It becomes unstable at very high temperatures which are not seen in a water system (above 260.) You can review the MSDS on www.dixonvalve.com. Hope that helps.
To the best of my knowledge this accessory only opertates at 110 volts. That is the current my refrigerators uses and the ice maker functions well.
Did not work win me GE refrigerator mounting holes were way off returned product.
This didnt work for me. I had to return it. I thought it was the correct part but it wasn't.
No, the bandage is strictly a bandage. You will need to carry a separate antihemorrhagic agent. I would avoid any of the powdered antihemorrhagic agents period. In high winds (or helicopter operations) the granules can blow into the eyes of the patient or rescuer, causing serious eye injury. Go with a antihemorrhagic gauze. The agent is held captive in the gauze and is a lot easier to pack into the wound. I like QuikClot Combat Gauze. It is not cheap, but has been to war and performed very well. I keep two per kit. Hope this helps..
Yes. even of you damage the outer vac-u-sealed pouch the inner wrapper protects it. If you are going to devote the space of a 6" in your bag, go with the 6" that has the additional "mobile" pad built in. The extra pad allows you to manage a "major blow out", perforating (thru and thru) extremity (gunshot) wound with just the one bandage. If you do not need the second pad to manage an exit wound, you can just use the bandage as you would the single pad 6". It only takes up about 20% more room in a kit vs the single pad version. Not sure if Amazon has them, but look at http://www.israelibandages.com/6-israeli-bandage-with-pressure-bar-and-second-mobile-pad/ if you can't find them.... Hope this helps..
I was curious and sent an email asking this question to info@ps-med.com and got the following response: The sterile date is the date the product was sterilized. After the expiration date printed on the package, we can't guarantee the product will be 100% sterile.
Should be fine in the trunk. The dressing comes in a sealed, air-evacuated, robust, flexible plastic package. The Israelis design and build for adverse conditions. I've traveled to/lived in Israel, Bahrain, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia. I wouldn't think twice about letting the package be out in the ambient heat.
Means its still vacuum sealed = sterile bandage
The size of the bandage really only depends on the wound. I've never planned to have any certain size or kind of injury, but it would be safer to have both, just in case. The six inch can be a little bit too big for the average medical kit when added to the assortment of other bandages, ointments, adhesive tapes, splints, painkillers and so on, but even more so if you have more than one of these bandages. The good news is, that regardless of size, they are sterilized and vacuum sealed to take up the least amount of space possible. I personally like the 4" more just for the simple fact it is easier to work with regarding pad and strap manipulation when applying the bandage. Also, if you ever have an instance where this dressing needs to be used as a tourniquet, the shorter width pad gives you precious seconds more to tighten down not only the pressure because your working with less surface area, but also with the length of the straps. The 6" pad takes longer to work as a pressure dressing or tourniquet and the straps are very, very long. The straps on the 4" are already long enough for any injury that they might be used for. And remember, If the vacuum seal is broken and you can squish the bag in your hands easily or even hear crinkling noises when handled, the item should be returned and you should get your money back, because the seal has been compromised and the package is no longer sterile, therefore it should never be used unless for tourniquet purposes only and there are no other sterile means of helping the injured individual right away.
Yes
These battle dressings are made in Israel.
This Israel Trauma wound dressing is a 6" wide bandage designed to wrap around a limb or open would to help stop a Hemorrhage by controlling the wound. Shelf life is 8 years. Hopefully I will never have a need to use it...
I would say it does not, but this is something you would use in a life and death situation and you're least worries at that time should be a rash. grab a few and hopefully you'll never need them.
I swept/vacuumed well...then I cleaned it with vinegar and water...then I put the pets outside and applied the Pro Shot with a soft cloth going with the grain of the wood (this was done on wood floors, not tile, so all I know about is wood) being sure I could see that I over-lapped and covered ever where as when your done it will be dramatically different and if you miss spots you'll see the difference. I left the animals outside for a few hours but that long is probably not necessary. It dries pretty fast but I didn't want to take any chances of hair getting "sealed in" or paw marks. Hope that is helpful - SMD
Yes it is, I love this product
No, it doesn't say on the bottle how much it will cover. I did a 10 by 12 room with two coats and use 32 oz. my wood floor hadn't been refinished in at least 15 years. A newer floor may have only needed one coat.
I love the way my floors look after applying pro-shot. I usually move some of my furniture- like chairs and the floors still look great.
No, I didn't.
I don't know what the chemicals are. But the smell is not strong at all. Didn't have to open the windows at all. Hope this helps
I love this product, does amazing cover up job with all of the old wood floors in this house. I purchased it last February 2013 and just now re-applying in the most trafficked areas.
Use a clean sponge mop. Drag across with light pressure. Can buy at Dollar Tree for a $.
It took my floors less than 30 minutes to dry. I would think humidity might play a part if it takes longer.
I use a steam cleaner, but found that it is not appropriate for my wood floors. Use it on ceramic or tile, but for wood you only need to damp mop after using this product.
I use this to hold a 50-gallon water drum which is 24 inches in diameter, with about a quarter inch space between the dolly and the water drum. So I would say that it will hold anything that is 24-inches in diameter.
It's steel frame construction, I use a 100lb drum with this and it has held up fine and easy to roll I am guessing the material they mention is for the wheels
It says in the Specifications section 1000lbs.
I'm not sure what the inner diameter is. But the 55 gallon water drum fits perfectly. I purchased the water drum from Costco. And the water drum brand is nutristore. I hope this helps.
The wheels do not lock
No. The wheels that come w/ this do not lock in place. I'm sure Wagner does have locking wheel that will bare the weight but that will probably cost more than the dolly itself. You can always make or shape something, depending on floor surface, that will do just as well if provided you only need it for 55 gallon water barrel.
No they cannot. They are all swivel castors without locks. But have a universal bolt pattern and can be replaced with lockable casters
The outer band itself is 2.5" tall. The the entire unit with wheels installed measures 6.5" high off the ground.
Exact inside diameter is about 23.5" u may b able to stretch them but they are pretty sturdy. I doubt it will fit
The wheels are nylon but very hard. I couldn't guess the melting point but you may contact ER Wagner and see what they say. I wouldn't be afraid to give it a try though.
Once opened L-asorbic powder loses around 2% of its strength in a 6-8 month period. Although it still remains effective.
Continue to shake and swirl and it will eventually dissolve. Remember to discard on e it starts to turn yellow.
99% Minimum specification with a typical analysis of about 99.8% in purity. The COA can be found on the distributor's website here: http://www.dudadiesel.com/msds/ascorbicCOA.pdf
The specifications of this ascorbic acid is to contain no more than 10 ppm of heavy metals. This falls within the scope of FDA standards for USP grade and is a very small amount. Mercury is not tested for in the analysis but I have no reason to believe that there would be any mercury in the ascorbic acid at all. The majority of the heavy metals is actually copper. For specifics, check the Duda Energy main website and find the current COA on ascorbic acid.
Manufactured in China by a 20+ year standing Pharmaceutical company (One of the top 3 in China) and repackaged in the USA.
This question must be answered carefully as people often mis-understand what the word "Natural" means. Naturally fermented means that traditional enzymes or organisms were used to ferment the corn and precipitate out the ascorbic acid. This is considered natural in the market. However, many sources of information on the internet claim that this is "not natural" because it is not derived from a common source of Vitamin C fruit like an orange. (Corn is a fruit by the way). Synthetic Vitamin C would be Vitamin C produced in a lab by mixing chemicals together to produce the chemical chain that makes up Ascorbic Acid/Vitamin C. This is not considered Natural and is typically designated as D-Ascorbic Acid as opposed to L-Ascorbic Acid.
Depends on how much you wish to take. Many take 1,000 mg, that is, one gram, once or multiple times per day. A very level 1/4 teaspoon is about 1100 to 1200 grams, usually. I try to take 3 grams per day. Many people who take vitamin C for illness or maximum health increase their dose until they get diarrhea, then they back off just a bit from that.
Water solutions of ascorbic acid oxidize easily, so they should be made up fresh. Solid crystals have a good shelf life, if kept perfectly dry in light resistant containers. The dry crystals should be good for years.
From China
im not getting paid for this. ask the seller. CHINA
Baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) does not contain aluminum. It is baking POWDER you have to check for aluminum.
Good Question. Unfortunately I do not know the answer.
No
This is what we use to change the ph on our swimming pool and is the same as baking soda and I don't think it is tested on animals
YES
Yes it will but you will have to purchase the mounting plate for your Kodiak
I purchased this winch for a customer so I'm not hundred percent certain but I do believe it does have cable break.
If there is a 3000lb winch available for your machine from Honda, the aftermarket Smitty will fit and work. The winch will work on anything with a 12V DC electrical system. If there is a winch mounting plate available for your machine, it will fit
Yes, i would recomend purchasing a super winch mounting plate for your exact model and do not use the one that came in the box...its a universal one that you mau have to drill holes in....
yes it does.
Absolutely, you will need toget the correct mounting plate from the aftermarket or directly from polaris mounting and wiring is pretty basic stuff..allow yourself 4-5 hours to complete factory caliber install depending on ability. Winch works great...quiet...mmd
I have had several "bagless" vacuums recently and I find that the receptacles fill up far too quickly, and they seem not to have the suction that this one does. This is a superior vacuum if you have pet hair on your rugs.
Maybe you could stretch it that far if you really worked at it. But really, functionally, it's a little over half that. I can put the vacuum at one end of the couch and use the hose on the other end. That's about it.
Requiring minimal maintenance, the WindTunnel Pet Bagged Upright has a bag made with Activated Carbon HEPA media that helps reduce pet odors and utilizes the Clean Drop Bag System, which lets you dispose of a full bag without ever touching it! And with a little practice, you can teach your dog to clean up after himself while you are at work. Unfortunately, he cases the cats and sucks them up too. Works great.
The rear, primary wheels are plastic hubs with a rubbery tread. There is a front set of wheels that set the height of the beater, and they are plastic. If marking is a concern, we have not noticed any marking or scratching on wood or vinyl floors. If durability is a concern, the rear wheels seem quite sturdy. On a previous Hoover Wind Tunnel vac, we broke the front wheel assembly and I easily and cheaply replaced it. On this vac, it looks more sturdy, so maybe there was a design improvement.
I have hardwood floors with area rugs. It works ok on the floors but the only con about the machine is no floor attachment to really hug the floor. I still wouldnt trade it for any other machine. It really picks up pet hair well. I use the plastic wand pieces to get along the edges of my floors.
my stairs are hardwood, I use the wand
It has good suction. My original comment was unfavorable. The fault was mine. I did not have the bag installed correctly. The sweeper is very much up to Hoover standards!
uses type " y " bags & I purchase whatever is cheap, as I change frequently
I think only from detaching the hose. It doesn't accumulate there. I will warn you this vacuum is not well made. It does have a 2 year warranty. We made use of it when the entire bottom housing broke. Fixed now and it squeals. I suggest spending more for a better model. So did the vacuum repair guy.
Susan, While I have not experienced this myself, I have learned that cords will get hot when the appliance you are plugging in are not receiving the amount of voltage necessary. This could be from the circuit where you normally plug your sweeper in, or from the sweeper itself. If the cord is becoming hot no matter where you plug it in, depending on how old it is and if its still under warranty, I would take it to a Hoover certified repair shop. They can make sure its not the motor or a simple replacement of a resister, capacitor, etc. Especially if it gets hot no matter where in the house you plug it in and this doesn't occur with other appliances. If everything check out, then I would have an electrician check your fuse or circuit breaker box and make sure the line has not deteriorated and needs more wattage. The line should be pushing a minimum of 120V. If it's not, you may also have too many appliances relying on that one circuit. Normally, this would throw a breaker, however, I'm not an electrician but these are the steps I would take to solve the problem. Good luck!
Inside dimensions are 29 1/4" X 15 1/2".
Before I purchased the Olympia cart I scanned several customer reviews and the majority mentioned the inclusion of no instructions. The response to the problem was, from most, to spend some time looking at all the parts and mentally figure out how the cart should go together, keeping very close tabs on the nuts and bolts during the assembly process because there are no extras provided. I followed this advice and was able to construct the cart with no difficulty. I have a couple of suggestions that might help. First, attach the four support columns to the bottom tray but save attaching the wheels for the LAST segment of the assembly process. (The wheel assemblies use the large bolts and nuts so you'll want to set those aside.) Second, all the smaller bolts, nuts and washers go to assembling the frame (trays and supports). I found it very important to leave the bolts and nuts fairly loose during initial assembly because once the bottom and top trays are attached via the support columns, you'll need to spend time aligning the two so that they are square. This requires that you wait to tighten down the bolts until you go through the alignment process. I found this to be time consuming but necessary. Finally, once the frame is constructed and firmly squared up, attach the wheels. The lack of instructions is a hindrance but you can pretty much figure out how the pieces fit just by carefully eyeballing the parts. It is a very good cart for the money and I'm quite happy with it. I use the cart in my pottery studio to transport pots from inside out to the gas kiln for firing.
I have to admit that I cannot understand completely the reason behind this. After reading through the information again, I have to assume it must be something with the paint. The finish on this cart seems to be a good quality paint with a nice film strength. Of course it is impossible to determine the exact makeup of the paint without significant testing. While it MAY contain some quantity of lead in the paint (or possibly another chemical..??), I personally would not be concerned unless I intended to use the cart as a direct food-contact surface. Sorry, that's all the information I have. It MIGHT be possible to contact the manufacturer (or supplier..) directly. Perhaps they could offer some additional insight.
More of a red color.
wheels are all rubber and 2 rotate
I don't think it would have a problem holding it but I wouldn't go any heavier. I've actually flipped the top on mine to hold some machinery.
You won't want to put something that large and heavy on the top of this cart. It's plenty strong but it would be too top heavy. Anything large or heavy needs to go on the bottom shelf. I don't think you could get it inside the bottom shelf though because of the size of that welder. There is about 19 inches clear between the top and bottom shelves. If you can tip it in a way to get it over the lip of the bottom shelf, then you have a little over 22 inches of height available to use between the shelves. The inside width of the shelves is a little more than 15 inches. I don't know what that welder weighs, but I wouldn't put it on the top shelf...just too top heavy.
I could, so I guess you could, nothing appears to stop it from happening, You will not need any additional bolt, washers or nut, looks like they are 1/4" standard. Jack
It measures 15-1/2" x 29-1/8"
No
I not sure, I bought the bag and cart for my daughter who is a school teacher and she loves it...
Yes it does have a cover it fits snugly over-the-top
It depends on what size the sewing machine is. If you can measured your sewing machine I will see if it will fit
Yes, you can buy just the rolling unit itself. My daughter has one, but I don't know where she got it. Possibly check with the Container Store, Home Depot, or Ikea. I use the unit with cover as a tool case. It's great with all the pockets, and for my apartment, I don't have to lug a big box out of the closet, just roll it out and I'm set. Hope this helps.
NO, I Hull pretty heavy stuff the and the roller broke like 2nd month i owned it. the organizer is very cool and usable and I can reuse it with other carts that I can purchase from office depot. Usually those carts don't last too long, they break easy if you carry heavy stuff like books.
Not a hard lid- the canvas pocket bag has a cover that pulls across the top. It doesn't zip close, jus rests on it with a lip.
Looks like about 39 inches from the top of the handle to the floor.
No, there is no assembly required. Cart simply unfolds, but the attached bottom plastic flooring needs a little help.
Yes, my husband is 6 feet tall and is being very comfortable for him also. For the price it is a good buy, It has been very helpful for me, I will say it is not the strongest cart but it is working great.
you might be able to prop it up on its bigger rear wheels and bump it up the stairs behind you. i have done this at my mom's apartment (i have a ground floor one but she has a 2nd story one), up 2 smaller flights of stairs. if you can keep a good balance and manage that initial big "PULL!!!" then it should be manageable the rest of the way, if a little bumpy.
I weigh 125 pounds and would not be able to sit on it without the sides buckling. Nor would I be able to stand inside if it without the bottom giving out.
I think you would be better off with one of those metal ones that has bigger wheels. This particular one has small wheels and probably would not handle the stairs that well.
Probably not. It is a hard plastic bottom that I craked with some heavy groceries. If the books are not super heavy you might be ok.
It took me a while to figure it out but they lock the sides in place. Push them down over the sides where the hinges are.
Maybe. I thought I would use it to pull groceries into my apartment building, but I use a walker and found it awkward to push the walker with one hand while pulling the cart. Suggest borrowing a cart first and experimenting with the cane and cart. Putting the laundry in a dufflle might be less awkward.
I've filled my cart with groceries and rolled it along 3 or so blocks along brick, sidewalk, and cobblestone. I've only rolled it on 2 wheels rather than 4 (because the groceries were heavy) but it managed just fine through ice, a thin layer of snow and salt. I haven't tried it on rougher terrain i.e. Thick snow, but I think it's great!
Measuring from side to side on the top of the neck, it's 10/16". Hope this helps.
No, they are a bit more basic than that. Just an open topped bottle once the cap is removed.
I used like a 2x3 in label
I did not, though some recipes for vanilla, which is what I used them for, said to sterilize. I would imagine just putting them in boiling water for a short period of time would do the trick-minus the plastic lids. I would not know how the sterilize the lids.
Extremely strong glass. Very thick. I would think if you left room for some expansion of frozen liquid, they should be fine. I have not tried freezing anything in them. This is only my opinion based on how sturdy they are.
I know what an orifice is but I have never heard of a bottle having an orifice reducer. I assume you mean some means to make the opening of the bottle smaller. If that is the case then, no.
yes my dad puts like vinegar in them.
Unsure Mike; I'm using them for habanero sauce with a vinegar base--probably as acidic as acetone. I thought the seller was responsive when I had questions. I'd reach out to them.
36mm x 23mm (72mm circumference)
I use these to share scotch whiskey with friends. So far no leaks and ive reused them a few times. I wouldn't dish wash the caps though. That might make them leak.
Yes it does
HI there, I have not used the B&D rtx so you need to be aware of the the thread configuration between the Kawasaki and the B&D rtx pay attention to the shaft fit for the collet nut. There is a flexable shaft for the rtx for about 38.00 dollars that is built for that tool so you can't go wrong I think the part number for that shaft is RT 5100. Good luck and happy carving.
Yes
I can use a 1/16, 3/32 and 1/8 collets in mine.
No
I have no idea, I'm using it in the Black & Decker rotary tool
I wish I knew, first day using my new Kawasaki and it stopped working.
Not sure, not familiar with Drillmaster.
I don't believe you do. Simply remove the end cap and screw the flexible shaft to that.
no
It is a very strong adhesive and it dries in about 10 seconds. The only problem with it is, it is watery and because of its runny nature, once it is spilled on unwanted areas, wiping is not an option, even if it is done immediately. It leaves a mark.
I use this in my salt water fish tank. I made a overflow box and a in tank refugium
It does dry clear. As for bonding plastic hinges to glass, I would say no. This is a solvent cement, similar to what you use to join PVC pipe. It is designed to dissolve the surface of some types of plastic so the pieces being joined have a weld-like bond when they harden. In your case, the glass would not dissolve. I think the results would be poor, with no strength to the joint. I would try a cyanoacrylate-based product (Super glue) instead.
For sensitive acrylic projects, yes. Just the screw-on applicator tip would be fine. For most projects, just squeezing a liberal amount onto a visible seam/crack is all that is required. I have tips just in-case, but I've never needed them. Good luck!
Hello, Polyethylene does not glue well - nothing really sticks to it. Your best bet would to be mechanically fasten instead, which has been our shop's solution to this. Or if you're up for a challenge you could do some more research and see if any of the many DIYers out there have some suggestions. Best of luck! Kind regards, Krista Plastic-Craft Products
Never used it for that. Used it on plexiglass only and it works great for that.
it will peel right off of steel no stick I have tryed
You can squeeze it out by hands but I would suggest an applicator tip to be more precise!!
I believe it will. I glued clear acrylic panels together with it. I kind of melts or welds two pieces of acrylic into one piece. Hope this helps.
yes, but there might be stress issues that are causing it to crack, so it might crack again
Yes it does but if you are buying this kit for work it will come uncalibrated
Yes, it is
Yes it is
I like mine. Use the stethoscope at work in the hospital and have the cuff at home for use with another stethoscope
Yes both should fit in the case.
Yes this stethoscope is dual with bell and diaphragm. It also comes with extra covers for both.
The one package that I found said Oct. 2016. The life of this product is going to depend upon a couple of things, are you practicing with it, or is it being stored in a hot car? It's rubber, so keep that in mind. Take care in which environment you are planning on using this tourniquet, urban verses rural. And if it is outdoors, then desert verses a more moderate climate. I could see dragging someone through the desert with one of these one to be pretty troublesome. Once a hole gets torn into it (thorns/rocks), the tourniquet is liable to fail. This thing is pretty great when it comes to pressure dressings after stuffing a wound.
It takes a bit of practice in order to apply one handed, but it can be done. You basically have to trap one side under your arm for example then pull and wrap around to tighten it down. As you wrap it around each time the rubbery material clings to itself.
Not terribly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhrbcuKuwdQ
4" wide by 4' long
Depends. Taken out of the wrapper and rewound tightly, around 3 x 1. Still inside the wrapper, 3 x 2.
The handle is nice and long. I've never been bumped by it (I'm 5'6). As my review stated, the handle broke after a few months, but the company has since replaced it free of charge. The new one works great so far.
Look at Product detail information: Technical Details . Part Number 1001-ET Item Weight 8 pounds Product Dimensions 15 x 17 x 18 inches Color Black Special Features Internal Dimensions: 15.5" W x 12.5" D x 14" H, Wheels, Portable
No, it does not, but you could fit a rack in there. Interior is 12.5" by 15.5"
The sides are attached and upon unfolding there are 2 bars one for each side you place on the top to keep them standing. They are great!
Yes
I have carried over 60 pounds in it
It is 39" from the floor to top of handle.
Hi-no, the box is attached to the handle/handle part. I hope this helps!
Some hard plastic of some type.
Yes
They are between 1.25 and 1.5.
Don't know, have only used them in the yard.
Yes I believe so. I put mine on standard scaffolding.
Yes, this will work it is 6.875 diameter.
It is a hard plastic material.
I bought 4 of them for 6" state card bollards that were in need of paint. I dropped these o er them and the night need to paint. They fit loose and if wiggled there would at least 1/2"-1" of slop between. Buy one prime and check it out.
Including the mounting brackets at the top and bottom, it measures 10-7/8".
My problem was that the readout would only read in tenths. after a dozen emails to igaging went unanswered and battery changes the only way i could get it to work would be to unplug the mini usb jack for about 10 seconds and replug. this has to be done before each use. a pain and I no longer use it.
The longest we carry is 35"
Not sure what you mean by "Modified". The unit has 50" cable, so the distance between measuring slider and control has to be &lt;50".
The strip that reads the measurements does not have a defined starting spot. You have to press the button and that becomes the spot you read from. Depending on the direction the reader moves it will add or subtract from your starting point. This is a very basic unit as the price point dictates.
It certainly appears to be. I purchased one some time ago. I have never really looked at the model number, but it visually matches the photos on the igaging website.
It would work on my Delta planer with some inventive brackets and drilling a few holes. Most of my planing is on stock less than 4" so the 6" model would work for me.
The 12" length is the measuring capacity of the unit. The actual length is longer with the brackets, sending unit, etc. The bar can be cut to any length you want and still function.
Measured again more carefully and it is 15.75 inches end to end without brackets. Sorry about first answer.
My mill is a Sieg X3. I used the 24 inch model in the z-axis, because mounting was easier. These scales are outstanding for the price. The resolution is .0005 inches and I am completely confident that the accuracy over the full range is within .001 inches.
The scale cable to the readout has VDO, SSY, DATA, and Ground outputs. They use mini plug connectors on the both ends of the cable. Runs on two 3 volt lithium 2032 cells. Take a chance and try it, it is a nice DRO for the price.
One, don't know why they show all together, think because if you want one for a mill, you may want all the axis. These are very nice for the price, just be ready to adapt them to your mill or whatever, no big deal.
Just be warned these are sold, and listed in the description as, for woodworking tools and are not really accurate enough for a metal lathe, don't get the resolution confused with the accuracy. The manufacturer lists an ACCURACY of +/-.002 over six inches which means they can yield as much as a .004 error over 6", that may be just fine for a woodworking machine but could wreak havoc with metal work! The .001 resolution listed in the product details is simply what the display is capable of showing and has nothing to do with the dismal accuracy which they so conveniently fail to list.
Single digital readout
I would have to see a photo of the machine and know which travel the scale is to be used on. In all cases one bit of advice is to mount it in a way that will allow the scale to be covered so no oil/coolant wets the scale.
If u want the readout at the same time on both. Yes you will need 2
I used 2 12" and one 6" DROs on my Grizzly Mini Mill setup. A 6" or 8" works well on the Y axis. You can use a 12" and cut it down if you want. I had no problems installing these with the brackets provided. I did buy some 10-24 Machine Screws and Drilled and Tapped to attach them to the Mill. Hope this helps. :)
No, mine doesn't but if I want to do that I can turn it off and than on again. It has settings 9, 18, 35min.
The circle size reflects the intensity of the smell or the frequency of the sprays. The small circle means the least number of sprays, or 1 spray every 36 minutes. The medium size means a medium number of sprays, or 1 spray every 18 minutes and the large circle means the most number of sprays, or 1 spray every 9minutes. This is how my air wick freshener works. My Lysol sprayer has the actual numbers of 9, 18, and 36 on it. Hope this helps. Rainbobird1
Yes the fragrance does last between sprays.
Yes
2 months
Loud ? I disagree with that statement. I bough two of those Lysol about two to three months ago and I couldn't be happier. I promise you that loud they are not.
2 double AA batteries
Yes
Yes. If you do that you'll want to be gentle when you remove the front to change the batteries or the spray can, because the pins that hold the front in place are a bit finicky.
It's helped me to cover strong pet smells so unless it is really strong then I would say yes.
This is a 2 separate rolls.
yes each side is 1/2 inch...and they are thick enough to hold up to the wear and tear that they get from my work.
It might work, but fleece is not a flat surface and I am not sure if glue would hold the velcro on it. Maybe you could glue it and then tack-sew it in a few places. I am sorry, but I have never tried to glue anything onto fleece, so I can't really say for sure what would work. sorry, I can't be more help.
Yes
It is 10 yards of each part. And this stuff is really good.. It sticks well to itself.
Two rolls, each 2 inches wide. One roll is hook and one roll is loop.
It's harder, but I still sew it on. It's tough. I use it on circus costumes.
Our purpose for this product is for fabric, so I wouldn't be using a different adhesive accept fabric glue. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
Depends on what you are adhering it to. If a hard surface something like a super glue gel or double sided gel tape. I believe this Velcro is made for cloth and sewing it on.
Please check who the seller is for the listing before purchasing. When you purchase from Country Brook Design the price is not cheaper at this time. Sometimes things are not cheaper just because it is smaller. It all depends on supply and demand. If it is very popular but hard to get it can cost more.
Hook and Loop is classified in duty levels. Such as light duty, medium duty and heavy duty. When ordering from Country Brook Design, our Hook an Loop is Medium Duty.
I'm not sure do a search for it on amazon. Search for Velcro in 3 or 4 inch wide.
I will try to answer your question, though I didn't use glue in this application. (I sew it on) Alene's fabric glue seems to be a good one. I think it would work for all of those applications. There is also a sewless velcro that already has a glue on it. You might check into that one if that would work with your application.
I ordered this product and only came one side as everyone write in their review. I made a complaint and they sent my money back, after a couple of weeks.
Hi, Thanks for contacting us, the Warranty on this product is 3 years. Signal Test Inc. Team
I used 5V with no problem. Couldn;t find the specification but everything above 2.5 i think is considered a high
Hello, Thank you for your message. No, it only has triggering capabilities, it does not have decoding capabilities. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance, and thank you for your interest in our storefront. Regards, Jennifer S. Customer Service
Hello, Thank you for your message. Please be advised that it is 1Mpt. Regards, Customer Service
Yes. Mine came with two ordinary analogue probes and the logic analyzer pod.
LA cables and clips are included. There was one probe pack which contained two probes. Sorry for the delay.
I finally found a list of ingredients at greenplanetcompany dot net. Here is the list: PerioPaste Ingredients: Phytoplenolin (Centipeda Cunninghamii Extract), Bio-Chelated Extracts of Echniacea Purpurea Tops (Echinacea Purpurea), Calendula Flower (Calendula Officinalis), Olive Leaf (Olea Europaea), Black Walnut Green Hulls (Juglans Nigra), Gotu Kola Herb (Centella Asiatica), Chamomile Flower (Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria)), Green Tea Leaf (Camellia Sinensis), Prickly Ash Bark (Zanthoxylum Americanum) and Grapefruit Seed (Citrus Grandis), Essential Oils of Peppermint (Mentha Piperita), Oregano (Origanum Vulgare), Clove (Eugenia Caryophyllus), Thyme (Thymus Vulgaris), Lavender (Lavandula Angustifolia), Cinnamon (Cinnamomum Zeylanicum) and Eucalyptus (Eucalyptus Globulus), Bio-SaponinTM (Saponins), Folic Acid, Coenzyme Q10 (Ubiquinone), Aloe Vera PhytogelTM (Aloe Barbadensis), Sodium Bicarbonate, Colloidal Silica, Lysine, Xylitol, Xantham Gum and Chlorophyll. Base Ingredients: Calcium Carbonate, Vegetable Glycerin, U.S.P. Purified Water. I decided not to try this product, after all. Found a good homemade toothpaste recipe at wellnessmama dot com, which is made with calcium powder and coconut oil, and I think I will be happier with that solution.
I believe so. It's manufactured in New York and has a US patent. My husband has been using it for years
It is sweetened with Xylitol, which is a sugar alcohol
11/16 id x 1 d, only 5 pcs of this size and the 1/2 and the 5/8
I wouldn't bring them anywhere near food. Don't know about the temperature rating.
I ran in to the same problem, while there is a sizing chart on the box its self you just have to take their word that the apropriate sized grommets are there.
Michelle, don't think this kit will have a 1.5 inch o'ring, best to go to hardware store with your old one to get the correct size.
Not sure what you are trying to ask Franco?
Dont buy this set. Mine set arrive dried out and hard. I know this was not your question but I threw it away.
Hello Lobsterinthesun. I purchased one of these and it does what it needs to do. It will convert a digital audio output into an analog signal. I needed this to convert the digital output from a TV to an analog input to a PS3 unit. It will take either a Toslink digital output or a coaxil digital output and convert it to an analog output. All you would need to do is to take a set of RCA cables from the output of this unit and plug it into your receiver.
Will this device work with my DISH hopper DVR's digital output---Yes I connected the RCA output to my Sony TV but get no sound--- maybe because your settings on your TV are not set to receive a digital audio input from an external device? This device will convert a digital audio signal into an analog audio signal....basically eliminating a receiver component between devices....
I can't answer that because it never worked for me.
This will work if you have a "coaxial output" on your blue ray DVD. You should get a high quality cable to go from your DVD player to this module. This will allow this device to work as you want it to. You can then connect any input that accepts typical RCA connections on your stereo or other device. I hope this helps.
It should work as long as you can set the PS3 audio output to S/PDIF (Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format), one of the industry standards for digital audio.
It comes with a power cable that plugs into the wall.
Make sure the audio source connect to the tv is not out putting 5.1 audio or surround audio. Make sure everything connected to the tv, is sending 2 channel audio only and the converter will convert digital to analog with no static.
The device comes with an AC adapter, but you will need to supply your own audio cables - either a TOSLink or coax digital input cable, and two RCA-type analog cables for the output.
Yes. As long as your Apple TV is on. The TV can be off.
The device converts the digital audio out of the tv, to regular RCA "red" and "white" connections. Whatever could normally be connected to regular RCA red and white connections, can be connected to the RCA read and white connections from the device.
No it doesn't. Just makes it easier telling hot and cold water lines.
I would say B. It isn't really flexible and I needed to buy some 90 deg. joints to get the needed flexibility.
It expands, when it thaws the pex will go back to it's original size. I live in the snow belt of upstate ny and have seen this in my own home.
I believe that this Pex can be used with any tool as long as you follow all of the tool instructions. I used the Zurn crimper because you can use just the one tool for any size Pex.
There is a fitting that sodders onto copper that allows the transition from copper to PEX. PEX then can span the gap between the current copper pipe and any fixture. With that said, it is important to get the right fittings that will allow proper transitions.
As it is not material to our application, I did not check, but based on the price and the brand I am fairly certain it is type B.
Is rated for 160 psi and 200 degrees F, I used with my pump at 60 psi and I have no problem. Also in winter work good, my pump was freezed and no leaks with this hose. By the way they sale it in Home depot.
Absolutely. Worked great for me.
I'm Sorry but I do not know you mean buy a, b or c. I do not know anything plumbing. I bought this per my plumbers instructions and I am going to run it myself to save money. He will come in and hook it up later. Sorry!!!
No it's not like a putty. Must be mixed and little to finish before it start to set up. And the thicker it is the longer it takes to harden correctly. I would recommend also the fiber glass material in conjunction with it. And sand area at 3 inches around repair area. You can then fill in some not too much. And use paint brush to paint sanded area, apply fiber glass, paint in into bondo, and repaint with more bondo. If you have a large hole you may also want to use a good glue before applying this. Like gorilla glue the best i found.
Yes is should adhere to a resin item.
Yes, be sure the wood won't flex so the resin doesn't crack!!
Yes but use a little less hardener so it will go on easier. However this will make it take longer to dry.
yes its fiberglass resin, two parts mix it together and dries in maybe 30 mins
Yes. You just need containers and stir sticks for mixing and spreaders.
For bedbugs it would be better to use Delta Dust. Thanks!
Tempo is used as a dust which is spread with an applicator that looks like the old timey float ball in a toilet. It is available from the distributor and is very effective at efficiently placing and spreading the insecticide. It is not to be mixed with water but spread with an applicator.
It has killed everything. I haven't seen anything survive it.
It is intended for mostly flying insects and works great with bees. I do know it works well on roaches because when I treated the bees underneath the shed crawl space a good amount of roaches fled like anxiety rifdden weirdos only to die minutes later.
Not really. It can withstand high humidity to some degree but in general, any amount of water will wash it away and further dilute it's active ingredient rendering what's left useless. That being said, dusts are best used where they'll be protected and not subject to direct impact from the weather (rain, sun, etc.). That means applying them to cracks and crevices, wall voids, attics, etc. would help enable it to last a good long time compared to applying it in an open, outside environment where it's longevity and residual will no doubt be reduced.
Yes, these are strips that helps show your ph balance is acidic or alkaline. The healthy range needs to be in the 7.0-7.05. You can use saliva or urine on these. Urine is the most accurate but test the urine in the morning on the second time around because the first time you go to the bathroom the urine is too acidic to test the reason is because the urine sits in the body to long during the night. If you decide to test the urine just use a jar it makes the testing easier. There are several places to get alkaline supplements at Health Food Stores or on line. You can try this also but the taste is something to get use too but it works and is cheap is to take 1 teaspoon of baking soda per 1 teaspoon of black strap molasses this will help bring up the ph balance and if you need to double the recipe you can or take the drink couple times a day until you are where you want to be at. If you decide to go the baking soda route you need to put 1 cup of water on a stove until a little warm and then put the baking soda in and stir until the water is clear. Take the water off the stove stir in the molasses. Taste better when the drink is warm and comfortable to drink. You need to test your ph everyday because one day you maybe alkaline and the next day you could be acidic by eating something acid that can effect you ph and lower your ph in the 6s. Nothing can survive in an alkaline body that ranges in the 7.0 - 8.0 range. How to eat an alkaline diet you can get books or info on line if you have not done so already that tells you what foods are acidic or alkaline and how to figure what to eat with what to make sure you eat an alkaline meal. You can eat acidic food but you need to eat something alkaline with it to off set the acid to bring up the blood to alkaline level. It's not hard to do once you get the hang of it.
Lisa here are the numbers on the comparison chart of the container, it reads. 4.5, 5.0, 5.5, 5.75, 6.0, 6.25, 6.5, 6.75, 7.0, 7.25, 7.5, 8.0, 8.5, 9.0. Hope that helps.
As I understand it one of the colors goes from neutral to alkaline and the other goes from neutral to acidic so in essence going different directions on the PH scale.
I believe that there is an "expiration" date on the label located at the bottom of the container.
Im the last person to answer this one. Both boxes i purchased tested on distilled water, tap water and my spit the same reading. i never could get the strips to change from the same reading. I do know under normal testing (other strips i did notice a change when water was tested).
The outer or end pad tests the ph by testing the concentration of hydrogen ions present, hydrogen ions have a positive charge (H+) and are acidic. The other pad I believe tests the presence of hydroxl ions, they are negative (OH-) and are alkaline. It seems the strips are testing the positive (outer pad) and the negative (inner pad) to get a more accurate results. One pad (outer) tests the H+ while the other tests the OH-. The more H+ the lower the ph and the more OH- the higher the ph. So each pad approaches the test from opposite ends of the scale making them complimentary. One pad sensative to the + ions present and the other sensative to the - ions. The outer pad should be sufficient and the inner one just as a back-up. To really simplify, the outer pad begins at 0 through 14 (0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-11-12-13-14) and the inner pad begins at 14 through 0 (14-13-12-11-10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1-0). In the ideal, the outer pad (H+) and the inner pad (OH-) should reflect the corrosponding colors to a certain ph but in the real world they may be off a little. When (H+) and the (OH-) are balanced the ph is 7. The reason we are told to use the outer pad is because testing ph by measuring the hydrogen ions is the most common method but either pad should give the same result.
Until the manufacturer (or company retailing these strips) gives clear and specific instructions on how to read the results on these strips your guess will be as good as anyone else's. The many answers that have already addressed how to read the strips are simply full of other people's opinions of how to do it. I maintain that until the manufacturer or supplier actually issues clear instructions it will remain a guessing game where anyone's answer may be right.
The test strips is to chech the acidity of your body- its says FOR SALIVA & URINE. You can spit into the strip or a few drops of your urine will do.
The colors of both pads are used together to best match the reference color (ph level). It is somewhat subjective in matching the color shades.
not sure- I only use for urine. I believe one color goes for more acidic and other more alkaline- and I just use the color code on the box.
Unfortunately, that question isn't possible to answer definitively. It really depends on the anatomy of the adult's ear. Some ear canals have a severe curve, almost 90 degrees from the outside to the eardrum. Others have a gentle curve. With the gentle curves you can see MOST of the eardrum if you're patient and practice. Even some children's eardrums are hard to visualize because of the curve in the canal.
Triple A batteries
It provides a very clear view of the inside of the ear. Wax, liquids, hair and the infections r clearly visible. With bunch of videos available online about understanding ear and ear infection, this can be very useful tool.
Yes. It came with all three sizes. I use the smallest for my little guy who will be turning two soon and the other for my 5 1/2 year old. The largest one is great for adults.
Hi, The Dr Mom Otoscope is made in the U.S.A.
I would guess that you could. They only send you 3 different sized tips so I'm guessing that you can clean them and reuse them.
Yes. Not super-magnified but enough to see what you need to see.
2.5 mm 0-3 y.o., 3 mm 4-12y.o, 4mm 12 above
No, it does not
It Comes With 3 Covers. They're All Different Sizes In Length. They Don't "Lock" In To Place But They Don't Really Come Undone Either. I Love Mine!!
Yes it worked very. Very well for me
It's written on it that it works on granite and many other stones. It's a great product. It cleaned all the scum on my kitchen stones and so easily.
I have black granite and have tried many products. This one is no different than many others I've tried. It leaves streaks and a film.
I purchased this to use on natural granite countertops. The package doesn't say anything about this being safe for quartz countertops like Cambria. I also checked the Cambria website, but it doesn't recommend any specific products. Cambria is supposed to be a pretty tough product, but if it were me I wouldn't take any chances-- I would look for a product that specifically says it is safe for quartz counters.
I have never used it on natural mable only granite. You would be better off asking a stone expert.
1/2 inch, the thickest this machine can handle
None that I am aware of. They would all be too rough on your porcelain fixture. It is a short trip through the toilet however and you can buy a special manually cranked snake at the hardware store. If you are going past the toilet into the drain, then you need to remove the toilet from the floor plate. This is not a big task.
either
The foot switch in conjunction with the on/off fwd/rev switch operates this unit. The on\off switch must be set to either few or rev before depressing the foot switch which is the final switch that turn on the machine.
Some very good gloves came with the router I received. I've used them several times now ... they've protected my hands very well.
We had the same issue and this helped us manage the root growth.
Unfortunately we can not ship it there
This is a manual feed machine
I bought it for work so i will have to check when i get back to work tomorrow. I believe it is a 1/3 HP. I will confirm tomorrow.
no, never.
It could be taken down off wall mount, but it is clear that is not the intended use. I really like the unit and find it very handy as a garage appliance. Quality is good, with exception of hose itself which is clearly of much lower quality than unit itself.
Great question. I haven't tried it. I don't think it is strong enough for an entire house but could work for smaller stations around a work shop. Just my guess and not based on any data. Just like a central system, you would need to keep the other suction points closed when not in use in order to draw full suction on the opening in use. I may try it now that you've brought up the question.
I couldn't figure that out either (and I looked quite a bit) but I can tell you I did get the PO3 and it works great. I use it in the garage sveral times a week for all kinds of general cleaning of my messes.
Hi Joey, this unit has a 12 amp vacuum motor and it is designed for long use. Some of the great features with our Garage Pro is the ability to vacuum wet and solid debris, it has a bagless dirt container, and the filter is washable!
120V 60Hz 12A
It has great suction and picks up all the dirt piles in our garage and in the cars. There's an internal dust filter that easily pops out and is easily cleaned (even washed). The end of the hose connection is approx 1" in diameter and then there is attachments that you can use. I'm not too familiar with working around horses to how the attachments would contour to the horse body to suck up the dirt is your call. I haven't used the wider floor attachments too much (approx 12" in length) but they have brush edges that would help. There is the small dust brush attachment that is approx 3" in diameter that could work well. I hope this gives you some insight and info to make a good decision. The unit also mounts very easily to the wall and will keep the hose up off the ground and from underfoot at you mentioned.
27Inches same height as in the box
The cord is over 3' and yes you can use an extension cord.
You must manually empty the tank when full.
I didn't find CFM rating anywhere. This is normally used for HVAC units and I don't know that it would apply to a vacuum. I can tell you that the suction is very strong and will pick up all kinds of shop dirt and dust. The blower is a little weak.
I really don't know but they are very strong and heavy duty. I would not hesitate myself.
You can probably mount a heavy duty caster that has a flat mounting plate. The bottom of the leg/nest holes is somewhat reinforced. However, mounting casters may lessen the weight capacity of the skid(unless you use 9 casters).
3300 pounds
We used it on a Cuisinart Thermal Grind and Brew Coffee Maker.
I believe it is.
Not sure what the question is but about $1.49 per foot if that was it!
4 1/4"
I ordered it and got the 400 ml beaker. Dont recall what the picture showed when I ordered it.
Yes it is dishwasher safe.
110 grams
The opening (top diameter) is 3.0 inches.
I don't think so, if I remember correctly, what you want is pryrex by Corning. I found this out by doing a google search a few months ago.
This clock needs to be plugged in. I also thought it would run on batteries. The use of the batteries seem to be to keep the clock set when the electricity goes out (because the numbers do not glow when unplugged) but when plugged back in, the time is correct. Strange, I know, but it is a great size and can been seen across the room with ease.
Do you mean a timer? No, it doesn't.
No dimming that I know of. I would say that it would probably be too bright for a bedroom.
power cord is about 6 feet long very thin very about (3mm thick) attached to a transformer on the end
120v - 60Hz is what it says on back of plug.
Yes it does on the back
No
Yes it can show 24 hour time
I don't think it is water proof. I have mine in my shop with no heat but it stays dry.
I've had my clock for over a year. The background is black and the red numbers are easy to see.
It will work just fine. Double pole contactor will work in place of a single pole contactor.
if your system has stranded wire (about 10 ga is normal for systems under 5 tons) you may crimp a female spade terminal on to the end of the stranded wire. If you have solid copper 10 ga wire then the line contactor comes equipped with screw compression terminals on both sides of the of the contactor. you may install the solid number 10 ga wire in these devices
As the product description states, it is a 2 Pole Contactor. 30 Inductive amps 40 Resistive amps. The contacts are for AC voltages up to 240 volt. They are not rated for DC current, which I assume is what you have coming out of the solar panels.
It is a 24 vac contactor.
No, this is a contactor. Not a relay. The coil is not configurable.
From an system perspective this contactor is fully capable of making this switching. My main concern though is there is a control input (thermostat) to turn it off. This contactor has no intelligence in that regard and will continue to supply current to the water heater's heating elements until the unit explodes. So you'll need to put the thermostat somewhere in this control circuit for safety.
Orientation doesn't make a difference.
IIRC is about .5A @ 28v. Unless your project involves heavy loads a standard fan relay should be enough http://www.amazon.com/Supco-General-Purpose-Current-Contacts/dp/B0071OX6Z4/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1404699121&sr=8-2&keywords=fan+relays+24+volt+coil
Yes this will work just fine for that as long as coil is 24v AC. It is rated for up to 230V but will work just fine & contacts will last even longer for 110V.
Usually if you ohm it out you will see it may have two of the same one one side and one on the other side. The coil only runs on two tabs I don't see another reason for the third besides feeding the same point to run the condenser relay or controls for the fan via board. Need more information here..BTW the coils only needs two tabs should have some ohms on them.
supposed to wait 2 times as long after use before using again. so for 20 seconds you wait 40 seconds before using again. it works well. we use it to load and unload an 800 pound cabinet into our toyhauler.
Its power in and out. But you still need to lightly pull on it to come out otherwise it tangles. Same with watching it come back in...watch it! Otherwise it may not go in properly and get tangled.
Yes it will.
No it isn't
Here is how I did my installation - I built a box frame just slightly bigger than the unit, which is attached to my ceiling (in basement). Inside the box is a section of 3/4 in plywood, which is nailed to the 2 by 4 frame, the unit rests on the plywood inside the box. The unit is fastened to a steel plate which comes with the unit. The steel plate and unit is now attached to the plywood by 4 bolts and 4 nuts and washers. It is solid and never moves, no problems have been encountered. The only difficulty was attaching the nuts to the bolts as there was very little clearance from the top of the steel plate to the bottom of the winch. Good Luck. Hope this helps.
Hello, To answer your question, the lower body is autoclavable; the pump assembly and the cartridge are not. Thank you for your question, and have a great day. Regards, Emmanuel Rodriguez Pacific Star Corp.
According to the manufacturer alkyl nitrites is not approved for use in this item.
It comes with a couple different inserts for different thread sizes. I use them on a 32oz wheaton boston round with a 33-400 thread. You can set it to dispense a certain volume every time you press the pump. The maximum on this one is 10ml.
You can bit citrus and other flavors will break down the parts. You will find yourself replacing parts quite often. It will easily handle the viscosity though.
Elshad, From the research I was able to do on your question, this is what I've gathered: The product description gives this info: Liquids unsuitable for the seripettor pro include, but are not limited to: Hydrofluoric acid, or other chemicals that attack polypropylene, PTFE, ETFE, FEP, PFA, alumina-ceramic, platinum-iridium, and borosilicate glass, carbon disulfide, density exceeding 2.2g/cm3, viscosity exceeding 150mm2/s (10mL instrument), 75mm2/s (25mL instrument) vapor pressure exceeding 500mbar. Temperature of instrument and reagents must be between 59 and 104F (15 and 40C). Agar culture media to 140F (60C). I looked up alkyd paints on Wiki, and read that there can be different viscosities depending on the manufacturing process and quality of the paint. So, my answer would be as long as the paint has a viscosity of less than 150 sq.mm./s. Since you work with the paint, you're definitely more knowledgeable than I am on that. I hope this helps. Regards, Emmanuel Rodriguez, B.B.A., M.S. Pacific Star Corporation 6027 South Loop East Houston, TX 77033 tel: 713-527-0889 fax: 713-481-8423 emmanuel@pfstar.com Visit us at www.pfstar.com
I cant be sure on that, the paint would have to travel up the suction tube into the piston by force of vacuum, that might be slow. brandtech probably has information of viscosity limits.
Ok, I look at the ingredients and they are: Exocyan Cran (cranberry extract), Silica, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Calcium Lactate, Sodium Bicarbonate, Carrageenan, Sorbitol, Xylitol, Natural Flavors, Aspartame, Magnesium Stearate, & FD&C Blue #1 Lake. No Flouride. :-)
Bottle says "Made in USA"
Expiration date (month and year) should be stamped on the bottom of the bottle. Generally 2 years from date of purchase but could probably last a lot longer since the ingredients, i.e. sodium and calcium compounds with some cranberry and/or mint flavoring, aren't the kind that will spoil. But always keep in a cool, dry place and keep the cap closed to extend the life of the product. I found this product to be very convenient and effective.
You will have to address Archtek on this matter as we no longer carry this product.
It's recommended to only use denture cleaner for dentures. Regular toothpastes can be too abrasive for dentures and wear them quicker.
It is 27".
16 inches we had no problems hanging this and we love it
Wood.
Yes
the one I got were bronze. The finish on them was very nice.
If you're seating this directly into the drywall, I'd say yes. Although, if I recall correctly, the pre-drilled holes are spaced roughly sixteen(16) inches apart, so if you have flexibility in where you place the hanger, you can simply drive a screw into the stud on one end, level it, and the other hole should line up with the other stud.
27"
It is very light weight, but not flimsy. It is made of good solid wood and probably weighs 5 lbs itself, at the most. I have it in my foyer for jackets, sweaters, etc. and it has been there 2 years with no problems. I have had 3 sweaters and a jacket on it at one time. So maybe 20 lbs. total. Hope this helps.
Drill in the wall directly.
Id say dark brown/mahogany.
I'm sure it could be. But I would be sure the door is solid wood. If it's hollow like most doors, the extra weight won't hold after awhile.
The backplate is 4" tall.
Apx 5.5 inches from hook to hook
My husband used bigger screws than what it came with and made sure they went into the studs not just the drywall. In that case I'd say yes.
We used the mollies and didn't bother finding the studs.
It is real wood and finished nicely.
The holes are 16 inches apart center to center.
I measured it again the to hook and including the wood its almost 4 inches out from the wall. The top hook sticks out more. The lower hook is about 3 inches. hope this helps! This is a good hook. Probably the best thing I got from amazon. Super sturdy!
I'm not sure the exact kind but it's solid wood if that makes sense. It's not layers of wood glued together like some other stuff. It's pretty heavyweight (not too heavy though) it's really good quality. Sorry I know that's vague but I hope it helps you a little!
Sorry, the hooks are not removable.
Real wood
yes!
It can be used for a shed, if the shed is more than a a foot off the ground you might want to get a longer one or one that has an arch as the mowing deck will catch on the top. this ramp is very well built and can take a little punishment
It's rated to 1500lbs. We bought it to load our John Deere garden tractor/mower and will now use it for our new ztr. My guess is you'll have no problem.
They are a little steep for a regular pickup, so probably not. Unless u had an elevated area to back up to wherever you were going.
Yes it will work fine, the slots are close enough for small tires. It also has chains for retention so it won't slip off trailer.
No, they are held together by hinges.
Yes, it is built really well and rated heavier than that.
As it doesn't hook onto anything it ought to be usable with any trailer.
Honestly, I don't remember. I think it was USA made? However I have been using my ramp for 3 years now and no issues whatsoever. Sorry.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Should not be a problem. Loaded a 600 Lb. Harley Davidson onto a trailer.
So far so good. I put this on a tear in my vinyl convertible top about two months ago and it has sealed it up nicely. It is flexible, like a rubbery feel, so it flexes with the top going up and down. I definitely recommend Stormsure for vinyl.
I would not recommend it for canvas. I have used StormSure on both vinyl and canvas looking vinyl (I think they call it twill). It lasted longer on the ordinary vinyl but in the end, it did not last on either top. The StormSure eventually yellowed and then peeled up from the edges. Also, my tops had cracks that were eventually 2 inches long in a high tension area of the top. I suspect most patches will work on something small like a cigarette burn. I live in Arizona where the intense sun shines all year round and I operate my convertable top (up and down) almost daily. On the plain vinyl top I probably got five or six months out of the StormSure patch. On the twill top I got less than two months before I had to reapply more StormSure. I kept patching it with more StormSure and it looked hideous by the end of four months when I put a new top on. It didn't seem to adhere very well to the twill.
Stormsure takes a little time to firm up, so it will run off the location if not completely flat, if you can position the seat so the repair area is flat and that the damaged area is not to big it will be OK.
Drys clear.
I think it will work but keep in mind this stuff takes a long time to dry . in your case of putting LED's on shose your going to have to hold it in place untill it drys .if I were you I will go with something like a jewelry adhesive like E6000 adhesive drys in 10 minutes
i can't say for sure but i believe it would-it takes a long time to set up and cure-if you can keep it in place and let it set over 24 hours it should work
I believe it is designed for that but I used it on my car convertible. It has held up thru this horrible winter with snow and ice. I am happy how this product performs
1. Watch the instruction video. 2 pull the tear as tight together as possible. Put some kind of temporary backing on the outside of the repair point. Push repair material out of the tube on the tear and about 1/2" either side of it. Let it dry over night. Remove backing. Close tube tightly and store in freezer.
It should, I bought a different sponge than the original one and I like it better. Its sort of half round sponge and lasts longer and it has a scrubbing piece attached to the top. I guess you will just have to try it and find out. I am sure if it does not fit you could exchange it. Or go to their website, you may find out more there. Good luck. Rachel
This refill is for the 8.5 inch mop head.
The label did not specify material. Cellulose is paper based, I think. Sponges are not paper. It works as it should, don't know why the material would make a difference. It mops the floor.
You have the wrong refill, it's not difficult.
3 1/2 inches from pivot to top.
I would say yes to the wind, but not sure about people pulling on it. They are pretty strong, but flexible enough to break under extreme loads.. Sorry not much help
no it is plated
I bought it for an airstream that in the end I didn't buy, so didn't get to see it.
single latch and yes it has screws
The spec sheet from Manchester Tank that was emailed to me states the following: 10487TC 20# DOT Horizontal ACME/OPD Cylinder, Gauge 20 Lb. Propane Capacity *4.6 gal. (Propane) Capacity 47.6 Lb. Water Capacity **17.4 Inch long, 12.2 inch diameter 21 LB TARE WEIGHT However, Not all was exactly as stated on the spec sheet: * The professional at a propane distributor (not a gas station employe but an actual distributor) was who filled it the first time (and most times since I bought the tank new from Amazon.com) was only able to get 3.8 gal in the tank. ** The 12.2 Inch "diameter" measurement given in the spec sheet is a bit misleading because of the welded on handle (the one at opposite end from the valve) which protrudes higher than the rest of the tank makes it actually closer to 12 5/8 to 12 inch TALL at that handle from the bottom (in the horizontal position)
it is a float in the bottle to tells y the percentage of the gas in the tank
I think so, it is supposed to work horizontal, I just used it (up right) on my gas grill and still worked.
The valve could leak if turned - I would suggest to buy a 90 degree ell and connect in a different direction.
18" underside of bottom to top of frame (when tank is vertical, or length when horz) 12 1/2" from underside of frame to top of tank, that handle in the back (when tank is horz, like the picture shown) Tank it's self is 12" diameter. Note that a new tank has a lot of air in it that has to be purged out, you've got to needle the guys at a gas station to get it purged out or the tank won't fill ... A regular propane place will know this however. Note also the tank needs to be vertcal when filled, it won't fill full when horz. so what ever cut out you make leave access to remove and repace it easily.
No. 4 gallon 20 lb.
Not sure... not a lot to go wrong... maybe talk to Manchester or a propane company .
hello: the tank must be upright to fill. tommy C.
The SMART Response Technology can be turned ON/OFF by using the following steps: (from the RTH6450's manual# 69-2416ES-05, Pg. #21) 1) Press and hold the "up arrow" AND the "FAN" buttons until the screen changes (approximately 5 seconds). 2) the number that appears on the "left" of the screen is the Function#, the number on the right of the screen is its corresponding SettingValue 2) Press "Next" (bottom right) until you reach "13" on the "left" of the screen (i.e. Function# "13" - this is the function for Smart Response Technology) 3) if the number on the "right" of the screen is "1" (i.e. if the SettingValue is "1") then the smart technology is "ON" if the number on the "right" of the screen is "0" (i.e. if the SettingValue is "0") then the smart technology is "OFF" 4) Use the "up arrow" or the "down arrow" to change this SettingValue to suit your preference. 5) Press "Done" (bottom left) to save changes and exit. Hope this helps.
It is a 2 piece unit. The back screws to the wall and the front just snaps on.
It is 6" long by 3 3/4" high by 1 1/4" thick.
5-1-1 means you can set different program schedules for M-W, Saturday, and Sunday. By comparison, 7 days means you can set a program schedule that will be the same every day of the week. And 5-2 means you set different program schedules for weekdays and the weekend.
You can replace it as long as you have a little know-how. Shut the electric off on the circuit breaker, and follow the directions...pretty easy
No you dont. It retains the settings.
The SMART Response Technology can be turned ON/OFF by using the following steps: (from the RTH6450's manual# 69-2416ES-05, Pg. #21) 1) Press and hold the "up arrow" AND the "FAN" buttons until the screen changes (approximately 5 seconds). 2) the number that appears on the "left" of the screen is the Function#, the number on the right of the screen is its corresponding SettingValue 2) Press "Next" (bottom right) until you reach "13" on the "left" of the screen (i.e. Function# "13" - this is the function for Smart Response Technology) 3) if the number on the "right" of the screen is "1" (i.e. if the SettingValue is "1") then the smart technology is "ON" if the number on the "right" of the screen is "0" (i.e. if the SettingValue is "0") then the smart technology is "OFF" 4) Use the "up arrow" or the "down arrow" to change this SettingValue to suit your preference. 5) Press "Done" (bottom left) to save changes and exit. Hope this helps.
No
Should work. Installed this on a 20+ year old gas furnace with electric A/C. Lots of detailed instructions.
The "in recovery mode" is refering to a thing called energy recovery management its one of the features on your tstat what it does- when you are using the program on your tstat the "in recovery" starts your unit early so if the tstat is set to be 70 degrees at 8 in the morning when 8 o clock hits it will already be 70 degrees in your house you can turn this feature off if you want in the installation setup codes
I believe the difference is that Pentek #158117 has a pressure release button at the top whereas 158116 does not.
Yes the EP-10 filter will fit in this housing. The 158117 is designed to accept 2.5" x 9-3/4" cartridges.
yes that is what I used them for
This housing has 1/4" port
flow rate is a function of pressure and diameter of piping system as well as the filter ability to pass through the liquid.
The 158116 does not appear to have that option.
1/4" female national pipe threads
I have no idea
Yes I believe It would. I have an ulpostered headboard that is about 2 inches thick. The hooks seem to conform to any thickness
Yes.
The lamp has an off white shade. There is a brass colored pull chain to turn the lamp on and off and the clamps that go over the headboard are white. The lamp is wonderful, simple and easy to use. I would buy the lamp again.
About 5 feet
No spouse here, but it would keep me awake. Great light for a headboard though.
the shade is 5 inches deep, with the hanging hook it comes down 8 inches.
No larger than 40W.
Yes it does.
As long as you don't use a bigger wattage bulb than stated.
40W
Let it dry until the glue doesn't come off the substrate when you touch it with your (gloved) finger, usually a minute or two, depending on the ambient temperature. It takes longer if you lay a thicker layer down. I believe this is in the instructions for use on the can as well.
I didn't find it to be very sticky. I would try something in an indoor/outdoor carpet glue.
I never tried it with metal to leather but it should work.
that's the one I used for my unit. The best way is to look at the numbers on your old contactor, and see which contactor replaces it. Comfort Gurus has a page with a list of which new contactors replaces the old ones. If your contactor is old, you won't get the exact contactor as your old one because it's been updated. You may want to look a web site of how to connect the new replacement contactor, for the most part it's the same way.
Hello, Thank you for your question. Here is a link for the replacement part: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DZV3X7I Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you!
it works fine for my RACC-030JAS
Yes, I used the same one on my rheem
Yes it will make sure the wire are in the right places and nothing is touching the body
My understanding is that it's a standard contactor. The one I replaced was not the exactly the same as this one but using the diagrams it went in fine and works like a charm. Saved the cost of a service call and repair too. Recommend you call a parts house like Johnstone supply who can use a cross reference to verify it'll work if you're not sure.
Any 30 amp 1 pole contactor should work.
Worked fine for me.........IR
no your part # comes up as 40amp contactor
It doesn't depend on your unit number, it depends on your contactor number. open your cover and find the contactor and get the number. If its and old contactor, it might not be sold any more. Comfort guru's has a web page that will find which new contactor will replace it.
Yes, indeed, that's what I use it for. It is a very good device. Regards.
Blood EDTA tubes will centrifuge nicely in this. I don't know what prp treatment is, so I cannot answer that part. It is a standard clinical centrifuge much like the ones we use in the hospital laboratory.
No
No
I didn't see any documents for that in my shipping.
If you work with a company that you need tubes, they will supply them.
The one I have is 110v. I don't think they have an E-33 that is 220v.
5ml, 8.5ml and it also comes with the little inserts so it can spin tubes like the 3ml lavender etc
8 ports two sizes of tubes accomodated
If you are asking what's inside, then it contains 8 slots for test tubes.
Mepitac is actually better than the more expensive brands. Massaging scar tissue is much more productive and comfortable.
Hello Complexity,sorry for late response I've been on vacation. Yes, you can reuse the same tape after taking a shower!! I usually shower with the tape on and then dry the area directly after getting it wet. Please remember as with any seal once it has been breached it may be difficult to recreate the bond. Wow, that sounds so technical:). All that to say, it is best to keep the tape on when bathing and for exercise. Tip: sometimes a small portion of the end may wear before the rest of the tape. You can just cut a small piece and place over the old or cut just the worn portion off and replace with the new. I hope I answered your question.
No. I happen to be a charge nurse that has worked in a burn unit for 20 years and have seen many products and trends over the years regarding scar management and therapy
Yes it would protect your scar from the sun
Unlikely. I could see you taping it on a tear on a tent that has already been set up, but otherwise I imagine this tape won't last very long for wear and tear. This is meant to stick well to skin, and it certainly does its job.
The title says "by the each" meaning that each package has a roll of silicone tape that is 3.3 yards long and the tape it .8" wide (less than an inch). "By the each" is only trying to say what is contained in each package (preceded by the measurements). I know it's oddly worded. So if you order one, you'll get a box that has 3.3 yards of silicone tape that's .8" wide. They make the same product in other sizes so you have to check the title and/or description to know exactly what you're getting (length and width of the tape).
My plastic surgeon recommended it after 6 months of my surgery. He told me this product's composition would help stop the scars from thickening. I've been using it for 6 months now and my scars have not thickened, so I guess it works.
Latex free, the box has a triangle on it with the word LATEX in it and there is a big X through the entire triangle.
3 1/4" is the uncompressed length, 1 1/2" is the diameter of the coil, 0.148" is the diameter of the wire.
Yes
Only 1 spring
Information from Simpson: USAGE TEMPERATURE: In order for components to mix properly, condition to 60F - 90F before mixing. STORAGE CONDITIONS: For best results store in a dry area between 45- 95F. Product is very moisture sensitive.
The Strontie web page has the contents: 2 Crack-Pac Flex-H2O cartridge/nozzle sets. 12 E-Z-Click Injection Ports, 2 E-Z-Click Injection Fittings with 12" tubing, 1 pint of paste-over epoxy (8 oz. of resin + 8 oz. of hardener), 4 disposable wood paste-over applicators, 1 pair latex gloves.
I would recommend the epoxy version first off. It is more liquid and easier to pump. Second as far as the ceiling goes I would say yes as long as there is something backing the slab. If not it will just flow thru the back side and not follow the crack. If you can get to the other side, use epoxy to seal the bottom side completely and then set the product up as directed on the top side of the slab. It will fill more uniform and be easier to do looking down rather than doing it off a ladder.
Yes, I believe it can! It worked great for me do far.
about 1 yr
I would say yes it should, it expands pretty well.
If your intention is to stop water from leaking in then polyurethane is your best bet. However it is not a structural repair. Epoxy would be best if you desire a structural repair to bond the wall back together. However, the epoxy does not guarantee a watertight seal.
I would say yes. I two different pieces of concrete (poured at different times) and it did a great job keeping water out.
As part of the kit instructions you will be spraying water into the crack just before you pump in the polyurethane to ensure activation.
It depends on the width of the crack and depth of your wall. My crack was very thin/ hair line in spots, but i had plenty of filler left over that didn't get used.... Short answer: most likely.
my best guess is no.i would try scraping off as much of the tar substance as possible. i had paint that had been applied to my wall, and i spent a lot of time scraping and sanding it off.
dear john...letter.. ha?ha? sorry i just had to.. the crack-pac. stopped at the dirt for me when i used it. it states on the directions that if there is space behind you can/will loose it. if your mud jack filled the void behind the crack you should be ok. its too expensive to loose and you will pretty much know in the 1st tube. as you pump it in it should fill not fall out. if mud/dirt is not present behind you will have to find access somehow behind the crack. it worked great for me on a wall.. i have not tried floors (yet) good luck!!! "steph." t
Yes, it should work pretty well. If the crack is visible on the outside of the house you need to seal it as best as you can with a topical of some sort (concrete patch or mortar). This Is to stop all the epoxy from leaking out. If the whole section is 1/4" and five feet long all the way through, you will definitely need more than one tube of the epoxy. I had the same scenario with only during heavy rains and its been bone dry for the past two years.
10 months ago I had a similar problem with a crack in the basement with water leaking inside. My son is a licensed home improvement contractor and he recommended this product. I ordered it and used it and it has been totally dry since then. It took less than an hour to use the product. Easy to use. This fall and winter has seen a lot of rain and snow and there have been no further problems. I highly recommend this product.
ETIPAC10KT is epoxy for restoring the structural inetegrity of the concrete. Polygem is to stop water leaks!
Don, Going by the instructions, the basic premise is to start injection into the lowest port first and seal that port when the epoxy starts to push out of the port above it; this ensures the crack is filled, with no gaps. I would suggest drilling say, a quarter-inch hole (with a masonry bit) from the inside at the lowest point you would want a port. Epoxy a port right over the hole and continue this process , say every 8-10 inches, making sure the drill penetrates past where the old epoxy lies. Seal the outside of the crack as best you can, with the epoxy supplied with the kit. I think this method will be your best option, given the previous repair attempt. I hope this will be of some help.
There are companies out there that sell corner ports. I had to buy a bag of them. Or you can cut 2 sided off the round port to make it oblong.
My use was for around a 4" PVC pipe that the 1" water main runs through, This did the job for me I removed all the loose patches other tried, then applied the epoxy over the area placing the ports for injecting in places where I was sure the injected material would flow. after the injected material dried 72 hours to be sure I knocked off the ports and applied at top coat of the epoxy- several rains falls and dry as it should be- one rains fall was 4 inches in a 24 hours period and not a drop from my patch.
I do not believe that this product is made for mortor joints. You would be better off replacing the mortor.
I will say yes to this question. After it sets up say 48 hours use a grinder cut off all injection ports and refinish that area of the pool crack to match.
I've gone through about 4 bottles already and they seem to have a good design. I've been taking the extra step to wipe the tip of any excess glue and cap it quick. The greatest part is the extreme control you get when laying the glue down. Plus the thickness of the glue is like nothing else. It's the only super glue I'll ever use and I've tried at least 8 brands over the last year. I haven't tried the Loctite Gel, only the Ultra Gel. Hope it helps.
It is slower and less runny than Krazy glue. Fully sets in 60 seconds, you get a good grip much sooner but still have some wiggle room. I find it better for applications that need small adjustments.
It should, but I don't know if it would continue to hold in extreme heat. Also, if you need to replace the hose or the intake later, you would have a very hard time getting it clean enough for a good fit. Better to use one of those round hose clamp things if you can.
Goes on clear. Stays clear. LOVE this product!
I personally would use an epoxy for metal to metal. I use this product for rocks (intarsia) and cabochons to silver or silver plate. If it were me I would not use this for metal to metal because the metal alone is slicker than the rock/metal or rock/rock which I use. Hope this helps.
I've only used the Loctite Gel Control (blue) and never the Ultra , but from the sound of it, it works every bit as good as the Ultra Gel Control. I'm not sure what the difference is to be honest. I've used the Loctite Gel about 300 times over the past year and I don't even wipe the tip anymore and it has never clogged even once! I am astounded. And I don't even rush to replace the cap anymore, sometimes I leave the cap off for 30-60 minutes. Never a problem. Amazing!
This stuff will stick anything together, including plastic. You don't need much to get the job done.
It works pretty well on small plastic things. I haven't had any items become unglued after usage. It's better than any other super glue I've used. Hope that helps.
I don't believe that you would use any form of super glue on bolts of an automobile. Lock title makes a totally different product for something like that.
I do not know specifically about o-rings; I only know that everything I have used Loctite for (various viscosities) has worked on jewelry, vacuum cleaner hose, metal, magnets, and more!
Hi, The smallest is R-01 with I/D 3mm and section 1.5mm. If you need R-05, the kit has 23 of those. Hope that helps
This is a metric set, don't know what you mean by the size. If your referring to hole size being .010 or .011 thousandths of an inch...no it doesn't. I believe the sizes are listed on the web page, if not go to the vendor and ask..
Depends on the specific application. Nitrile/Buna-N is a very common o-ring material for mechanical/automotive applications but not universally appropriate. The Amazon listing indicates it's likely to be incompatible with brake fluid. I'd figure out what you are specifically going to be using them for and do a web search or two to check compatibility.
Go to the Web, look and download book "Parker O-Ring Handbook". It has more information on O-Ring materials than you probably ever need.
there is thick ones and thin ones in this. They are not all the same diamater, it is an assortment.
3 x 1.5mm, 4 x 2mm, 5 x 2mm, 7 x 1.5mm, 10 x 1.5mm, 13 x 1.5mm, 10 x 2.5mm, 11 x 2.5mm, 13 x 2.5mm, 14 x 2.5mm, 16 x 2.5mm, 18 x 2.5mm, 19 x 2.5mm, 21 x 2.5mm, 22 x 2.5mm, 18 x 3.5mm, 20 x 3.5mm, 22 x 3.5mm, 23.5 x 3.5mm, 25 x 3.5mm, 26.5 x 3.5mm, 28 x 3.5mm, 30 x 3.5mm, 31 x 3.5mm, 33 x 3.5mm, 34.5 x 3.5mm, 36 x 3.5mm, 38 x 3.5mm, 41 x 3.5mm, 44 x 3.5mm, 47 x 3.5mm and 50 x 3.5mm
I think the 1/16th is the size of the wire and the 3/32nds is the size of the wire PLUS the vinyl coating. I've bought this product. It was excellent! Look for burst strength and wire wrap patterns when comparing different wire rope. Hope this helps.
Easily. Mine is doing 90 degree angles in less than a quarter inch...
1/16" sleeves should be the proper size. You will have to strip off the vinyl coating where you make the connection. 3/16" sleeves will fit over the vinyl coating without stripping, but this should not be done if your project will have any significant loading since the vinyl will stretch and yield over time. Either way, you will probably also need a swaging tool to crimp the sleeves, as these are tough to crimp with anything else.
Yes. It is a tight fit, so your cut must be clean. I am using a cold chisel on a small anvil for a burrless cut and sort of twist the cable to get it started but then is slips through nicely.
In my opinion, No!
Absolutely!
The steel cable is 1/16" diameter. But the outside diameter of the vinyl coating is 3/32". I purchased cable clamps of sizes 1/16" which fiit fine, even a bit extra big. I would not purchase the cable clamps described as covering ranges 3/32" to 1/8" because they are way too big.
I used the wire to stiffen a 7 foot deer fence around our property. I used aluminum crimping sleeves once I had looped the wire around each of the fence poles. I used a crimping tool that you can buy on Amazon to squeeze the sleeves. I think they are just saying that they do not rate the wire to hold any significant weight overhead. I would imagine a 1/16 wire could fatigue. Just a guess as it was not applicable for my application.
Good love it
For loads of any significance, you should remove the vinyl sleeve at the clamp location, and clamp to the 1/8 wire using an 1/8 inch clamp.
Hard to say. The craftsmanship of the product is brilliant, but under h20? Thick vinyl coating coats entire wire unless ends are exposed to moisture then rust or corrosion will occur. What of project are you considering it for?
We bought the HK Porter Wire Rope and Cable Cutter sold by Amazon and it works great. Only about twenty bucks and is the best tool for the job.
This cable is very flexible so I don't think it will work for what you want to do with it. You can buy solid copper or aluminum ground wire in various thicknesses at your local big box hardware store like Lowes, Menards, Home Depot etc. Go to their electrical department and tell them what you need and they can spec something out that will work for you. Their garden department probably has plant stands and/or light stands that will work as well.
ONE piece would be strong enough. This is braided steel cable with a vinyl coating. Very high quality.
Yes. That's exactly what I used it for, and it looks great.
It should be plent strong enough for that.
I wouldn't.
I would think so. It has a plastic cover over the wire
I think it would be fine as long as it is secured correctly an as long as there is not to much weight on it
Yes. It is the whole unit.
The detailed description says 400 pounds.
The ones I received have an inner tube and tire is stamped with rating of 30 psi cold
First off, star washers are readily available and can be purchased at a hardware store. That would be my first suggestion. My dolly axle uses a washer and cotter pin method also. I would thensuggest a set screw collar as a second choice if drilling a cotter pin hole isn't something you can do. I would think maybe the shaft isn't long enough for a set screw and collar since you have a star washer. so as a last resort you could drill the shaft end and tap it for a bolt to hold a washer and wheel in place. I strongly prefer the cotter pin and I suggest you file a flat spot in the location necessary before drilling. Size-up the washer and remaining space to determine if drilling is going to work for you. You will need a good drill bit and steady hand, or even better, have a blacksmith do it for you. There are probably other ways I haven't mentioned. Good luck.
yes
Well, these certainly aren't designed for such usage. I doubt you would have any trouble from them, but if you are planning on downhill, the torque on the outer side of the wheel/tire, could roll the rubber off the rim. I don't know how well the bead seats onto the rim and that could be a problem for you. These wheels/tires are designed for loads to be directly over the axle and not for holding shape from leveraging that weight diagonally. Hope this helps
This tire is designed for hand trucks not road use
Bearing is on center
It appears many of MintCraft's products are from China. Not sure about these truck wheels.
they need air.
Yes mesh is a must for roof repair.This product works well.
It can be applied with a roller, but it covers a small space. We ended up buying 3 cans and it only covered less than 1/2 of our roof. Even though it is clear it discolored the roof slightly so you could see where it had been applied. However, it did stop the 2 leaks that we had on the roof.
I don't know if its the best stuff to use, but we use it on the curling seams on our rubber roof all the time and it seems to do the trick.
It's in the product description: Dimensions: -Outer layer steel thickness: 2mm.-Inner layer steel thickness: 1.5mm.-Interior dimensions: 13'' H x 14.7'' W x 14'' D.-Overall dimensions: 19'' H x 17'' W x 16'' D.-Weight: 77 lbs.
Mine went dead just a few days ago, and when I put new batteries in, the safe had kept the same combination I had. Check to make sure they are good batteries, and there in right. If you still want to change the code, there is a button on the inside back of the digital display on the inside of the door. Press to reset and put new ones in. But when the batteries go bad it does keep your code until you get new ones.
It is plastic, so it would have been better to make that a metal casing.
Company info says it is not. There are two drill holes for anchoring in bottom so that seems to confirm company's comments
behind the keypad/batteries compartment
Yes, if it's a hand gun. I would bolt it down. It comes with bolts and pre drilled holes.
about a foot
The instructions don't say. You might try removing the batteries and see if that erases the code.
I think you are going to have to go the manufacturer's website and see if they can help you. With no key and the key pad combination not working either the manufacturer may have a way to identify your safe's key slot and send a duplicate set of keys. Good luck.
The safe stores up to 2 passcodes simultaneously; A user Code & A manager Code. To change a code, you open the door, press a red button on the back of door near the hinge. The screen will display "----". Press the "Start" button, and enter the new code. Codes should be 6 digits. Immediately after entering the new code, the screen should display "IN". The code is now stored. You will have to estimate the time it takes you to do this in order to determine if it would be beneficial to you or not. You also have a "Key", to open in case of battery running down, or anything like that. Hope this helps somewhat. James
It is large, solid, well made and can be bolted to the floor if i recall correctly. There is plenty of space for multiple items has a key and code setup. Bought it for my parents and they are pleased with it.
No, neither.
use the key to open it.they give it to you when you bought it.
Aluminum base. steel handle
I have only used it on asphalt, sidewalks and a boardwalk, so can not say
I'm not familiar with those two brands you mentioned, after purchasing this cart I am very impressed with the construction and sturdiness. I used it consistently during our last move and it can handle its rated capacity and some. The best feature is that when fully collapsed it measures 16"W x 14-15"L x 6"H, these are approximates but it is easy to store or transport.
When you psh down on the bar for folding the handle it also releases the handle to slide back in. It is a little stiff at first and you will probably have to wiggle it from side to side while applying downward pressure but it wil work itself out in time so you won't need to wiggle it.
Based on my scale...18 pounds when flat and 20 pounds when held up on its edge.
The answer is sort of... It has two lengths fully out and fully in. I don't have the lengths available to me right now, but I would estimate about 1 1/2 feet. with the fully extended length about three feet.
29Lb
The top and bottom shelves have 3.5 inches of internal front to back space. The lock mechanism invades 1.75 inches of that space along practically the whole middle shelf. Leaving you the difference for thin stuff.
Hello and thank you for your inquiry. Yes, there is a link. I have included it below. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance to you. Thank you. http://dtxinternational.com/images/manuals/Paragon_Lock_Safe/SKU7725,7750,7700ParaGuardWallSafeManual.pdf
No the shelves are not adjustable and the locking mechanism makes the center shelf just about worthless
It should have came with 2. If not call a locksmith.
7 inches between the 2 shelves.
Used to reset the pw. Open the safe, push the button, enter a new pw.
The safe doesn't have any kind of insulation/Fire retardent features except for the sheet rock surrounding it when installed. It doesn't have any fire rating in the instructions or literature that comes with the safe.
Yes, it has a key also.
No, it beeps on every button press and three time upon entering the correct code. Andrew
Noise level is probably a 5,but it does such a good job, i love it, has tons of power
yes,you can use it with or without the filterbag I perfered it with the bag which takes a long time to fill up ,it is messy without it ,still powerful.It has a powercord.
If you mean can you use it to suck up water, yes. Use the fiber or plastic strainer supplied, not a paper filter. Be sure to dump the water frequently but it does have a float inside to prevent ingesting water into the motor area. If using to vacuum dirt, leaves, etc., you can use it with the paper filter or bag. Keep away from pool to make sure it does not fall into the water. Water and electricity are a bad combination!
Yes you can but I haven't used it yet
10 inches. It has a two position brush- extended and retracted. It goes under furniture well.
I don't know about using a HEPA filter but this vacuum has VERY LITTLE SUCTION... So if your were to add the restriction inherent in sucking through a HEPA filter there would probably be NO SUCTION at all... Do not buy this vacuum if you want to actually vacuum... But it has great accessories you can hang on the wall!!!
It approximately reaches 1 meter and half if you joint all the wands together.
I have not used the attachment on shage or long pile. It is not easy to use on short carpet with the brush extended on the sweeper tool. I use mine on small jobs, like cob webs, small dry spills and duct work. It has awesome suction. I have three collies in the house and used it to clean up dog hair, but bag filled up very fast. It is a work horse and I would buy again. It is light enough for me to carry to each room. I use my sweeper for the carpet. Hope this helps.
The filter bag does not involve a ring. When using the bag you can not vacuum liquid. When using the vacuum without a bag liquid can be vacuumed with only the foam sleeve in place. To vacuum dry a cloth is placed over and around the foam sleeve. The ring is now required to hold the "reusable dry disc filter" in place . If that does not work, a elastic band is required. I think the vacuum comes with ring and elastic band. I don't have them and I only use the vacuum for dry pick up and with a bag.
Yes, to your first question. Outside the 'normal Shop Vac cartridge filter is a foam filter which just slips on. It is cleanable; thus reusable. This is a great vac and the only one we use.
I was always a solid Sot Tissue fan until the new "soft" paper came out. It's not a match to the old Scot, but it does the job without remaining behind in shreds as some of the cheaper one ply have. I will continue to buy it, but in fewer yearly shipments, as it is a great deal of paper to store.
Hello - Pam here from the Georgia-Pacific Consumer Response Center. This item has 550 sheets per roll.
The inner tube is 1 1/2 inches in diamter. The whole toilet paper roll is 4" x 4". I hope this helps.
Yes it does fit our standard TP holder fine!
They feel soft to me but maybe different for you.
Hello, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. There is 61.72 square feet per roll of the 19880/01.
They are the size of a standard toilet paper roll. Sorry I can't be more specific than that, we don't have any left.
I didn't notice a smell other than normal paper product smell. Which I consider mild/negligible/neutral. I stacked a bunch under the bathroom sink and the bathroom smells normal. With the cabinet door closed there hasn't been a build up of smell where the TP is stacked. I would consider this unscented with little out-gassing of chemical smells.
Standard
Thank you for your inquiry. The Envision is 4"- 2 ply sheets with 550 sheets per roll and 80 rolls per case. The Marathon is sold six rolls per case with 1000 sheets per roll and the sheets are 3.50"- 2 ply. Please contact us if you need any further assistance.
No, they are not facial quality. I have them in a dispenser in my kitchen and use them instead of rolls of paper towels.
Sure my dear here, is the stats Kimberly-Clark Kleenex 04442 1-Ply Slim fold Paper Towel, 11-19/32" Length x 7-1/2" Width, White (24 Packs of 90) you will need KIM06904 SLIM FOLD Dispenser. I purchase this is April 2013 I have two more packs left and it almost a year. Great Buy.
they are a nice cloth but I think they are stacked, not fan fold.
z shape
Yes, that's how they work. Follow the picture on the wrapper. It tells you exactly how to load them so they work right.
The whole case measurements are as follow: 15.5 H x 8.5 W x 13.5 L; it weighed 13lbs.
when I got mine there was twenty rolls to a box. I got two box's to save on shipping
Unscented.
the ones I got said yes right on the box
According to the Kimberly Clark website, each sheet is 4.1" x 4.0", so 16.4 sq inches per sheet. 16.4 x 550 sheets = 9020 sq inches. Divide by 144 inches (square foot), and you get 62.638 square feet. It's a generous roll, it lasts as long as the cheap stuff you buy in the grocery store, but it's a much better quality product, in my opinion. I buy 80 rolls at a time, and it lasts 3-5 months in our house (2 people).
Yes all individually wrapped. Not the softest paper but I have gotten used to it.
Mine measures 4 1/8"
the rolls are individually wrapped and all placed in a giant rectangle box.
packages of four
It said on the package safe for sewer and septic
Can you tell me exactly what you mean by how long to dissolve? Do you have a septic system? Is it a wiping question?
Color/design is grey screened flowers and the height is approximately 2"
2"x4.75"x8.8"
Unscented.
8-25/64" length by 8-3/16"
8"7/8 X 4"6/8
They seem to be two ply to me. I don't have a problem with the thickness of the tissues.
.009 (14.99 divided by 12 = 1.29/box..divided by 125 = .009 cents per sheet)
It is gray
No
Unit does not lock; the door slides from side-to-side exposing 1-roll at a time.
Yes it does. I purchased 6 of them and have been using the Costco tp
In this case there is literally no path through the center of the roll. Their rolls are designed to be used only with the Kimberly Clark dispensers that grab the sides of the roll.
No. Most machines that hold this can be set to different lengths, so the cutter is on the machine.
YES IT DOES ALL THE WAY TO THE OTHER SIDE.
It should, but I'm not positive about that.
Sorry, dont know
As previous reviewer stated, yes, but it's just a basic one. If you lose key provided, a screwdriver or other small, flat instrument will suffice.
it definitely fits standard toilet paper rolls, and comes with an attachment for industrial rolls with the smaller diameter center. not sure about double rolls though.
very simple. you can use a rod for regular paper or special paper. i used for regular.
any standard tissue (i use angelsoft purchased through amazon) or coreless, commercial tissue. it comes with spindle attachments for both kinds.
Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Disodium Cocoamphodiacetate, Citric Acid, PEG-80 Sorbitan Laurate, Polyquaternium-10, Propylene Glycol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone
Yes. I've reused them in the past.
Yes it says that it does; has a fresh scent and does not dry out hands
needs water
I use it on my hands. I guess it could be used on other areas but I've never tried it.
Each has it's own dispenser.
i would not use it without water
Yes, the dispenser works with the 6.6 Dispenser Refill This is my favorite... http://www.amazon.com/TimeMist-Metered-Fragrance-Dispenser-334701TMCA/dp/B00061MWEU/ref=pd_sim_op_4?ie=UTF8&refRID=0P6XXRCDR99SQYTPASXG
Spray interval is adjustable to a number of times per hour, spraying every 7.5, 15, or 30 minutes. The same amount is dispensed at every spray. A time period can be set to have the Dispenser operate or have the Dispenser off. Example: 5:00pm to 6:00am every day, heavy spray, every 15 minutes.
well hubby had a hard time with it also...and when he did figure it out the thing didn't work. It had no power to spray the can. By the time I realized it it was too late to send back so i threw it away....
I don't know for sure, but since it comes with 6.2 oz. canisters, 7.7 oz. sounds like it would be a tough fit.
Tp Beth The refills last about a month
Yes, you'll need 2 C batteries.
I have had the same issues myself. Kinda have up.
I just searched under the topic Timemist refills and found a lot of possibilities. I ordered the ones that were Yankee Candle refills. Sorry I don't remember the item or can number.
I've had such bad luck with this product in many areas including the can of mist. It doesn't always spray even doing it manually.
I simple use a step drill and put a 1" hole where the injection spur is and use a silicone bung to seal the hole after refilling it. They will take 3-4 refills before the foaming part poops out...
I can't tell you specifically....but I do daycare with 6 to 7 kids every day that use the soap, and 2 adults. It lasts between 4 and 5 weeks for us. It works great for daycare so the kids can get their own soap, but only dispenses so much and not wasted.
No it doesn't. I ordered this refill because it appeared as a "Frequently Bought Together" item when I bought the LTX dispenser but had to return it because it didn't fit. If you scroll down to the full product description you'll see that it reads: "The dispenser accepts GOJO 1916-02, 1911-02, and 1912-02 1200mL foam hand wash refills (sold separately)." Those are the ones that fit. Amazon accepted the return without any problem but they need to tweak their software to catch these sorts of product recommendation misfits.
No-just pull the lever & be sure it is seated properly. Presume you put the batteries in it? Give GOJO customer service a call, or email them, they are quite helpful.
yes, the different dispensers are color-coded and this one takes the soap with the grey colored collar.
Yes it will.
I would say yes you can, however if you need to use it in a different type dispenser why not purchase the refill? you would be destroying the bottle to pour it into "your dispenser" . I am using in in the motion dispenser in my office and it works fine.
It fits the TFX dispenser I do not know about the SSS dispenser.
I don't know about that soap but this soap is pretty good. The orange anti bacterial is good too.
no
It works great and replaces a similar vac that plumb wore out. It uses bags which at first i thought was not good, but after using it in y shop i found it makes sense and also - plenty of suction. makes disposal easy. I say go for it
it is a blower type as well &#128077;
No it does not come with a turbo head nozzle attachment, I have not used it to vacumn a room, but have used it in concentrated area's that have carpet and it does a good job. As for food I would think it would depend on the food product and size. I like the unit very much and have used it quite a bit in my home, no regrets buying it.
NO. the unit has a plastic bracket that fits the back flat side to the wall. yu will need to get longer screws if securing to drywall and a stud. it a compact unit and good sucks great in tight spaces. great unit for the price. iron brian
18 feet! It is a great little vac.
All you need to do is flip the lever on the same head you use for hard wood or any type of tiles. Hope this helps!
If by bag you mean the disposable one that looks like a regular vac bag--yes. I only use the foam filter. I still love it, but like all I do wish the hose was stronger, it's not awful, just not as hardy you would think a shop vac would use.
It seems super powerful, I use it in surgery to vacuum up pet hair, litter, sand, etc. really does the job.
Shop-Vac 90660, Type LL, 4-Gallon All-around EZ Collection Bag.
I wouldn't. Just personal preference, but isn't ash better off in a metal container?
I should know. My dishwasher flooded first. Then the washer. I'm in a rental property and thank goodness for the Shop-Vac. Seriously.
I don't know for sure but I certainly can't see why it wouldn't work.
It is quitter than my other Shop-Vacs, but it still makes noise .All in all I would buy it again.
where is the chart
yes. you can plug in to vac or blow on opposite sides of the unit. Had mine a year, no complaints.
This Shop-Vac was designed with the use of a bag. Short cuts most of the time have a poor result. This is the best little Shop-Vac on the market. I use mine everyday.
Below is the response i received from Shop Vac when i inquired earlier about for filters for this Shop Vac 5895100. The foam sleeve is #9058500 costing $5.69 for wet pick up. You must add a filter over the foam sleeve for dry pick up. You may use the reusable dry filter disc #9010700 (filter retaining ring #3006500 is included) costing $5.79, the #9013700 reusable disc filters only (no retaining ring) for $4.99, or the Dacron cloth filter bag #9011500 costing $9.39. The Super Performance Disc Filter #9011300 sells for $12.09 each. (You can wash the above filters a couple of times with warm mild soapy water, then rinse with clear water. Let them dry completely before reusing.) The #9010200 cloth filters are priced at $6.59. These collection bags below will fit the little 1.5 Gallon units: The 906-67-00 Type "A" All Around bags for $7.39 will fit the 1.5 gallon models. We add a $6.00 handling fee to completed orders. You may order by calling our toll free number (877)236-5750 with any major credit card. You may mail an order to Shop-Vac Corp. Attn: Order Entry. 2323 Reach Rd., Williamsport, PA 17701, along with a check, money order or any major credit card. You can also find these bags on our web site @ www.shopvac.com. Just click on the Filters/Accessories heading, then on the next screen in the far left column click on "Most Popular". Just scroll down until you see the 9066700 collection bags. You may also order the #9066700 collection bags at the Special Order Desk in Lowe's. They will fax the order to Shop Vac, the order will be processed and shipped directly back to Lowe's for you to pick up. You would pay Lowe's pricing. You will find some of our filters and accessories at your local Ace, True Value, Lowe's, Do-It-Best Hardware stores, Wal-Mart, K-Mart, Target, and Menards. You can also try our web site at: www.shopvac.com and look under the Filters/Accessories heading. The regular business hours for Shop Vac Corporation Customer Service is Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Eastern Time. You may contact Customer Service by dialing toll free 877-236-5750; please reference Ticket Number if applicable. Email communications will receive a response within a timely manner.
I don't remember it being hot. I would only worry if it was hot by the motor or plug. I have 2, been using for years without a problem.
It's got good suction........if your trying to suck up water on a large carpet it will take time due to the nozzle is only 6 inches wide.......
I wouldn't recommend it for wetvac. It has rather low suction and the bag/canister is not set up for liquid.
I love mine, but it is anything but quiet. I have this little one in the garage and a full size shop vac in the basement but honestly there is not much difference in the loudness. It is a shop vac and they are not canister vacs for sure.
I only use it outdoors, it's impossible to keep the dust from blowing around, I just point out away from where I'm cleaning, one disadvantage of shop vacs, make sure your filters are clean and bag is kept before 3/4 full and at least you won't be blowing the dust you've just sucked up back into the floor. with a little ingenuity you could make a short hose and zip tie a little high flow filter element, maybe like a lawn mower filter, but it would have to show high volume and you'd have to clean it too. Does the floor attachment fit, turn it face up, Still need a filter.
The vacuum came with three tools. A crevice tool, a bristled brush and a hard surface brush without brushed. I have used all three without any harm done to the surface being cleaned. Surfaces cleaned were natural stone floor and a lacquered wood. Hope this is helpful.
I don't know you can carry it up the ladder it's better to go to Home Depot and lift some of them up before you buy
I wouldn't use them on anything other tan 12v.
Yes
It is extremely simple, just take the two wires (do not strip them) insert one wire in one end, and the other wire in the other side, then take pliers or something similar and compress the metal tab down. This penetrates the insulation of both wires and creates a connection between the two.
Yes, but there are different sizes depending on the wire size. The red quick splice is for small wire but there are also yellow and blue. Usually blue is what is used with car.
There are 25 in the bag.
The installed size (after the clip is closed) is approximately 2 cm X 1.5 cm X 1 cm. Also note that this is not exactly a "splice" in the sense of joining two wires end to end. It is a "tap." One wire passes through the device and another wire is joined to the main wire through the second hole. The metal clip cuts the insulation on the pass-through wire and the single wire, making an electrical bridge between the two. The end result is that all wires connected by a single device are electrically joined. The result resembles a "Y" after the joint is made. Two wires come out one end and a single wire comes out the other end.
I would not recommend that for the long term. Better to strip and twist a wire nut of the appropriate size and if putting it back into a space that will not be seen for awhile TAPE.
Yes
It should work ok but be sure to spread open the connector gently because the plastic breaks easily.
In summary, the 9650600 is for "home" use and the 9650610 is for "commercial" use. I pulled the following info from ShopVac's site: Specs (9650600, 9650610): Cord Length: (6ft, 12ft) Operation Sound Level: (Super Quiet, Quiet) Hose Size: (1.25" Dia, 1.25" Dia) Warranty: (3 yr, 1 yr) Air Flow: (140 CFM, 143 CFM) Peak Air Watts: (230, 240) Onboard Accessory Storage (9650610 only) Electrical Rating: 120@60Hz, 8.2 Amps (same) Lock-on Hose (same) Blower Feature (same)
This section is for questions. Might be best to move this to the reviews so that it's helpful for folks.
Yes. It is on a tether and you normally leave it loosely attached. It includes a small filter canister, though it's not clear how the air is distributed when the cap is on (some comes from openings around the top). It's a nice unit and easy to use but you might want to buy a floor attachment since the one that comes with it is designed for wet use.
Yes
I don't really know what a tree nut is? But the vac is handy to pickup anything that fits the hose for me as well as drywall dust from sanding.
My answer would be no. You might be able to vacuum up excess water in the carpet but you'd need something else to accomplish the actual shampooing.
I don't use the paper bag and it works fine.
Somewhat. Personally I'd get a more powerful unit. This is pretty weak.
Well, my handyman got tired of all the needles tracked in from the cedars and vacuumed linoleum and carpet, albeit a very low nap carpet. It worked as well as my vacuum cleaner.
No
Are you trying to put the main hose on?
My guess is cubic feet per minute. I would use a leaf blower
Make sure the 6.5 motor have power because mine is on the storage due to the low sucking power on the motor maybe 3.5, by the time I used it was to late to return it. Good luck!
Don't know, I've never used it for that type of cleanup. Mary
90107 90137 - Dry Filter 90305 90350 90340 - Cartridge 90662 90672 - Filter Bag Off label on Vac Phone 370-326-3557 S T U X W F I
Not true ed
It might kill some of them, but the strong ones will survive and they will seek revenge against you when you are sleeping.
It is certainly not 17 pounds - much closer to 7 or 8 pounds. The vacuum is excellent and so happy with the purchase.
A little over 1.5" diameter at the opening -- the end where you would then attach the "crevice tool" or other nozzle
Nothing available (kit) that I know of. A little ingenuity and some inexpensive casters could offer a solution. It is a good vac with plenty of power. I actually purchased it because it did not have wheels. Good Luck.
The bag's opening has a cardboard collar that slides down into a slot inside the chamber, then the lid and the hose end hold it in place. The bag is what you will need for fine dust like the coal ash. But you can also vacuum coarser materials with no bag using just the conical filter.
No wheels. No room for wheels I don't believe. But vacuum is great for the price.
It would work but you would be constantly emptying it. The capacity of the canister is not designed for that type of application. You may want to look into buying a STIHL or other brand of yard vacuum that would be designed for yard work like you described.
No, it's not just for construction sites but also it is NOT for carpets or wood floors on a regular basis as a household vacuum. We do use it for heavy duty clean up in basements etc., water clean up and major heavy work.
The suction is truly stunning. I think it would work really well for picking up dog hairs.
I would not try to suck the leaves out, would be better to blow them out. Might take a leave blower to do that. Would not recommend using with out a filter as it would get trash in the motor and shorten its life.
Yes it will all grinders in the 41/2 are all universal
My husband says he's used them for cutting metal of up to 1 inch in thickness with no trouble. Just be aware that the thicker and wider the material, the more wheels you may have to go through to complete your cut. He said he's gone through 1" thick, 3" wide flat stock with one wheel. Hope this helps. :)
They Are Cut Off Wheels, Not Grinding Wheels. You Cut With The Edge Of Them.
Yes they are but discs that small are usually used with a die grinder with a special arbor that the company Gator makes but are also sold by other manufacturers as well
Absolutely. Depending on thickness. 1/4-3/8 Should be no problem.
mine did not come with a pump so I went old school and blew it up manually with my mouth...it was hard but after a few mins it was fully inflated
I wld go with slightly smaller orange one I have the biggest one the red one I am 5'4 and tho I love it for many uses its a little big for me
Thank you for contacting School Specialty. The weight limit for this ball chair is 270 lbs.
Thank you for your question. Yes the 29.5 (75cm) chair is the recommended ball for adults and in office settings. It can take a little time to get used to, but helps work on posture control, core balance and many other features.
Yes. Mine is an XL2200RS.
looks like the one i purchased but check the specs on amazon when you pull up the item to be sure.
I really do not know. It did fit my old XL model, but did not fix the problem. I believe the XL Platinum Pilot is a totally different and newer model. Sorry I couldn't help, good luck.
I couldn't say. We have an XL2, and it fits just fine.
Most likely since I would assume the differences among various "Oreck XL" versions are probably cosmetic.
I own the oreck Type 4 HL2800H2 and it works in my vacuum. Hope that helps you
sorry, no data. check the specs on amazon for this item. usually it tells you what machines it's compatible with.
Yes it does!!!
Sorry I do not know.
On my Oreck vacuum the roller is 10 1/4" overall with the bristles section being 9 1/2". There are 5 screws holding the bottom plate on that require a 2" long+/- #2 Phillips-head screwdriver. There's a cover on the left side of the housing whose removal permits easy access to the belt for removal and installation.
In electrical theory, there is no reason it can't be.. It's just a simple toggle switch that is in the remote control. A common/ground switched remote system should work great with this winch. There is very little current on the ground side.. almost 30 amps on positive side under load. When I get time I'm planning on doing the same, It sucks you have 30ft of winch cable, and only about 12 of control cable... Warn should really the same winch with built in wireless control.
99 % sure china.
It is not set up for an ATV. If you are at all a tinker I'm sure you could set it up that way. But it would still be easier to buy one made for that purpose
It works supper nice,little bit tight on the side pull but ok
No it holds good.
I use the winch that I bought for that purpose and it does not given me any problems but regarding its safety I think I am in no position to answer that .. Check the manual
Yes. It is reversible - It runs both in and out - all controlled by the hand switch which toggles one way or the other.
Yes, it can be power realed in as well as out.
I have this winch on my Polaris Sportsman, The winch mounts low and I have had lots of problems with water and corrosion. It is a good powerful unit just not good for wet location.
Used to clean your teeth. According to the company the liquid is made with RAW Honey and organic natural flavoring contains saponified organic extra virgin olive oil, organic coconut oil, distilled water, organic raw honey and organic natural flavoring. Works great! Wouldn't be without it.
I originally chose this tooth soap because I read an article written by a lady who used it along with another all natural product and she said when she went for her dental checkup her dentist told her whatever she was using to care for her teeth to keep it up. I don't remember the other product she uses with it as a follow up but she said she was already suing the other product but saw amazing results when she added to tooth soap and after reading some of reviews from others who tried it, I thought I would try it. My 14yr old loves it and I no longer have to buy toothpaste. She only uses the tooth soap and when she went for her checkup there were no problems and her teeth were a little cleaner with using the tooth soap than toothpaste. I actually never heard of using coconut oil for toothpaste so I will have to look into that one but I do use it mainly on my hair as a conditioner mixed in with some other products and it works wonders. Hopes this helps.
It came with each bottle individually wrapped in bubble wrap, with paper to protect the bottles from moving, inside a taped up box. I hope that helps you!
No it does not contain SLS, added glycerin, stabilizers, preservatives, silicates, or fluoride. Check out FAQs on there website http://www.toothsoap.com/faqs/ for further info.
Give me a call (505) 503-4455, I know a guy.
I just got one and it leaked out the hole in the back. I found the problem to be the way the tank was molded. The ribs in the tank shrink more during the molding process, so the area where the round rubber seal hits the tank isn't flat, hence the leak. I bought some epoxy for plastic and put it in the grooves where the seal hits. That seems to have stopped the leak even with a full tank of water. The epoxy cost about $6 at hardware. After the epoxy started to harden, I scraped off excess and the sanded with fine sandpaper to make smooth. It took 1/2 hr to do but worth the effort. I hope this helps someone that is frustrated with the unit.
I love my machine. I have used it on tile, but because of the brushes it did not have a good seal for suction. No big deal. It does a great job scrubbing. You will just have to run a mop lightly across it at the end to get the little bit of water that is left. I highly recommend it.
Yes! It has the hose and one attachment that works great!! The suction is great;)
I used a solution of 1/2 cup white vinegar 1 cup warm water 1 teaspoon dawn dish soap
product descr says 21 lbs. Add 1 gallon or more of water to that. Not much actually, if you do not have to lift it.. for cleaning stairs .. or if you have your rooms in levels. Not a deciding factor at all in my opinion.
Serena, go on you tube under this particular piece of junk. I went to a site selling this and there were tons of 3/4/5 stars all happy....well, that's because people run to their computers when the product is brand new and puts on a great show. After but a few uses this Hoover leaks out the black water, the brush quits working and turns quickly into junk. There were many,many complaints with the same problems, plus mechanical ones some of the men posters bragged about knowing how to fix, but if you are a woman forget it. This did the best job I ever saw the first few times, then soaked my carpet to the point of ruin. There should be a class action recall or refund on this, instead we let Hoover get buy with making and selling this piece of trash. Don't feel alone, check out all the cover up Hoover does to pretend they only get 5 stars......yeah, from new purchasers if you notice. Hoover would not let me make a 2nd comment...but boy, I have nothing nice to say about it. Out of desperation just purchased their Dual Power Max, it has a different brush system and it, too, stinks and is going back. Unfortunately Bissell has that stupid bladder system and soon wasn't worth a dime. I am resorting to the fact homebuyers are subject so bad design and corrupt products so the manufacturers can keep making money with repurchasing. Not just Hoover but many products from wall cleaners on down will put on a great show at first then water down after it is on the market for even a short while. Again, check it out on You Tube.
Yes
I use the hand held attachment all the time to spot clean the carpet. It seems to do a good job!
Yes mine are marked the same way.
ball bearings
It's rigid. Fits the shaft well and there is no "slop". Also, the setscrew allows you to mount the bearing firmly to the shaft, and the zerk fitting allows you to grease it with a regular grease gun. This is a very well made pillow bearing. I'm very pleased with them!
It's just one. They are a very good bearing and housing, though.
Honestly, I wish that I had asked the same question you're asking before I bought the master kit. I could've done without the additional accessories, truthfully I'll prob never use them. If you're just looking for the jig with the clamp, the adjustable counter sink drillbit, and the 6" long square head driver bit for your drill (which is all you really need in my opinion) spare yourself the extra money and get the regular kit. You can go to the Kreg Tool website and order the additional accessories if you want later (you'll get a brochure and dvd with ads for all the accessories anyway).
I do a lot of wood working and This jig set will go 1/2 up. I have not seen the "micro" version but this jig set will save you a lot of time and make building a lot easier and faster. just make sure to practice with some scrap wood and don't rush your project. Make sure you get the proper screws for hard or soft wood and the proper depth for the wood you are working with. and above all enjoy and have fun
It will drill holes in anything. Probably not metal or brick:) Using pocket holes in particle board depending on the stress on the joint may not be a great idea. But it will drill the hole and you can put a screw in that hole and tighten it.
Kreg tool Co. Is in Huxley, Iowa. Some materials are imported, but they package and put it together here in the US.
I highly recommend the kreg jig screws. They're self tapping and hold extremely well while not splitting the wood. Regular screws would not work as well do to the fact that the kreg jig only drills an initial hole and nothing into the second board. They are also well priced through amazon.
Depends on what type of projects you are trying to accomplish. I have been a little disappointed in my kreg jig honestly. It is good for joining 1x dimensional lumber but not good in joining 1x to 2x or 2x to 2x. Id imagine if you went smaller than 1x, it would provide very little strength to joints. The master system gives you a few bells and whistles like the clamp but you're fine saving a few bucks and going with another if you wanted.
You get 10 each of 5 different sizes of screws for a total of 50 screws. What size screw you use will depend on what your job is. The screws range from 1-inch to 2 1/2-inches for hard (oak) and soft (pine) woods. Bottom line, if you have a very small job, there may be enough screws, but I would say that it is most likely that you will need to buy extra screws of the appropriate size for your job.
I haven't owned the JR but it appears to be duplicates of whats in the K4MS.
I was also considering both the K4 and K5 kits and eventually purchased the K4. The face clamp included with the K4 is a quality tool, and is essential to ensuring a flush joint - it also doubles as the clamp to hold the jig securely to your work surface while drilling the pocket holes. It is not included with the K5, so that's an additional $18-20 purchase.
It does, it's the gray one, but keep in mind it only has room for the system, the clamp that comes with it does not fit inside the case.
THAT is why I bought the machine. My late dog Beau used the living room as his own private vomitorium and toilet. Some of those stains were several years old as my old machine had broken. I used double strength solution (4 capfuls per fill up versus the 2 capfuls the manufacturer recommended). The machine got the stains out in about two passes of the machine. This thing DEEP cleans. The coffee colored dirty water proved this to me. I highly recommend it. I used to town the Bissell upright vacuum type cleaner which did a passable job, but died after a couple of years. I'm hoping this machine will stand the test of time. Good luck.
It has 2, you examine the parts list which clearly shows 2.
Rug Doctor is not even near the same level as the Bissell Big Green Machine. We use to rent a Rug Doctor, with frustration due to wet carpet for hours and hours and hours. Over a day. The Bissell cleans forward and back. Cleans 50 times better and the carpets are dry within 2hrs. In fact they are not soaked like rug doctor leaves the carpet, using less water. Our carpets look like new again from Bissell Big Green. So rug doctor is no comparison. Don't waste your money on one. Buy the Bissell Big Green. You will not be disappointed.
The cleaner is excellent and takes out almost stain. A little goes a long way. Plus why void the warranty with anything else?
I have had both. You can read my reviews; five stars for Bissell and one for Hoover. Not only is the Hoover lower grade plastic, but it also has a computer which malfunctions after a number of uses. Bad design!
I had the same question as well, so I called Bissell directly. I was told that the "-8" or "-2" denotes what chain of retailers it is sold at. There also may be a difference in user manuals either being bilingual or not bilingual.
hello My research before I purchased the 86t3, trying to see what the difference was. This is what I found the 10N2 has a commercial warranty. When I look at the parts list for both machines. The 86t3comes with a hose kit which plugs into the top of the machine and allows you to do stairs and furniture, etc. The 10n2 does not come with the hose kit standard equipment. Other than that the parts list for both machines are identical. I bought the 86T3and it works very well. I can only assume that there would not be a difference in their performance.
I've owned 3 different carpet cleaners over the years. I can say without hesitation the Big Green is FAR superior. This was way out of our price range but after doing research & reading all the reviews, we decided to go for it. It was worth it!! This will be the last carpet cleaner we will ever have to buy. I know you will be just as happy and impressed as I am. Watch/ search for a good sale price. Ours went on sale black Friday for &299 good luck!!
Yes with a 2000 watt step down converter which is what I use. I live in Australia and our power here is 220v
No, you have to use hot water ... I can tell you that this machine is great . I have a cleaning business and we are using this carpet extractor for small spaces and work like a big machine
It can be attached to wood & then rest on floor. I attached it to my recliner & it works great!
Nothing too big really. I think I used some # 6 or #8 wood screws. It has a variety of different size holes drilled in it which makes it pretty handy.
It doesn't matter as far as the lazy susan is concerned. which side goes first and second determines that. One side has easy access screws and you fasten that side first. then you have to have a hole through the piece it is fastened to which lines up with the hole in the lazy susan. you position the second side on the lazy susan snd turn the already attached side so the thru hole lines up with the screw holes one at a time and fasten the second side.
I would say so. The bearing is very thin so I wouldnt think it would cause any issues with weight distribution. For the price I would be very willing to try it. I used it on a display rack of similar size.
Paul, I purchased this device for that same purpose, but found that the unit is so thin that whatever bolts I used (and they have to be substantial to support the weight of a rocker/recliner) had heads that were so thick that they would bind on the opposite side of the lazy-susan. There may be thinner bolts that will give you the strength you need, but I couldn't find any. I went with a thicker one made of heavier steel.
Probably. The only problem I found with the unit is that it's so thin, the screws you use to attach it to the two opposing surfaces (cushion & base, I suppose) need to have extremely thin heads - otherwise they rub on the opposite/inner side of the Lazy Susan. It's plenty strong. If you buy, be careful of the inner edges during installation, as they are razor sharp.
even though it is rated at 1000 pounds, this turntable is more for smaller applications (like a food dish) than a large item like a motorbike. It might be able to hold the weight but it is only about 1 foot across so might not be that stable.
I purchased 2 of the lazy Susans for our 55 inch TV. I mounted one between the floor and the TV stand and another between the TV and the stand. We can swivel both or either the TV and or the stand. We need this to accommodate being able to watch and control the TV while working out on various items of exercise equipment. This works great and meets our needs 100 %. I see no reason why it would not work well for you also. It is a bit tricky to install but well worth a bit of effort. Good luck. Frank Derksen
I don't think it would work for a vertical wheel. The bearings are aligned to carry horizontal weight. I forget what they are called but something like a large thrust bearing could work well for what you described.
no they are not sealed
I returned the item shortly after trying to do the same thing as you. It worked, but not very well. It did swivel, but the motion wasn't smooth like you'd prefer it to be. I don't believe it was a weight issue (I'm 5'9" 185 lbs), but rather a design issue. By design, the lazy Susan rotates on a perimeter ball bearing track...whereas a proper chair swivel "swivels" from a single point in the center. I found a number of web retailers that carried recliner chair swivels. Turns out, most chairs have a standard base design, so it was quite easy to swap out the feet on my chair with a swivel that fit perfectly. Now, instead of rotating on a track, the chair spins on an axis.
This bearing has no off set. Its machined out of a single pc, and relies on the little plastic feet for offset between the two sides. I pulled all the little feet out, continued drilling the holes through, and used spacers/washers to create the gaps needed for movement, and clearance for nuts n bolts etc... It seems to carry load pretty well. my application is on a printing press that hold a large carousel about 100 lbs, and a continuous added pressure of 20 - 30 lbs. I wouldn't be able to comment on what force it would handle in a shearing, or lifting situation. All in all if you're handy you should be able to make it work, and the only negetive I would have ( other than the flat/ no offset ) would be that because it's cut from one pc, theres actually some spots that it wants to bind up in rotation due to the cut not being perfectly round. Under load tho this doesnt have a huge impact on function. Hope this is helpful at all. Good luck
What do u mean by thick?
I believe it will be fine. I would use some dry silicone spray to help with moisture but the aluminum should hold up well.
21-1/2"
Howdy I purchased 8 of these a few months back, with the single purpose of supporting and spinning a 400lb load. (Spun at only 12RPM tho) All but one worked great. Due to their larger size and smaller overall material, they did "adapt" to shipping influences and egged-out. (A quick few strategic bounces on a concrete floor got them back into the ballpark where minor bench manipulation completed the re-rounding of them. Other item to note (at least for us it was), the ball bearings were greased with a thick grease that actually attracted and held small particles and waste. Minor objects got lodged in the system, stopping many of the turntables. A quick wash-out of the grease (and replacement with a thinner lube) made everything happy. They can easily do a couple hundred pounds more than I put them thru. Hope this helps.
Only 110.
According to the Multi-Floor Plus Hard Floor Cleaning Solution the Hoover MaxExtract 77 came with, it says it can be used on tile, linoleum, laminate, marble, and sealed hardwood.
I have arthrits, and I have not had any problem using this cleaner. It is a great carpet cleaner :-)
No! I didn't really find it very noisy at all - not any noisier than a vacuum cleaner.
I haven't really lbeen happy with my max extract since I got it. I really don't think it will work on concrete at all.
You betcha! I have white tiles with black grout in my kitchen and with a mop the grout gets grayish, but with this shampooer in hard floor mode my 14-yr old grout and tile looks like new.
Check the two spring loaded valves on the bottom of the canister. One may be stuck open. Try pushing them up to reseat them. The tank must be fully inserted into the top of the unit until there is a loud click sound at the release lever.
We have only used it once on the floors. We have a vacuum with a special floor attachment and one of those swiffer type mops. It is a lot easier to use the swiffer than to get the machine all ready to go. It worked well but it just isn't something we will do often. We will probably use it 2 to 3 times a year for a deep clean. Follow the instructions to make sure you don't scratch your floor and go slow to start.
It comes with a hard floor squeegee attachment. It works on my tile and manufactured wood floor.
The carpet is warm immediately after running steam vac over the area being cleaned, due to the warm/hot water in the dispenser; however, if you walk away, it will probably be cooled down when you go back. I always ensure I run over the clean area without engaging the release of cleaner to ensure that the carpet isn't saturated, which allows for quicker drying. Hope this answers you question.
158117 has the red button. 158116 does not.
Yes They work fine
I can't give you a part number, but it is the "standard" bracket sizing that most older housings fit. Manufacturers seem to be going towards proprietary mounts, housings, filter cartridges, but I used these to replace "standard" 10-inch housings that had cracked after 15 years and subjected to a pressure regulator failure.
117 has a button on top to relieve pressure when servicing the filter. Other than that no difference.
No
YES
DuPont Tyvek Flashing Tape comes in roll of 4" w x 75' L
The carpenters applied the tape but estimating the lengths applied, I think 75' is the correct number.
5.25"
This seems to be a very well made tool and is graduated to allow readings down to 0.0001". I am not sure I would trust it to be real accurate to such dimensions. Your touch would have to be better than mine to feel confident to readings less than 0.001. - Chet
made in china
No it doesn't.
Very accurate. Good for any on.
Hi, I don't have the original size information, but my handy ruler gives me these dimensions: Total Length: 3 1/8" (From end of insert shaft to bottom of roller) Insert Shaft Length: 7/8" Insert Shaft Diameter: 7/16" Roller Wheel Diameter: 2" Roller Wheel Width: 1 3/4" Hope this helps. The Doobster
You probably need to use rubber wheels not the plastic ones....just an idea.
Yes. No issues since I've been using them on laminate floor.
We are sorry but at this time we do not carry that type of caster. Thank you for your inquiry.
Please contact us through your Amazon.com Buyers account directly with your order number so we can help you with your request. Otherwise we will not have access to your order information. Thanks a lot.
They are black and work great on my tiled home office floor.
I measured one of mine and got 7.5-9.5mm depending on where on the shaft I measured so I'd say 10mm is about right. By the way, it's been 3 years now and the wood floor looks like new. No marks from the wheels and the wheels are holding up well.
I'm using them successfully on regular floor tiles.
It would be difficult. A chrome metal stud is mounted in the middle of the wheel. Pulling with some force might start the disassebly process. I don't think it was designed to be disassembled.
If you are asking about the diameter of the 'post' part that goes into the chair, it's 3/8 inch
It's not brass (feels like pvc), but the threads fit perfectly.
If it is a screw in type
I don't know the thread size, but if it help you that I use it for my outdoor standard sillcock faucet for 2 years now? I use Teflon tape & this is so far the best I got for my outside faucet. I replace it every Spring.
no, it had the parts to fix my broken faucet
yes- those dimentions are the same.
Yes
It would take awhile but sure. Its only about 3 inches wide.
Plastic
It's rigid, but jointed and twists from straight to 90-degree angle. Hope this helps.
The diameter is 1 1/4 inch.
The brush is 4 1/2 inches.
Works great! That's the reason I purchased a new one when I lost the original. It grabs the hair off of any fabric or upholstery and doesn't damage the fabric or upholstery.
I'm not exactly the Grommet Whisperer, But I've had much better luck with the old-school hammer solution than the cheap plier-style. Like this http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004Y68Y?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creativeASIN=B00004Y68Y&linkCode=xm2
I would say no. The barrel length of the grommet is only 3/16 long and my guess is between you chain width and wallet thickness these grommets will be too small. Are there larger/longer grommets available?
Sorry this is the only size we have this available in. Thank you
this product is par from below.....I used it once and I threw it in the trash....Does this answer your question?
You can coat the wood shelf with the epoxy to add strength but we recommend painting it after the epoxy is cured. Kilz is a great paint for bathrooms. Thank you.
I'm afraid so, there is no UV stabilizer in it. It won't yellow terribly, but if you need true clear, buy a more expensive kind with UV stuff in it
what is wrong with your pool slide? what exactly are you planning to do with this product?
No
yes
I've used this product on my artwork and it doesn't scratch.
It will scratch it just won't scratch as easily. I wouldn't use it as a cutting board. But as Bar top finishes go it is excellent.
Yes it does scratch, but not easily. The only way that I would know how to fix would be to put another layer on top of the old.
A 5 gallon kit should do.
I used this product to seal the floor in my bathroom. I lay pennies on the floor and poured this over the top just slightly higher than the coins. It came our like glass and required no sanding. I was careful not the shake the product to keep out all the bubbles. Good luck!
Yes. 1st coat brushed into groove on all sides let setup 30 min. then just pour to surface level with new batch of epoxy. this time 24hrs then check level may need one more to fill in low spots.
Almost anything except super corrosive solvents that are designed to remove the finish. Once cured the finish is bulletproof. You can use car wash, 409, Windex, etc.
Yes it should. Used to build boats. And I've also used it to make some plastic repairs inside a swimming pool filter dystem
It depends on your thickness. A totally smooth surface will also take less because you aren't having to make it thick enough to cover the bumps. How smooth is your plywood? Typically, 2 gallons (total) does about 60 square feet for a countertop so you could be looking at 12 gallons. At a 2:1 ratio, that would be 8:4. But that might be too thick.
Yes It would but polyester resin much cheaper would probably work also for auto work. But this is a top quality product that I continue to buy
It is better quality, self levels and sets up very nicely. For what I did, it was exactly what I needed
I put down about a layer 40" by 10" ,1/8 thik. That took about 16oz.
The epoxy will seal into porous substances no problem you will have to do it in layers over a couple of days. My only concern would be leaching from the epoxy itself for that you would need the MSDS sheets. If you contact the folks at AreoMarine they will get it for you very friendly group of people.
absolutely! I laminate kayak paddles with this product as well as seal the finished product with a coat or two. If gluing wood where it will not be visable you can even add a little sawdust to the mixture to thicken it some and ad strength and quicker drying time.This paste is used in making kayaks and I add dust to the laminates when I make a paddle.They call it woodflour.
Our 300/21 epoxy has 100% solids with no solvents. It will adhere to polyurethane foam, polystyrene, and Styrofoam without dissolving the foams. Thank you.
This resin can be used with certain types of fiberglass. The only one that you need to avoid is chopped glass. As long as it is a woven glass there will be no compatibility issues.
If you mixture is correct, and the weather is warm, the resin will probably harden sufficiently within 24 hours. However, you can anticipate it to turn yellow because of sunlight.
Did it go below freezing maybe during shipping or in storage
If you rough up the Bondo a bit and wipe it down with acetone the epoxy should adhere very well. Thank you.
never tried it but i doubt if any epoxy resin will mix well with any paint. would probably work on floors, but wouldn' t be practical, there are better and much cheaper alternatives
If the new metal was roughened on the inside so there was a real textured surface to grab it may work ok but any flex or stress will likely cause de-lamination, if you can use rivets also it should work fine.
Our 1.5 gallon kit will cover 13 square feet with no waste. For further coverage questions please call toll-free at 1(877)342-8860. Thank you.
Eileen - it is certainly possible, but only if you are able to move the wood so it is flat and level. This epoxy is far too viscous to apply it vertically as you could with a wood putty. Here is an example of how I encased a U-bolt inlayed into the bowplate of a canoe I built: http://i.imgur.com/t2hfEF9h.jpg Good luck!
What type of spray poly would be used? The epoxy can go up to approximately 225 degrees F for short periods of time. It would not work well on a fire pit table. For further questions or concerns please call toll-free at 1(877)342-8860. Thank you.
I have poured very small amounts (2"x2") as a molding epoxy, but only needed it to be about 3/8" thick. The product instructions say that 3/8" is about as thick as you should pour.I imagine that you could build it up to 1" as I built up thin (1/8") layers to achieve a total thickness of 1/4" on a tabletop.
We would be better able to answer this question with further information provided. Please call toll-free at 1(877)342-8860 so we can discuss this further. Thank you. -Jennifer
This product has not turned yellow but does scratch easily.
I would probably use a place mat of some sort. I have an epoxy top with pennies incased and it is over my bar. I have not set anything hot on it. I believe it would not damage it though once cured it is extremely hard. I put several coats of urethane over the epoxy to prevent chemicals from damaging it.
The gallon and a half kit will cover approximately 13 square feet at a 1/8 in. thickness.
I wouldn't iron clothes on it, but hot liquids won't hurt it. It's hard as a rock.
It is supposed to peel back easily, but I had difficulty getting it to do that initially. I ended up tearing the corner to get some purchase on the backing, after that it was easy.
It does state that it's 11 ml thick. Kinda hard to tell if that's right but this tape works great for me.
It probably would, but I think I would follow with a coating of flex-seal, or maybe try a coating of clear flex-seal first.
Yes It will but i do not recomend it for anything like a chair or anything your clothing would get in contact with because it is sticky and after wear it would get sticky.
I'm pretty sure it will work well on gutters. I've used it on garden carts which have been out all winter and it's held up well. I would suggest painting the taped area to help it remain watertight. Also, I'm not sure what you mean by extreme winters. I live in Georgia but we had many sub-freezing days last winter and the tape seemed unaffected by the cold.
yes, also cover the waterproof tape with gorilla tape.
Yes. I currently have a couple of 4 foot lengths over my basement windows where about 1/3 is attached to concrete/stucco and the rest is not attached to anything. it adhered to it very well and has remained tightly attached for the last few months.
It will work a whole lot better than duct tap and last a lot longer. It's not a direct replacement/permanent repair but should last some time. Very sticky and super durable!
Don't know what happened to the first part of the other answer but yes if you want too.
For the most part yes. The only time is doesn't really work and would make me a little nervous is if you're around salt water. The tape doesn't adhere to surfaces with salt water or salty air (ie next to oceans, etc) very well.
The one I bought is black. Not sure if it comes in other colors.
black
Right around 5". Their just a little bigger then the stock one's. When you get them they look huge but once you put them on their nice.
There saying 7500,,have two installed on back of my class a so far,,haven't really tried to get the wheels of the ground yet,,would recommend using removable mounting plates that they sell,,where highest rated 32 I could find
about 2 feet
not the best bag for groceries better if you use it for books not very good for over the shoulder i used it for groceries and it ripped
Yes good strap easy over shoulder but not much longer than that
I carry an 11x14 sketch book in mine and there is plenty of room on the sides, but only about an inch until you hit the hemline of the bag and maybe another inch to the top of the bag. If you don't mind it sticking up slightly above it then I think you'd be fine.
The tag on the inside reads "it is not necessary to wash before decorating. If it is desired, we recommend hand washing separately, in cold water with mild detergent. Allow for shrinkage with both 100% cotton and poly/cotton goods." I use it for books/binders and have never washed it : ) I hope this helps.
The description I have for this product from the manufacturer says: BAGWORKS-Canvas Large Tote Bag. Fabulous products you can decorate and personalize yourself! This package contains one Canvas Large Tote Bag (13x17x5 inches). Made of 100% cotton. Made in USA.
I think of exposing kids to the five senses: Sight- color mixing , is it a solid or liquid?, check out science experiments online. Smell- cover child 'a eyes and let them smell: spices, aromatherapy oils, plants, flowers, etc. Taste- again spices, treats or grow a seed , so the plant cycle can be shown, I've done lemon is sour, but you add one ingredient like sugar and it tastes sweet and delicious. Hearing- place different objects and guess what it is: liquid or solids? Or guess what it is? Touch- place cotton, seeds, beads, buttons, dirt, rocks, etc. You can use it for collecting things at the park: find a seed, a small leaf, a rock, a feather, etc. I think a lot will have to do with the child's age, but most anything can be adapted to age. I hope that helps.
about 1 1/2 inch - my granddaughter really likes the kit
Like 5" tall or close to it
I'm not 100% certain, but I'm guessing you can freeze liquids due to the somewhat sturdy plastic. I'm guessing you could freeze it a few times, but not for indefinite use. I hope this helps.
Definetely watertight!
The probes furnished with the thermometer would not stand up to 392F. I would go with the temperatures listed by Taylor. The instructions on setting the high and low settings and alarm times leave something to be desired. Once you figure out how to set it, the thermometer works very well. I use them on HVAC equipment and recirculating hot water heating systems to measure supply and return temperatures. By checking the temperatures several times a day, I make sure the equipment is operating correctly.
26 " sounds about right.
Yes. It works great too
Yes it absolutely will I believe that's one of the sticks I put it on too
I looked at the specs for your stick. Yes.
After doing a bit of research, it looks like Happ makes a stick that can be changed from four-way to eight-way with a button press. http://na.suzohapp.com/all_catalogs/joysticks/50-6084-000. Seems like a good bet. You've made me consider looking at a Happ stick. Thanks! Without knowing for sure, I would say that the Sanwa probably does not fit the Happ controllers, as the Sanwa is a Japanese make. However, if you follow the link I posted, it will show you a solution that does not require a restrictor plate, as I said. I hope that answers your question.
Yeah!! I actually have a MadCatz TE SFIV stick and slapped it in there and it works great!!
Yes, is pretty simple to install, if you have some doubt to how you can do it, there is to many documentation in the web and videos tutorials in youtube, the installation is very quickly.
I'm pretty sure that fightstick does not have a Sanwa joystick on it. This part is specifically for a Sanwa JLF joystick. If you don't have that I would not recommend this part for you.
No. The Hori Real Arcade Pro 4 Kai does not use a Sanwa joystick. This part is only for Sanwa JLF joysticks.
I'm pretty sure it will. I have the Q4 & my buddy has the Q2 and it fits in like a charm for both.
No
Yes
Not sure about heat resistance. The glass is fairly thin and fragile even though really clear and clean . I've broken two out of ten through "normal" handling...
NO, these tubes are straight
Very short.
diameter is 14.28 millimeters (9/16th inch)
No
it has a good adhesive but a long strip will peal off . try a number of 1 inch squares
No, it does not. It is retro-reflective, but not flouresent.
It is too stiff to put on a bicycle size spoke. The spoke would need to be the same width as the tape. You could get it on the frame probably.
It's definitely hi-viz yellow. I use it on my motorcycle and helmets. It stands out very well in the day and has a bright reflection in the dark. Good stuff.
I used the 3/4IN MALE FITTING by PRO-FLEX, LLC, part number PFMF-3406. This provides a male 3/4" pipe thread so the tubing is installed just like a length of pipe. A female connector is also available if you need it. Full assembly instructions are included - follow them EXACTLY! Proper grounding is essential!
No. You need to get the special fittings, but I don't recommend the ProFlex units Amazon sells. They utilize a silicone washer that is very soft and easy to accidentally cut (and ruin) with the corrugated. Homee Depot has fittings that are better and less costly.
Yes. This tubing can be easily cut to length with a standard tubing cutter. You need to use the fittings supplied specifically for the tubing as there are at least two manufacturers of CSST products. Each manufacturer has cutting and fitting instructions on their websites.
This will work with any, you can't mix and match fittings
I have used it in that way under my house and a deck. I believe this is fine as long as it is not exposed to sunlight.
It is the same a 3/4 steel pipe.
yes I got this device for that exact reason you need an optical cable and then just a pair of RCA and you are set. remember to take the caps off the optical cable before putting in the optical input on the boxes. look for digital optical cable on amazon. I got mine for about $5. good luck. works perfectly.
Yes.
This was the same issue I had and why I bought this product along with the optical audio cable. Prior to getting this, I was plugging my wireless headphones through RCA audio into the cable box since the TV did not have an RCA audio out. Unfortunately, when I wanted to watch movies on Smart TV Netflix or Apple TV, the sound in headphones did not work. With this converter, I plugged the Optical cable from the Optical Audio out to the converter than sent RCA audio cable to the wireless headphones. I now have sound for everything watched through the TV. You might need to shut off the Television speakers when using the headphones for Smart TV features like Netflix and Apple TV. I hope this helps
This will take the sound from digital coax and digital toslink (optical) to the standard RCA (red/white) output. You will have to buy the cables to go with it (Optical cable and RCA cable) but yes it will work for you.
I honestly do not know. I am sorry.
If your Sanyo has an optical output, yes. BUT, most of the time optical outputs from TV's are usually fixed. You would need to have an adjustable volume on your headphones to be able to adjust the volume. Typical digital optical outputs from TV's are not affected by the TV's volume.
The plug-in power supply requirements: 100 to 240 volts AC, 50/60 HZ/cycles, 0.5 watts Jim
No there no cables with it but it does come with a power adapter
No adjustment on the converter that I'm aware of. Mine setup works great - however my setup precludes me from knowing if output signal strengths are low. I ran a FO cable from the TV through this converter into my stereo and from the stereo to speakers. So my stereo amp would mask any 'low' signal level. Since I do not have to turn up the volume on my stereo I suspect that the converter's output it good.(stereo volume level 3 out of 10 is more than enough).
Sorry, there is no easy way to place the blame for this. You would need to analyze the digital data stream from the BRP with expert equipment and intelligence to determine if the data stream was properly formatted, then with a known good disk, whether the player was decoding correctly or your source disc was bad. Short: could be source disc, player, or incompatible data stream. No easy answer from here.
A wand is used to measure Alpha radiation, which has low energy and can be stopped by a piece of paper. I am more concerned with High Energy Gamma particles.
I don't think so. I'm pretty sure you need a different type of radiation detector. Look into an electromagnetic radiation detector.
We have 4 of these, the first one we bought 5 years ago and we use them in our daily operations, the battery will last about a year, is easy to use and pretty accurate. I haven't used the data log capability.
Typical background exposure is 3.3 mSv per year. This can vary some with location. There really is no "safe" level of radiation for long term exposure. It's all a matter of probability of getting cancer. Even normal background radiation produces cancer cases. Obviously more exposure leads to a greater chance of getting cancer. Short term exposure less than .2 Sv generally dose not produce any acute illness. At 1 Sv you start to see blood structure changes. More than 5-6 Sv you are dead.
The monitor 4 will do just fine. It's a bit more fragile than the ludlum and wet conditions are out of the question, but otherwise it's the better one for your needs. The ludlum is only a gamma detector, the M4 is an Alpha, Beta, Gamma and x-ray detector.
Not accurately the normal way to measure Radon emission is to place the absorption kit in the room and let it remain for the entire duration of the instructions, 12 hours or 24 hours and then send it off to the lab to have it analyzed for exposure. Radon is a normal occurrence it's the excessive amounts that cause concern.
I have dealt with this company for more than 30 years. They have all the documentation that you asked for and more.Great Company.
Hello Nina, We make a low cost ($69.95) radiation detector, the Canary 100. It is designed to detect Alpha radiation in food. You will need to keep it dry though.
Yes, it came w/a shoulder strap. Also extra attachments. It's such a good vacuum.
Yes..it requires a bag.
Limited. I've had 2 Eureka sanitaire. The first ran forever & finally wore out after many yrs of daily use. The 2nd is still going strong after 2yrs.
No,never
It doesn't go in at all. It wrapped around the bottom of the vacuum for storage
No, it does not.
I think there both the same. I have owned a few of these. I clean home, couldn't do it without this vacum!! Don't really like the floor attachment. Use my hoover Gray floor attachment instead. Gets under things better.
They can hold quite a bit of garbage, but it depends on how much you use it and what your vacuuming up. I love mine
Yes
the 3681 has a bigger motor in it
The O.D. is .25 inches, measered with digital calipers
They are not removable. The the nut is 9/16" wide from edge to edge.
im sure you can if it has the 1/ 4 inch fitting it shows a saddle valve in a kit
This has a preformed plastic compression fittings on it; not made to be cut. If you do not see a shorter one, just leave the extra in a coil.
Yes u can but make sure u leave little margin for expansion / contraction ( e.g leave a loop in between ) Below are some tips : http://www.familyhandyman.com/plumbing/pex-piping-everything-you-need-to-know/view-all#step13
With a coupling or compression fitting, should be no problem.
They come standard 25ft. as it's hard to tell how much each install will need. These are meant to be cut to your desired length, leaving enough length to pull refrigerator away from the wall for installation and servicing. It's a one size fits all kit.
No, it's fine. PEX is widely used in new construction, no issues at all. For me, this was a real time-saver, and after about a year, it's working well for me.
You can put two of these together using a M-M coupling. I'd suggest waiting till you have the hose in hand and take it to the hardware store to get the right flared coupling.
probably not
Etched
Largest 2 sizes by 100s, then 50, 20, 10 ml. (1000 ml by 100s; 600 ml by 100s; 250 ml by 50s; 100 ml by 20s; 50 ml by 10s.) So yes they are labeled for major graduations.
Numbers, yes... millimetres. 1000 ml beaker has numbered graduations @ 100ml marks. Intermediate 50ml marks not numbered. Lines numbered both in ascending and descending amounts. Works for both pessimists and optimists. ;-) Made in Germany (quality product!). Would've included photo but don't know how.
Pyrex is, by design, microwave safe, unless you do something to make it otherwise, such as shocking it (taking it straight from extreme heat to extreme cold).
1,000ml = 160mm Ht. x 108mm Diam., 600ml = 124mm Ht. x 90mm Diam., 250ml = 90mm Ht. x 68mm Diam., 100ml = 72mm Ht. x 50mm Diam., 50ml = 57mm Ht. x 42mm Diam. (Dimensions rounded off.)
Just ml.
They do, but I don't do it because the pointed part of the lip of an inner beaker scratches the inner surface of the outer beaker. It'd be okay if one padded them with paper.
This is not a good idea for a stove top or a hot plate, you should use a stand wire grid with flame for heat adjustment for this glass wear. Reason I say that is heat absorption for the surface may not be sufficient to keep it from cracking the Corning Pyrex base.. If you do you better test it with water with salt and keep an eye on it. Be ready to shut it down if it cracks.
I guess I don't know the difference but I do know this is a good set. We have used them in several science experiments with hot and cold liquids and they perform very well, are easy to clean and store until the next time. Hope that helps!
I use them on my laboratory hotplate nearly every day with no ill effects. Of course an oil bath would likely be better and reduce thermal stresses somewhat, however mine work just fine directly on the hotplate surface which reaches 400*C.
Same thing happened to me, but with just a few weeks of purchase. The seller monitors the amazon feedback and responded to me very quickly - sending a replacement. I believe you can also find this type of cart at your local Staples, but I was so impressed with the company that I recommend waiting a bit to see if you hear from them. Extremely helpful and friendly.
From the top of the handle to the bottom of the box it is 37 inches. The box caddy itself is 14 inches. From the bottom of the box to the ground 2 inches. Hope this helps. I own a 2011 Ford Explorer and it fits in the back just fine. Great company. Really back up there product!
The Qube Caddy includes the cart and the apron. The lid is soft fabric and is attached to the apron. Please note that the hard plastic lid that comes with the Qube Cart does NOT come with this product. Etonomy Trading
No
it have a lid. I like this item. it is very good
Hello, I am sorry, but no it does not. It would not function with the apron. The Caddy apron does have an accordion folder in the back. It can help keep files straight but isn't really meant for a large number of files. Etonomy Trading
Yes, this product has phosphate in it. It has been much better at cleaning our dishes in the office and not leaving a white film.
It has no added "floral or perfumed" scent. What little scent is noticeable is strictly a clean chemical/soap smell, but even that is almost nil. Hope this helps.
There is no perfume smell about this product. Nor does it have a chemical smell. If you have allergies, I don't think that this product would cause an attack. I live on a farm and have very hard water. I use this product to get my dishes free of calcium buildup. I think that they used to have a lemon scent product but this has no lemon scent to my perception.
The handles are very light wood. You can snap them if you needed to.
I got 100 pkg which contained 2 in each pkg so the total is 200
They are individually wrapped but there are two swabs (sticks) in each wrapper.
there was none
Yes there is in centimeters
Hello, Did you order it from us? If you did we will expedite it for about 2 day delivery from tomorrow. let us know.
About the same size as a Q-tip
I'm sorry, but we are not offering free shipping at this time; however, your purchase of 60 bottles will qualify you for a 10% off discount which would help in covering the shipping costs. Thanks for your inquiry!
Not pine scent it has a nice light lemon scent
According to data sheets from Clorox, Pine-Sol contains very small (if any) amounts of terpenes, the active ingredient in pine cleaners. Pine-Sol is made to smell pine-ish, and does a very good job cleaning in a consumer environment, but it is NOT commercial grade.
Approximately 1.75 inches.
I don't know the specs but we use it all the time and it is just as good as the white. This has saved us a bunch of money and never have had any complaints. We have a Fitness & Racquet Club.
Sorry...I'm not familiar w/Prime Source. Measure the diameter of the core & towel roll you're using now to see if they are a match. Check to see if the core tubes need to be notched or not. If so, you can do it by hand by making a template and cutting out the notches w/a razor knife. Good luck!
I use a Marathon automated dispenser. I bought it at Sam's Club. There is a phone number on the inside 1-800-435-5647.
Mine had a rigid core.
It has a large diameter hole in center so it depends on how large your holder arms inside are.
Yes, it is 1 ply.
Roll has 500 sheets, with each sheet measuring 4.5" x 3" (L x W)
it seems like the wrapper should be because it is a thin paper wrapper over it.
It fits a regular toilet paper holder, like what you have in your home
Yes, definitely. This is what i have in my home and it it works just fine. good quality at a good price.
No it's good stuff ... Nice pun though
not sure about what scott is like, but imagine it's one of those thick, soft absorbent tissues that wastes paper resources and costs a lot of $$$. Boardwalk has supplied my six bedroom b&b with toilet paper for years and it does the job adequately and efficiently without the high cost and wasted paper. Try a few rolls.
hello from matt customer service i dont know amazon put the 0.08 there Not us the item BWK6180 is a 96 roll case the sheet size is 4.5x3.0 the price is $41.99 for the case price per roll comes out to 43.7 cent per roll thank you matt
Based on my calculations, each sheet is 3" x 4.5". There are 500 of those per roll, which is 6750 sq in per roll. 96 rolls per case, so 648,000 sq in per case, which translates into 4,500 sq ft. Here are some fun conversions too! 4,500 sq feet translates to : 500 sq yards 0.103 acres 1.61 x 10^-4 square miles 4.18 x 10^-4 square km This is: 1.6 times the area of a doubles tennis court (2808 sq ft) 2.6 times the area of a volleyball court (162 sq meters) 0.8 times the wing surface area of a Boeing 747-400 (525 sq meters) 6 times the averages surface area of a human lung (70 sq meters) Hope that answers all of your questions. :)
I believe so 90%
We have 4 people and lots if guests. This lasts us 4-5 months
One order comes with 12 table covers.
We used them on 8 ft rounf tables. Then cane down about a foot on the sides.
We used these for 8FT round tables and they fell perfectly about 1/2 way down.
The table cloth is approx. 80-90", it fit perfectly with hang over on a 60" round table. I also used them on rectangular tables. One per will cover nicely with a drape effect. I was very happy with my purchase an will buy more in the future. (I used the tablecloths for my baby shower with burlap runners over top)
yes it is 82", and it depends o the look your going for it's better and thicker than the ones you would find in your local paper goods store but butter than linen...nothing is better than linen but the lok is noce and the cleanup is super easy...just toss them.
Mine was corn fiber.
It's a matter of preference, I like a stiff, heavy broom. It works equally well on the kitchen floor, porch, or sweeping snow of the car.
I bought two, and they're good brooms. I suppose it's corn fiber. It's a natural fiber, anyway, and not synthetic.
No. The straw is wired tightly to the handle.
Fairly thick but my wife uses it fine and she's petite.
The one I got was corn fiber w synthetic 5 sewn bands. Heavier duty brooms have more corn fiber and 6 sewn bands (the part that holds it together). It was pretty flimsy for "heavy duty". That said, it's still in one piece 6 months later - months longer than I thought it would last.
I ordered two. They are great, nice and sturdy. Adult size.
The whole broom head is 16". However, the sweeping straw is 13". It's a very dense and generously sized sweeping surface. Very effective.
Ours was made in Mexico.
they have collars with set screws, insert the motor shaft into one end of the collar and snug the set screw, then put the second shaft into the other end of the collar and snug the second set screw. Then power the motor up to ensure that the shaft to shaft alignment is wobble free while they spin; if it is, tourque both set screws to their final value -- if ot then adjust one or both set screws until wobble free alignment is
Yes, It steps in either direction.
Nope it's just a strait stepper motor
about 1 inch.
I am not sure what the holding torque is but I am using it with an arduino stepper controller and powered up the holding torque is high. Without power there is virtually no holding torque.
Short answer is I doubt it, the detents between steps were fairly strong if I remember correctly. Long answer, possibly with the right driver and high resolution controller, and a lot of software development.
I'm using it with a 5mm ID Metal Timing Pulley to drive a camera slider.
Keyed. Half round.
the device component or motor is safe to run at 12V or silghtly higher(~13V). An H-bridge circuit is commonly used to control the speed and direction of a brushed DC motor. The convenience of an H-bridge is that a low current digital signal can be used to control a high current motor. 4 mosfets form a "H" shape around the motor. they are used as switches and are activated in diagonal pairs. forward voltage is applied half of the time and reverse voltage is applied half of the time (50% duty cycle) to keep the motor stationary.
Yes ,make sure it flushes up with side wall,if you push it in to deep they will nest in front of mesh
YES! And this stuff is the bomb. If you're using it to fill up entry for mice or whatever, take a mirror and go along the entire bottom perimeter of your home and you'll be amazed how many entry points you'll discover. I went from 8-10 mice per day to 10r 2 every few weeks. I obviously have missed one spot.. but this stuff is really worth every cent
Yes it is. Don't have measurements but can be cut and rolled as needed
No its brand new and clean, comes in a roll....no need for cleaning unless you want to steralize it.
about 8 inches is my estimate
Yes its pure copper mesh not plated.
Two rolls 50ft each
Yes
The meter does not come with calibration solution, this is something you would have to purchase separately. The instructions for calibration are in the manual.
Yes , you need to calibrate it to 7.0
If you're looking for "ballpark" pH levels, this works fine, but it is off sometimes plus/minus 0.4-0.6 some times.
Yes and no. You can get it close with only 7.0 but for more accurate reading you need 4.0 and 10.0 or ph test strips (paper test strips)
This comes with batteries and is fairly easy to install.
Yes it measures temp. But it did not last as long as the blue pen. You must keep the sensors clean
electronics made in the usa you're funny. it might be assembled by undocumented workers and stamped made in the usa if that makes you feel better
I would not think so. Need to clean and rinse it after testing water.
Yes
It is 3.5 inches from the floor to the top of the bar
Yes it does, and is quite sturdy a lock too, you put it together from the instruction sheets included in the box, you will need an adjustable wrench for the bolts.
A screw, with a large handle, crimps into the movable portion of the table. It takes two hands to adjust the table and a person would need to be very careful if there were items on the table.
No, it tilts, and can be adjusted up, and down
Yes, the "L" shape part connecting the table and the stand is chrome, and the stand is gray.
As you see, putty grey stem and legs, off white top
yes, it can be turned down
When I got it I notice that the locking device was weak so I just tighten as much as I could and don't put any pressure on it, I wish I wouldnt of got this one
Do not take the wheels off because they are the base of the table. If you take the wheels off, the table will fall over.
Yes, and you could use weighted cuffs and drape them over the frame for added stability.
Yes you can use different size dies with this machine
Yes you need both washer and grommet in order for it to work!
My 900 grommet tool handel broke on the 8th or 9th #2 grommet I pressed. When I tried to get spair parts,NO PARTS AVAILABLE. Went to scrap metal.
When I purchase the machine it came with three sizes of grommets 300 each.
yes. don't over muscle it. Also depends on the leather. super thick and many layers of course not.
Yes. 300 of each size to go with the 3 grommet tool sizes.
Yes
The 3rd or 4th time I pressed this machine, the handle broke. There were NO PARTS available. I through it out as scrap metal. Got $0.35 for it.
Self piercing
No
I used it with a 3000 psi machine & the neck of the bottle broke from the pressure. MTM's catalog states the maximum pressure is rated at 5000 psi.
It will work with 1500psi but that is near the minimum it will work with, the more psi you have the more foam it will spew out. Side note you'll want to check to see if your electric power washer gun will work with the 1/4'' quick connect or M22 fitting otherwise you will have to order a coinciding connector for your washer separately.
Yes. I use 20% bleach 80% concentrated Cleaner be sure to use a cleaner that is Comparable with bleach like krud cutter
Next generation says its best for gas PW up to 5000 psi...If you have a normal gas/electric PW with under 3000 psi...get the normal MTM and save 20 bucks
yes as long as you have the push on connection where your tips go.
The manual states a minimum psi to use which I believe is 1800psi. I use a electric 1600psi pressure washer and works just fine.
Made in Italy and is a great product, cuts down wash time by at least 10-15 mins
I havent, but I have watched youtube videos of those that have and wasnt impressed. I think I spend 180 bucks or so on my electric power washer from Home Depot. It was well worth it.
The quick connect that came with my foam lance fit my Karcher pressure washer. Quick connects have various styles such as an 'V' type or 'M' type or 'T' type. Just go to any hardware or auto store and buy the one (maybe $2) that matches your wand.
your rubber o ring is missing.
This product was formulated for use in carpet cleaning machines,if you don't want to purchase a unit you could rent one for around $20 and it would make a great improvement using this cleaning formula that is one of the best on the market.
Just be watchful of the ratio of solution to water to keep it equal to what the manufacturer suggested. I am sure it will.
Cleaned a very dirty jeep all of the carpet in trunk front and back and very soiled car seats all of them they came out like new I bought a 2007 looks like they never cleaned the car plus I have a queen size fuiton sofa I cleanened also I had it in storage a couple of years and it got pretty soiled I tell you no lie it came out like new and that was with the little bottle that came with machine you won't be disappointed its an excellent product hope this helps Li
Good day. I do not have pets so I don't know how well it works with pet urine. It does a good job with mild stains. I took before and after pictures of a carpet placed at the entrance to the house. The carpet was exceptionally dirty because of the snowy it wet winter season. I was very pleased with its ability to clean this difficult carpet.
Yes. Just follow the same instructions .
No
According to Bissell: 1) Vacuum area to be cleaned. 2) Shake bottle and use formula according to machine user guide: b. For other full size machines and rental machines: add 1 capfuls (2.5 oz total) to each gallon of hot tap water.
As I recall it contains Scotchgard!
While shampooing, you make a forward and back pass with the shampoo coming out, then a forward and back pass to extract the water. If a lot of water is still showing as being sucked out, then make another dry pass to take the remainder of the water out. Also use 1/2 the amount of shampoo that it calls for; it will still clean fine and not leave shampoo residue in the carpet that will cause premature wearing out of the fibres.
I have used 1 1/2 capfuls in the cup tank of water. don't think more then that will do a better job. I had a really dirty... two Great Pyrenees sleep here .... spot.... it cleaned the first time. I have overlapped runs before on realy dirty spots too... don't move machine all the way to a new line... move it half the width over. Still Lovin this machine
There's a handful of different knobs. You should check the model number on the back of the knob and only get that type. I made the mistake of making a guess and purchased the wrong type the first time -- it looked almost identical, but the shape of the where the knob fit on the stove was different.
Yes they do. But u must be sure of the finish!
I don't know, depends on your stove model. The knobs are good quality, solid, not coated over plastic. I had to modify the holes in them as they did not fit my stove properly.
I replaced the black plastic knobs on my stove with these and they work great. I think they will be fine.
Flat part of "D" is facing down when the pointer faces up.
Yes, mine is gas range. The shaft length was too long but it is easily cut down to the proper size.
It should fit
I'm not sure what the small modification is, but I can tell you I am thrilled with these knobs. They fit my GE Profile range perfectly and are a major upgrade from the black plastic knobs the range came with. They are all metal have a nice feel.
The price is for one knob. Yes they are heavy duty metal.
P.S. After purchasing the unit I discovered that IF you want to join a country wide radiation network, you'd need another model to do that. Karen
It is a radiation detector, so yes it will work on food. It will detect the presence of radiation within the limits of the device. That is to say that extremely low levels will not be detected; that takes special equipment.
Holly, this is a field technicians, consumer grade, instrument designed to detect radiation. By design, it measures a very small percentage of the radioactive particles emitted by a test material. To get a precise measurement of the total radiation given off by a material the material would have to be sent to a lab and tested under controlled conditions. This said, my Radex detector has been the only means I have of removing radioactive liquids and foods from my diet. Last year, before I realized my food supply was contaminated with radiation, I was in constant pain and my feet were so swollen I couldn't get my shoes on. My Thyroid gland almost shut down I my doctors just gave me pain medication without trying to find the cause of my medical problems. I had purchased my Radex detector, I believe, in 2011 but never used it. Frustrated by not getting answers from my doctors I started looking for the cause of my medical problems myself. Within 24 hours after removing all the contaminated food stuffs from my home the swelling in my feet for the first time in months went down to the point I could put my shoes on again. In three weeks my Thyroid gland started to function again. It's been almost six months now and I am still pain free. I have made checking my food supply with my Radex a routine.
No
It comes with a certificate and the certificate states that there is a 12 month waranty that has to be addressed to the manufacturer who is located in Russia. See www.quarta-rad.ru there is also an email address and phone number. It would have to be shipped to Russia for repair after contacting them for return instuctions. I have had mine for almost a year and no problems if that puts your mind to ease.
Maybe you could use a item that is not sharp and put it under where you should pull it out and prey soft and remove it that way. I am a senior like yourself. I understand what you mean. pro-mist it is the easiest mop i found. I am glad i do not have to ring it out or buy pads for a mister mop
Yes it does.
I believe it comes with one, and others can be purchased separately. Though beware, the one I had stopped working after the first use...nothing I tried brought it back and I tried EVERYTHING.
Unless they've changed since I bought mine, appox.2 yrs ago...the head is not a perfect square. The front is 10" and the back is 9 1/2". To simplify I'll say it's 10" x 4 ". The pads are wider & longer. I like that because it doesn't let the head (plastic) scratch my baseboards. I bought the reusable pads for mine and they have been washed hundreds and hundreds of times and I've yet to have to throw one away.
I have never had to wring out the mop pad. Our home has laminate floors as well as tile. I use a pad on the bathrooms then change to do the kitchen, dining, and living room. Compare it to a Swiffer but without the chemicals in the spray (I use a tablespoon of vinegar in almost a quart of water) and the pads are washable and reusable (as opposed to disposable and having to buy more every five or six moppings).
The spray mop is pump hand operated. PS Its the best mop I've ever bought. You will LOVE it.
I have purchased 3 of these over the pat 2 years (1 online, the other 2 from Walmart) and all came fully assembled. The only part that should come apart is the bottle for refilling. Yours is likely broken.
bottle clips to handle and clicks into fluid receptacle. Releases by pressing a button and pulling up/out.
Yes they do. A little tight but it works fairly well.
Easy as pie....... Velcro ! and no, I have never had any problems with them moving.
First download the English manual from: www.hbkj.com select xmt63x controller. Sceond: configure the controller for your rellay output and thermal couple type"T for glass and ceramic temps". Their are three basic settings for every step of a program. I use 7 steps. 1 ramp 2 soak 3 ramp 4 soak 5 cooldown 6 soak 7 off . on the controller you must set " C , T , Sv " eg: C 0 , T 60 , Sv 200 " . C=number of step T=run time of first step Sv=temperture of the step. It took me about 8 hrs to translate Chines to English If you need more help post back with email.
I sent that unit back and I can not remember all the pins..........it was too confusing for me to get it going for the application I needed a controller for. I ended up with a Barret Controller on my kiln.
The max temperature is limited by the selection of the thermocouple you use with the unit. I use one with my kiln which attains 1800 deg. F. I would go higher but my kiln will not get any hotter than that. I use a software program to build my profiles. I simply load the one that I need.
I don't see any issue ... it contains no materials on the hazardous materials list, no liquids, no flammables.
Hi John, Check with the supplier for current warranty period. It is shipped from the supplier and not from Amazon. Hope this helps.
Yes it can. After it reaches your set temperature, your last step in your programming would be your start or room temperature, which would be your cool down period. With this temperature programmed the SSR will not turn on again until you RE start your program. Hope this helps.
yes it does
No
Bambie, You'll need to look up what make and model Carter go cart you have. They should tell you what to buy. Or take the chain to a tractor repair place. They will match up what you need and break it to fit. If you just buy the chain, you'll need other tools to make the chain the correct length plus buy the correct links to reconnect it. I hope this helps
Don't know where it manufactured but it's great quality. Can't really go wrong with this. Would buy it again.
No most chains will stretch a bit after use. Make sure to leave some room to push the engine forward to make up for this slack
Yes or a chain tool.
We have 3 at this time.
As long as the sprockets are a number 35.
If I'm not mistaken that means a 10 foot pack. You get 10' of chain
No, it will not work. Go to a local bike shop to get bike chain, this chain is used for minibikes and agricultural applications.
Yes. Works with a standard 20 lb propane bottle
Probably.. but it's a bit overkill . One strap of the kit will handle a single 20lb. And if the mounting service is flat you can just bolt the strap down
This Tank Bracket is designed for a Forklift Propane Cylinder. That is what I am using it for. It fits a standard sized 33 lbs Forklift Propane cylinder, dimensions for which are 28" High and 12.3"Diameter. It should also fit the 43 lbs Forklift Propane cylinder, dimensions for which are 34.1" High and 12.3"Diameter. Check the dimensions of your cylinder and compare. Hope that helps.
They would with some sort of spacer. Mine clamped tight on a propane tank has about 1.25" of thread showing that I could tighten down more. With a rubber or Teflon insert they would definitely hold your tanks down
No
I believe it's around 4in
It is for a pair. Nice heavy duty brackets.
I cut the bolt mount off and welded mine directly to my rack.
It should work the tanks are the same diameter and there is enough adjustment in the clamping for some variation.
I have forwarded your question to my son who I hope will give you a reply. I bought it for his jeep and I have no idea how to answer your question. He might!
No, and a piece of junk. Great boat anchor!
8 Feet lift. I went out to check. With the the chain fully extended it is 8 ft from bottom of hook to the bottom of the hoist. Depending on how high your anchor point is above the bench, I think it would work for your task.
The picture is just for reference, it is a two ton chain hoist by description, it is a two ton. The one I ordered and received was a two ton.
Hoist should be hanging and all chains untwisted - Then pull straight down on the hand chains. If chains gets twisted in hoist it will lock up you will then have to back it up to unlock and untwist the chain. When hoist is hanging (or if you ensure chains do not get twisted) The hoist will work freely and as expected. If you just took it out of the box and the chains are all piled up the chain will not go in the hoist on track and will certainly bind or lock up.
Back the chain up a little bit and it should fall back into the track.
Are you asking how much the hoist weighs or how much the hoist will lift? I would guess the hoist weighs about 40 lbs with the chains....I believe this hoist will lift one or two ton. Works great !
Yep
Not sure man, I haven't puller it up that high. But I will tell you that I used it to pull the cab off my 29 model A frame. Had the bottom of the frame about 4-1/2 feet off the ground. It works well.
Chain falls are designed for overhead lifting. The hook will lift and lower when the continuous chain loop is pulled, but will not move otherwise. This inherently "locks" the hook in place.
One chain to hook. I have not lifted more than 1000 lbs with mine.
I'd say the best method is to do it front back at the point of weakness. Typically the fence fails at the point wind hits the fence line like a sail. The Simpson Strong Tie supports the fence by using the existing post still in the ground surrounded by concrete and then anchors the weakened or broken point to it. WARNING! Be prepared for some herculean pounding to get the metal between concrete and the wood post. The tolerances are so tight you might need to borrow Mjolnir from Thor!
You screw it to the post to make the post upright, and then yes, you need to dig around said post and pour concrete the same way you would if you were putting in a new post. Super easy. My faulty post was damaged "in ground," so in my case, there's no way the post would stay upright and steady.
One. Order two for a pair. Works great for a post set in gravel or dirt. I used two, one on either side of the broken post.
Ye! Mine are the same width.
28 1/8" L x 3 7/8" W Weight-4.2 pounds times 1 piece if interested.
No screws and nails were included
Mine is made by Vital Lever.
It is about 20 lbs. But it picks up wonderful and is really great.
The lift distance is about 5 feet. I have had to add a chain for some applications to get extra length. This chain hoist works great but is very heavy. I personally would have bought a lighter model for my use.
Doesn't really matter. We use several types and sizes of tubes.
Not without an adapter, not included in the product.
Absolutely. It works great!
Erkys fermin, are you asking at what RPM to spin the blood to seperate red blood cells, buffy coat and plasma?
Should be no problem. We put 10 ml red top tubes in all the time. Fit in the black tube sleeves
I use the 10 mm tubes with mine.
Based on the power supply labeling, which states 120V 60Hz I would assume that it is not auto-sensing.
Yes
I don't know as I only use up to 16mL tubes but there is still ample space with those in.
Mine is easy to set to20 min. Press the arrow up button above the time. Mine is set for 5 min all the time.
Yes they are 10" apart.
I believe that all fairleads are the same size, but I measured mine. The vertical rollers are 8-3/4" center to center apart, and it fits my winch.
No, it Only comes as the red plastic insert.
Anywhere between 5:1 (Base:Cross linker) to 10:1 works well. Base is the big container and the cross linker is in the small bottle. It again depends on what temperature you cure it at. At room temperature, I've used 7.5:1 cured for 24 hrs and it worked well. At higher temperatures (around 60 - 80 C) Even close to 10:1 when mixed well cures to a good rubbery final component. Just remember that the more cross linker you use the less flexible the final material becomes.
The boxes I received had a stated expiration date of July 2015, but depending on your intended application, that date may not be that important. Hope this helps, J
I don't know, as I planned to use it as soon as it arrived.. It performed very well when used, (as I used it two days after I got it).
Approx one quart, covers my 60 watt panels fine...about 1/16th inch.
I did a 36 cell panel and there was quite a bit left over but it made for a nice thick layer. From my unprofessional oppinion, I'd buy at least two.
Of course. Just mix the right amounts in order to get the needed volume.
Yes it can output 60V 5A in series, one reason I purchased this unit. Just don't order from Electronixx seller as they send out a different model without nice LEDs.
Yes, indeed, mine is a Mastech supply.
I received a DR. Meter with 2 color display. A re-branded or maybe a knock-off Mastech HY3005F_3.
There is no fan(s)
I do not think that you were to receive any cables with the power supply. I did not.
This model has a switch in the back for 110V/220V. You'll need a voltage regulator if you're using 240V. Do an internet search for full specs. The model pictured isn't available anymore.
I've done this with other supplies in the past. I don't see why you wouldn't be able to do it with these ones. You may run into issues if you plan on using the full current output. As they are in series and not parallel, you'll be able to get 5A Max, however, with two power supplies in series you are doubling your overall power supply internal resistance, so I'm not sure what this will do to your Max current output. Make sure to use the + and - outputs and not the chassis grounds. Using the chassis ground will effectively short one of your power supplies to earth ground. In fact, as a safety precaution check the continuity between the earth ground and the - channels. They should not be internally or externally shorted. If they are then it will not work.
I can't think of a way to get this supply to generate +28V, -28V, +18V, and -18V all at the same time. I can see how it can do any two of those at once, but not all four.
Yes. Each supply is completely isolated, so you can jumper them as you like.
This Power Supply can be used as a meter but is not very accurate and is not advised because it has a limit of 30 volts. The display shows amps and volts together.
Yes, comes with everything you need, please place your order on Amazon, we sell many of these, they are the best.
Garrett, Unfortunately, there is no rotor or adapter to support a 5ml tube for this centrifuge. Thanks for your inquiry, and have a great afternoon. Regards, Pacific Star Corporation
It did not come with sample tubes. . You can use regular 1.5ml and 2.0ml microcentrifuge tubes
The singed or smooth side has the greatest dust cake release properties and generally is the "input" or facing contaminant side. There is no engineered direction of flow to the fibers (the same particle size will be trapped in either flow direction), however the singed side is mechanically stronger as the filaments have been melted together in a strong mechanical bond (relative to the untreated spun bonded fabric). There are a few applications with liquids where the fabric is not only relied upon to filter but also to trap particles as the flocculation precipitation from suspension in a liquid in a sluice type arrangement, in which case the "fuzzy" side is preferable as it reduces particle creep in the sluice-way.
Yep! I used it to make a filter for a dust collector. Cuts airflow a bit more than I would like, it it's also a much thicker felted material, compared to a more cloth like material for dust bags.
Under Features and Details it claims the following: "Food Grade Material, Maximum Working Fluid Temperature: 275F"
It has to be sewn first of all and yes but you probably want 10 micron or higher. Sand is about 100 microns. But silt will be finer.
3 ft. by 6 ft.
Only chunks, like leaves, sand and fine dirt. It will help a lot.
These filters are for Liquids only they are not air filters therefor smell and air partials travel thru them.
Yes- but this is a piece of junk that I have had problems with and I don't recommend this cradle.
It's should, you can double check by just measuring the bolt pattern. I think most the winches are 4.5 inches
its been on back order since may ,i am told it will be here wed.
Probably. I bought this mount and the hitch pin hole was drilled at an angle such that the pin could not be inserted. Returned to amazon and bought one from another manufacturer . I was afraid they have a bad jig setup and didn't want to play musical mounts. Good luck
I doubt it. It will fit a smitty 12000lb. Warn makes there own cradle I would buy there product to fit your warn winch.
Not sure. I used it with a Badlands 12000.
Yes
The winch. The synthetic line and hook. The hawse fair-lead although it is matte finished not polished. The control switch. Positive and Ground cables long enough to hook it up in a Jeep Wrangler. Which has the battery located at the fire wall so they are probably long enough for most vehicles. And mounting bolts. It has pretty much everything you need to install it accept the winch plate. I bought my winch plate here on Amazon as well. If you have a bumper designed to mount a winch inside you may not need the plate. In that case check with the manufacture of the bumper to see if this winch will fit.
Wired
No it did not.
I think it is good for wet weather. It is IP68 rated, which means it is completely sealed and can run while continuously submerged in water. I have had mine for 7 months, in Hawaii where it rains very often, and so far have not seen any rust or signs of trouble.
Electric.
The hook is included.
No, it doesn't come with a cover. I've had mine on the Jeep for about a year with no cover and the decals are all faded. I think you need a cover to keep the wire rope clean.
Copy pasted directly from Smittybilt's website (follow the link and click the blue check box near the bottom of the page): http://www.smittybilt.com/product/index/151.htm "The Smittybilt X2O Electric Winch has an IP68 rating on the motor, gear box & Solenoid: Dust Tight - No ingress of dust; complete protection against contact Immersion Beyond 1 Meter - The equipment is suitable for continuous immersion in water under conditions greater than 1 meter but less than 5 meters."
This product has been installed since July 2012 and there does not appear to be any loss of material. There are 5 people in our home who use the tub daily.
I am no expert, but I don't see why it wouldn't work. It dries clear and seems pretty easy to apply. I would not be afraid to use it on a resurfaced finish.
yes
I can't say for sure since I haven't tried it. However, I see no reason why it wouldn't.
Yes just make sure it's dry before you apply
Probably not recommended.
No, this product failed in my ceramic tub after three or four showers. There is no way it would hold up in chlorine. You would have to drain the pool somewhat to let it cure but even then it doesn't stick. The claims on the label don't match reality.
Yes
Yes it will work and No it leaves no color what so ever it is clear. You can only feel the difference.
It feels like a medium/fine grit sandpaper. Not uncomfortable, but definitely different. You won't slip on the surface, whether you're standing or sitting.
http://alphachemicals.com/msds___specs
The five pound bag would definitely be enough it fills almost a large ziplock bag and is highly magnetic
Googled you question and it is yes. Google the statement Black iron oxide handwarmers and you will find how to.
It is not ideal to make ferrofluid with this product since the particle size is close to 30 microns. We do sell a synthetic iron oxide that has a much smaller particle size of less that 1 micron that would work better.
I did. :) I bought it for that exact reason. My students loved it. We mixed it with putty instead of slime, but it would probably work with slime, too.
This material is highly magnetic and I suggest keeping a plastic bag over the magnet when using it. And 5 pounds is a lot I bought this like a year ago and I still have most of it left
I'd go with the 5.. its pretty dense
Sorry, I don't have and answer to your question. Jo
I don't see why you couldn't use it. Just make sure the mixture is right. Maybe mix up a little bit to test it to see if it sets correctly
Per say, the HPS1401 does not directly read out frequency. However, one can freeze the waveform and make time measurements, that one can convert to frequency. This process is not as accurate as a normal frequency counter, but, it is just fine for general measurements.
Velleman stands behind their products and it sounds like this may be a warranty issue. You should contact the seller that you purchased the unit from and have them start the RMA process with Velleman to get your HPS140i issue resolved.
I haven't used this scope for automotive sensor troubleshooting, but as long as the specs for what you're testing are within the input voltage range that the scope can handle, it should be useable. Unless you know otherwise, I assume most automotive sensors are very low voltage, so the HPS140I should be fine. But, this scope is tiny, has only four buttons, doesn't have a backlit screen and is only a single channel. Using the four buttons to navigate through the menus takes a bit of time and patience to get used to. But, once the buttons and menus are understood, the scope proves itself to be capable for viewing waveforms and voltages. And, it doesn't cost very much. So, if you're really budget constrained & the specs match what you need, it's hard to beat the HPS140I. In comparison, I also own a Velleman HPS50 which is more than double the cost of the HPS140S. With the 50's larger, backlit screen, more buttons and other features, it's quite a bit more versatile.
The product is made in Taiwan. There is no internal view of the product.
Yes, only with the 10x probe.
It can be used for testing monitors and LCD TV depending on what you are looking for. Are you looking for frequency, power surges, TV patterns, or others such as component failure? If trying to trace component failures, this will not provide you with that information. For frequency and power surges, it can provide you with the information. TV patterns, no. There is a specific tester for such.
Ryan, I think this scope should work well for you for that application. I think you will want a sine/square wave signal generator of some sort as well, so you can get a periodic signal you can see clearly on the scope.
About 1" center to center short ways & 2 3/16ths center to center long ways
2.5 inches.
I have them on several of my wood working tools to move in the shop.
I would say these would not mark concrete unless you totally overloaded them causing them to get in a bind and not be able to roll. The HD rubber actually looks and feels like hard plastic.
Probably work OK. I don't think the wheels would leave any marks since they all swivel.
I think this is not what you want to put on a chair leg.
All four casters swivel. I have 80 lb. on them, and they manuever pretty easily. Carpet is a little tougher, but especially on smooth floors you should have no problem cornering.
I my opinion they should work fine for that purpose. The speaker cabs I used them on were'nt nearly that heavy but i also leaned downward while pushing them so I think I prob. had 200# on them with absolutely no probs.
If I remember right they're about 3/4 to an 1 inch wide
no
You can certainly suit it for nist certification. Passing is another matter. I will say that reading the specs I was provided it should pass. I have also done many bench tests and use it daily without any issues.
It depends upon what your looking for. I would not used it for high voltage circuits such as spark voltage unless you use an inductive isolator like a coiled wire around spark plug wire. I used it to trouble shoot low voltage digital and analog circuitry in industrial inspection equipment.
What is it giving you trouble with?
yes . VIVITEQ INC
This is a combination Oscilloscope and Multimeter, for that it is a bargain considering the cost. If you need industrial type for commercial use, look at fluke scope meters.
sure ,VIVITEQ ship to Colombia with $39.95 standard shipping charger ,thanks.
Plate dimensions are 2 5/8" X 2". Be forewarned that the wheel locks are not really functional. Trying to set the lock with your foot is an impossibility.
No
Depends what you are screwing into. I used a course threaded screw (like a drywall screw). Use a 1 1/2" long screw if possible. Otherwise a 3/4" screw if that's all the thicker the base is. You may need to reinforce the bottom of the cabinet. Depends how heavy the cabinet is and how you will be using the rollers.
Hard rubber
yes
Yes, it can handle the weight. im currently using a 4 wheelset on +320 lbs steel frame, just remember there small diameter wheels and can only roll on a smooth surface.
Yes
2 1/8" hole centers on the long side, 15/16" on the short side
My cabinet that my castors are attached to is 2 1/2" off the garage floor.
This is off the label on the bottle: Contains - DM Glycol Ether CAS #111-77-3, Polyethylene Wax Emulsion Mixers. Acrylic Copolymer Mixture, Water CAS #7732-18-5 Hope that helps.
Yes and works great! Use with a soft cotton cloth!
Hello, Some products can't be shipped to all geographical locations due to manufacturer requirements and other restrictions. You'll be notified while placing your order if we're unable to ship specific items to the address you've selected. You can read more about international shipping here:
I would use a clean, soft towel or cloth first. If that doesn't work, perhaps you might want to try plain tap water and a clean towel and cloth to remove it.
It is the most wonderful thing I have ever used on my cabinets. Mine also had spots around the handles. I put three coats on the front of the cabinets. It covered absolutely everything. Has been three years and still look great.
video is worth a 1000 words. Here is the link to your question. Good Luck! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htgqA5tFpXE
It weighs in kilograms or pounds. The only downside to this scale is the fact that it displays the weight in decimal form. Example: 1.5 pounds instead of 1 pound 8 ounces.
Hey Joseph. I still have my scale and it works great. No problems. It has a 2 yr Manufacturers warranty. Here is their new website. http://www.affordablescales.com/industrial-scales/shipping-scales/. Also I think the company sold to another company. They had some good videos on the scale. I found them on youtube. Just search "LSS shipping scale." Good luck.
It stays on all the time unless you specifically turn it off. We never do and it works fine.
The scale has a 400lb capacity and a person can stand on the scale. You would want to make sure that they do not jump onto the platform.
no
I would recommend you find a higher quality scale. I am not happy with ours
Listed under features the scale is 14x16 inches. I'm guessing mine is about 3 inches thick if that helps any.
Yes
NO
I wanted to paste a pic, but this window wouldn't accept it. Here's a url where you can see the standard attachments. These are right for what came with mine. http://www.globalindustrial.com/p/janitorial-maintenance/floor-care/vacuums-backpack/hepa-backpack-vacuum?utm_source=biz_shop&utm_medium=shp&utm_term=269232&utm_campaign=Vacuums-BackPack-biz_shop&infoParam.campaignId=WZ
The cord is only about 2 feet. You must add an extension cord.
No 110 only
10.75"
First of all, I love this vacuum. The suction is great even for a professional use. We'll designed and put together.
Less than ten lbs without getting it on a scale. If you need more precise weight I'll get on a scale with it.
if you have really open space you will not bang into cabinets. My apartment is not too big so I have to be very careful with it which is a bit annoying. I am using it very rare.
I wouldn't say it has powerful motor even it is turbo. I am not very satisfied with this purchase.
No
I think it doesn't so loud
Frequency and duty cycle. Frequency can mostly be left alone.
This is a speed control, rated for 50 amps MAX. You do not control amps, you just must make sure you use a motor rated for 50 amps or less
This does not have a command voltage input. The command for frequency and duty cycle are provided by manual controls on the board. It is not designed for robotics etc. The DC voltage that it modulates can be between 9-24VDC. The fan that comes with the controller is only set up for 12VDC so the fan will have to be changed if you want to use any voltage other than 12VDC. See the website www.canakit.com for the instruction sheet.
I believe that it will. The process that this device uses to control speed is actually turning the motors on and off at a rapid speed as determined by the settings of the controls. One setting is for pulse width, the time the motor is turned on. The second setting is for the frequency that the motor is switched on and off. Generally you set the pulse width and forget it and use the frequency to control the speed of the motor. It will work with even a light bulb by turning it on an off which will limit the amount of lumens available in a space. You'd go nuts with the flickering.
No, there is no onboard fuse so you should def add one inline with your power source.
No it does not as far as controler and motor is concerned, amp draw an ampere hour usage is the same if demand is the same. The prop configuration on trolling motor may not give same performance in reverse as forward but motor characteristics will not change from one polarity state to the other.
I used HD crimp style insulated blade connectors..made for 12g stranded wire...can be found in most electrical retailers..such as Westburn..Eaton..Torbram ..Gerrie. Electric.
I have a question can you change polarity coming to the device and how will it affect the power coming out my application is 12 volts into the device and ?? out also what kind of speed control can I expect
I am not an expert by any means, with regard to the application you describe above, however ;my experience with this PWM, while hooked up to a heavy duty 12 Volt car battery and a Hydrogen producing cell block; performs the VERY same as a Rheostat normally would. I have yet to hook it up to anything below12v(such as the 3.90 A 12 volt power source you mention) and see what results I can get.
Quick Overview * Supply / Load Voltage: 9 to 30V DC (12V DC Recommended) * Optional LCD Module * Soft-Start Feature * 50 Amps Maximum Continuous Current (@ 100Hz) * Frequency: Fixed (100Hz) or Adjustable (244 Hz to 3.125 KHz) * PWM Duty Cycle Range: 0% - 100% * High efficient design using High-Power 202A MOSFET for cool operation * Includes large double Spade Terminals for ease of connection * Includes Heatsink * Includes 12V DC Fan * Includes Knobs * Applications: Motor Control, HHO, DC / LED Light Dimmer, Heating Control, etc.
yes, inches not feet. I did not write anything about it. BushOger made an honest mistake.
6 rolls
2" x 50'
Yes it is compatible.
I just downloaded the software to run the ZipScope on my MacBook Pro from the company website: http://www.aventools.com/technical-support.html When you download, it puts a whole new folder with lots of files on your computer. I'm running OS X 10.8.2. Once I downloaded it, I did have to RESTART my computer before the software would run. Once I did that, I looked at the files in the folder, and clicked (or double clicked?) on the eScopeMac.app and it started right up. You can also drag this file onto your desktop or onto your tray, so you can easily open it again from the tray.
You bet. I'm using it now with XP, it also works well with Mac OSX now.
I bet this would do a good job. It can read the microprint on US Currency no problem. I amazed my son by showing him the microprint on the US $20 (try looking to the right of Jackson, the "shadow" of USA is actually microprint that is very clear with this). The microprint is nearly invsible without the magnifier, but crystal clear with it. Your question gives me an idea: I'd love to have a project with my son to use his scope to read the laser etching microprint on a certified diamond. I'll have to see if I can find someone with one.
Danny, I have no idea what the part numbers are that you are asking about. I would, though, go directly to the web site for those answers. Try going to www.aveninc.com and searching their support section. It is possible to get part numbers there.
I thought it WAS the default: what do YOU find?
Sadly, this is a very difficult instrument to use in any practical manner. I struggled with the software and hardware, and never was able to use it as a true microscope. In the end, I returned it for a refund.
It is perhaps his greatest strength; but small grain size is not possible; such as grain size refined sugar can be measured perfectly. sorry my english
Not with the software included, no. I assume you're wanting to overlay one image onto another to spot any differences. You would need different software for this, which is probably on the market for a price.
Hi Patricia, i am Not 100% sure but i would guess no.
We bought this for my 4 year old daughter who also hates every other toothpaste because they are too "spicy". This is the only brand we have found that she likes (actually loves). Currently we don't have any of the cupcake toothpaste because I felt it was time to use up one of the six other type/brands (Tom's, Earth's Best, Spry, Dora, Sponge Bob, Burt's Bee) we have before buying another expensive little tube of cupcake toothpaste. I foolishly thought she would develop a taste for one of the other brands with time. But after two months of drama at the sink, I am ready to order multiple tubes of cupcake toothpaste. I can't tell you what the ingredients are or if it really helps in cleaning her teeth, but I can tell you it tastes just like frosting on a kids cupcake. No minty taste at all.
Yes
yes
No sugar Tate's awesome....made me go buy cupcakes though&#9786;&#65039;
No, It's made in China.
Threw mine out a while back, it had no actual toothpaste ingredients in it whatsoever. It's more of a gag gift
No, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate is not listed in the ingredients.
Yes.
I can not answer your question directly, as I longer have the box or the tube of Accoutrements Sweet Cupcake. However, we have a tube of Bacon flavored Accoutrements toothpaste and there is no ADA indicator on the tube. Maybe check their website?
Definately not. Its about the pork.
ADA does not "approve" products they either will endorse or not endorse a product. This is not ADA endorse. Lots of known name brands are not ADA endorse. Next time you are in a supermarket compare "whitening" toothpaste with their regular brand. You are likely to find the regualr brand has the seal of approval, while many if not most of the whitening toothpaste will not. Also the ADA is not a government entity. Its a private company.
Hello. If you purchase from Natural Selection Bath and Body shipping would be 6.95 for 10 toothpastes.
No
I have no idea. Suggest that this toothpaste be considered as more of a gag gift.
We have been purchasing this item for several years. I don't believe we've ever had any go bad on us. I'd say that their life is nearly infinite. Hope that helps.
900 feet
These paper rolls have an 3 1/4" paper core with an width of 3 1/2". The full outside measure of the roll is a just over the 9" measure. Hope these measures help you. ThankX.
Measuring the inside cardboard hole .. it is 3 1/4 .. Hope that helped
These are big rolls of toilet paper that are designed to fit commercial roll dispensers. They do not have perforations. I can only guesstimate that they will last quite a while.
I don't know how many feet were in these rolls. What I do know is that the paper is less dense and softer and the rolls are not as firm as rolls that I have had in the past. (from a different company)
I just had an old wooden handle with a screw tip and it fit. Looks to me that any standard handle will work.
I use it for cleaning my deck, I would not use it for cleaning my kitchen floor. It is for heavy duty jobs.
it is a hard/sharp Bristle so I would say no.
I have not used it with those solvents all purpose pressure washer soap is all I have used it with and the brush has held up great with rigorous use
It does not have a handle.
I do not think it would help at all on mildew. I don't have mildew on woodwork around windows. However, because of your question, I tried on some mildew in bath on ceramic tile grout and it did not work on that at all. When I used it, it didn't clean anything well except windows, not even the vinyl part around windows. Try grapefruit seed extract for mildew.
No, not without repeated usage. Acid rinse (vinegar or stronger) would be more efficient. Good luck.
I'd try in a pressure washer, good idea. I use in a bucket with squeege, but your idea might work. Think of these like denture cleaners - which I use to clean vases, thermoses, etc.
I keep mine for years...they are just a tablet that is sealed. We keep ours in the garage and i pull them out when I'm ready to do windows! I've had no problems.
It probably would work better on an uneven surface rather than a flat one. On a flat surface, the steel on the ends extends out from the rubber and tends to scratch the flat surface, i.e., mirror. I doubt that would be a problem on a surface that in not flat.
Probably at Amazon although the one we ordered from them doesn't fit very well and comes off when I am trying to use it on the shower door. It's almost as if it wasn't made for the blade we bought also from them and the same brand.
It did not include a handle.
I just received this item and it came with nothing other then the LCD itself. Kind of disappointed but it was only $9.99 so I really cant expect to much.
16x2 Just as you can see in pic.
You should be able to. I'm sure there is a writeup online for it. It works really well with an Arduino.
Yes it does. Look it up on google and you should find the connections. That's what I did.
I believe it is 8 pins. http://arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/LiquidCrystal
Maybe the brightness is too low. Try to change it. There is a Pin that can change the brightness. My screen worked with a 1 V input. Good luck!
From my research it was Yellow :)
My guess is using three whites will create greater luminance. But interesting to find out.
The seller gives you their latest batch and I remember I did not have any issues as far as the expiration dates are concerned. But just to give you the heads up, the yellow which was rated by the manufacturer as their brightest product, is not that REALLY bright. The green ones are far better IMHO.
Yellow is fairly bright. But after a year some didnt work very good
for the best answer. contact Cyalume I've been using them for years.. without any problems with the performance. G/G Tech. INC. at1-888-234-3700. To my knowledge there the manufacturing codes. No difference in performance.
I bought 5 boxes in early December 2013 & they have a stamped expiration date on each individual light of 09/18. I've been impressed at the duration of lighting being well over the 12hour description! I plan to buy more from Amazon! I've not found a cheaper price anywhere else!!!
Yes, they are waterproof. Thusly, they will continue to glow if wet. They will stick to duct tape if the surface is dry when applying. I don't know for certain if duct tape will attach to kayak, that parts up to you.
I was in a pitch black room door closed and no windows when I tried it out and I was able to find my locker and see the combination numbers on my lock. I thought it was pretty good. I'm sure you'd be able to see some emergency numbers in your phone book with this product. Hope this helped.
The date of manufacture depends on the inventory of Amazon Inc. they Usually are shipped 3 to 6 months after the original date of manufacture
When you say "see", what do you want to see? Will you be reading a book, checking fine details, administer first aid, or what? They produce about the same amount of light as a small night light. They are disposable, put off no heat, and a super item to keep in your emergency kit. Buy several and in different colors for different situations. You could try 1 to "see" for your self if they produce enough light for your situation. Candles require you to produce a flame, (that in some situations may not be safe) and you use up a match for a light, when you could save the match for a fire later. I have used the snap lights on a large pontoon boat and every one had enough light for fishing, changing bait, and seeing what was arround us. And they did'n attract nearly as many bugs as a white light would have.
It doesn't impede your night vision.
They will still work but it may be less effective in colder temperatures. It is recommended to use between 40 to 80 degrees. So even if it gets below freezing they will still be effective once they warm back up. The sticks will freeze around -15 to -20 degrees and will not be as reliable once frozen.
Yes it is a standard cyalume stick with glass capsule that needs broken to creat the Chemiluminescence reaction of illumination. Thus yes you could cut it open then retrive capsule to activate it. Not advisable though it looks cool. here is why Glow sticks give off light when two chemicals are mixed. The sticks consist of a tiny, brittle container within a flexible outside container. Each container holds a different solution. When the outer container is flexed, the inner container breaks, allowing the solutions to combine, causing the necessary chemical reaction. After breaking, the tube is shaken to thoroughly mix the two components. In glow sticks, phenol is produced as a byproduct. It is advisable to keep the mixture away from skin and to prevent accidental ingestion if the glow stick case splits or breaks. If spilled on skin, the chemicals could cause slight skin irritation, swelling, or, in extreme circumstances, vomiting and nausea. Some of the chemicals used in older glow sticks were thought to be potential carcinogens.[10] The sensitizers used are polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, a class of compounds known for their carcinogenicity. The glow stick contains two chemicals and a suitable dye (sensitizer, or fluorophor). The chemicals inside the plastic tube are a mixture of the dye and diphenyl oxalate. The chemical in the glass vial is hydrogen peroxide. By mixing the peroxide with the phenyl oxalate ester, a chemical reaction takes place, yielding two molecules of phenol and one molecule of peroxyacid ester (1,2-dioxetanedione). The peroxyacid decomposes spontaneously to carbon dioxide, releasing energy that excites the dye, which then relaxes by releasing a photon. The wavelength of the photon-the color of the emitted light-depends on the structure of the dye. The reason the reaction is so slow and releases only light, not heat, is that the reverse 2+2 photocycloaddition of 1,2-dioxetanedione is a forbidden transition (it violates Woodward-Hoffmann rules) and cannot proceed through a regular thermal mechanism.
I heard they have an exp of 5 yrs. Mine are dated with an exp of 9/18 and I got them in November 2013.
Hi Norman. 1/6 fold is a large napkin 1st tri-folded (3 even folds on the long end) . Then folded over once. In this case you have a 16.5" x 11.5" open napkin. Taking the 16.5 side - fold left outside edge to middle of napkin, then do the same for the right outside edge. This should give you a 4.5" width but still 16.5 height. Now fold that down (in half). Finished size is 4.5 x 8.5 My measurements come directly from this product I keep in all our powder rooms.
The package does not say "Made in_____________". It does say Osh Kosh, WI but I can't tell if that's where they're made, or if that's where the distributor is located?
8.5x4 inches
Nice and thick linen like towel. But I guess you would consider it one ply. Could not be a two ply I don't think.
They are individually folded...
yes
500 total
4 pack 125 each pack
Hi, I'm sorry, the product is out of stock on back order. We will receive it only in a few weeks. We have in stock Celox 2g. Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
I bought this a few years ago for a relative who is permanently on blood thinners to carry with her 'just in case'. No one is really going to be able to give you a solid expiration date up front. Firstly, it's going to vary based on the batch, when it was made/sold/etc. However I read up a little on this stuff a while back and various sources indicate it will work for many years (well past the expiration date), particularly if the packing as not degraded itself and is still sealed (if it's not things like moisture could get in for example). There are laws that require all medical items to have an expiration date, so it is likely shortened for safety/liability sake since it could potentially be a life-threatening incident when it is used. Still, if you are in my relatives situation I would buy a new one every few years just for piece of mind. $30 for a new bag OR possibly have it not work in a life-threatening situation? Not a hard call there.
Hi Viktor, Guten Tag, Yes, it is in stock. Shipping cost for 10 units will be $11. Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
Hi Nathan, Yes, it is in stock. Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
Yes
Hi Christina, Yes, we can do that. Normally, delivery time is 1-3 weeks from the shipping date. How many units do you need? Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
Hi Inna, I'm sorry, at the moment the product is out of stock on back order. We will receive it in October. Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
Hi John, Yes, we have it in stock. You won't receive it by Wednesday, delivery time averages 2-3 weeks, sometimes even less. The product is coming to you directly from Israel, hence the slightly longer delivery time. ~99.8% arrive without a problem within about 3 weeks (many arrive within less than 2 weeks). Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
Something like 8" * 4" but it has been a while since I've looked at the package.
I'd say go with the expiration date. generally the expiration date just implies the product has lost some of it effectiveness! It should still work just not as will. it all depends on how long its been out of date and how it was stored ie, dark, cool and dry, safely stored in one spot or exposed to sun light, in a moist n hot area? Even simply stuffing it into your back pack unprotected, any ruff handling can make even a new package of Celox less reliable if the contents are exposed to high temps and humid air for long period's of time!
4 1/2" X 8 1/4"
Folded and a very good towel
If you mean personalized with your name or initials, I doubt it but am not sure.
Towel is white, printing is subtle silver/grey.
No
I don't have a front load machine but on my top loader I use the 1/2c. I have depended on Borateem for most of my adult life and there is nothing to equal it. I have not been able to buy it in Wichita, KS or anywhere close for several years. I resorted to buying it in Ohio when we visit family but now I can't get it there either. My clothes started getting grey and just didn't look as clean and I complained to my husband that I just didn't understand why no one carried it. My husband researched it and found it on line for me. I don't know why we hadn't thought about that before. Anyway, front loader or top loader, I am one happy housewife with white and clean clothes thanks to Borateem!!!!
Www.bizrate.com says it is "safe for septic systems"
There is a little tool, but I don't know where you'd get it. However, sharp clippers and strong arms will also get it open.
Pull the band (using its finger-hole) that circles the top of the container. It's a very difficult pull; I've had to have my husband do it for me, and he has often used tools to get it started.
I have been doing this for quit sometime. I found you may have to use less in the front loader. We have very hard water I use maybe 1/4 to 1/2 cup depending on load size. I put it in the drum start the cycle run enough water to dissolve it then put my clothes in. Hope this helps
I have only used this in the laundry. It really removes odors but leaves a light pleasant fresh smell. I do not like scented detergents. It is a non-clorine bleach, so you could probably use it in the way you would use Clorox, but I don't think it has the same sanitizing properties as a clorine bleach.
Absolutely. I use it in HE washers all the time!
Six pieces of hose nuts with o-ring
Hi, the nuts unscrew from the hose, some to the left some to the right, the hose will slide on or off the end of the swivel after the nut is backed off. Be sure to push the hose up a far as possible when reattaching the nut to help reduce leaks, mine always leak a little though.
This is a package of six (6) Hose nuts. They are commonly used in pairs with a hose swivel (pn# 9-100-3002) to connect two lengths of hose.
Yes...yes they are...you can turn them upside down and shake them and nothing will come put
5 and 3/8 inches from inside bottom of tube to bottom of cap when inserted all the way. The tubes I received were 5 7/8 inches in length (outside measurement), the cap 7/8th of an inch tip to tip, about half of which would be outside of the tube.
Mini or plain ones will.
No they do not.
I most definitely think you should buy glass.
Hi, no, they do not. Just a clear tube with no numbers on them.
NO.
Hello, it's 10 per pack... They are very thin though... but we could use them for our bday party.
Yes
yes they would
According to Scientific Equipment of Houston, the manufacturer, these are accurate to +/-5% depending on the volume being measured. This is the disclaimer provided for all of the lab equipment they sell no matter if it's glass, plastic or whatever. I use them for measuring hydroponic nutrients and find them to be very accurate and as accurate as any other measuring equipment you can find for less and than $100.
I wouldn't think so. They're made from a semi-flexible plastic so definitely don't put them on heat/flame.
I do not know about the autoclavable part but the marks are on the outside.
Yes. These beakers are made from a plastic that will be able to withstand dry ice.
Yes you use them
No
No code on the bottom, lightweight plastic, I wouldn't recommend using them over flame or to put very hot or caustic fluids in. We used them as "props" for a "mad scientist" birthday party, put colored water & small pieces dry ice in them.
They are plastic so I would assume that they could stain.
sides are vertical with a separate base. (i.e. they go straight up except at the base at the bottom, where it flares a bit.)
We only used them for colored water with small amounts of dry ice. It's a cheaper plastic product, so you can use it only for non-aggressive fluids.
Dry vac.I do office cleaning.Im telling you don't waste your money on this.It is the biggest piece of junk .It will not even suck up a paper clip.If your looking for dry vac get royal 4001 backpack if you cxn find new,and I did see some.It will suck up a big rag in an instant.Andy
One foot not long at all
If I recall correctly, components are made in a few different countries, including China. The brand name, Great Vacs, is a company based in Utah; they have a good rep for service, repair, pricing and procurement for professional janitorial companies and for household users. I love my 10 QT vac, but it is really big. If you don't have a large space, like a really big house or are doing commercial cleaning, you may prefer one of their smaller back pack vacs. The only problem I've had is that the hose connection to the swiveling ring inside the vac hose end that connects to the wand tube tore off. I duct taped it, so the hose/wand connection still works, but not having that swiveling action can be annoying when you are dust vacc-ing in tight areas or overhead, like when cleaning AC vents and ceiling fan blades. Great Vacs does have a better-made replacement hose, or they hopefully are now sending this vac out with that better hose.
Ahi problems con la bacon
I'm not sure how many amps this uses, but I can tell you that this is a powerful vac. More power then my Dyson. I love it.
Aftermarket part, bulk packaging, but fits and works well on the vac. Would highly recommend it.
I bought this for a bissel powerforce bagless turbo which says it takes style 12 belts and filters. Hope this helps you.
Interesting complaint. The requests for feedback don't nessisarily arrive right away after each order. I wouldn't worry about it. As for the Bissel belts, they are better than the originals so I recommend you continue to order even if they don't ask for a review.
no it does not, use this one http://www.amazon.com/Bissell-203-1730-Vacuum-Belt-Genuinue/dp/B00AW7XIHI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1390414241&sr=8-1&keywords=203-1730
No, this belt will not work on the Bissell Powerglide Pet Lift Off. This belt is about twice the needed size. I purchased this belt at BestBuy hoping it would, and here I am looking for the proper belt
Yes, the shelves can be removed. The shelves can be adjusted in 2 in. increments or completely removed.
It has a 180-lb. load capacity per shelf.
It came assembled. You just had to install the lock which was easy to do.
one lock, two keys.
This foot works for both covering and sewing it into the seam as you would to make pillow. What the foot does, is hold the cording in place, first when you are making your own piping (fabric cover cording) and when you are sewing it in place between two layers of fabric. It will also work if you are making a pillow with store bought piping. Just pay attention to the size (diameter) of the cord. The foot does an excellent job of preventing the cord from "walking" (moving out of place) in either case. You can sew straight and faster and have a much neater looking end product! S
I do not think so. The foot will fit only if you measure and figure out if it is a low shank or not. As for doing the job of a zipper foot, I would say not. I suggest buying a zipper foot for zipper work they will get in much closer. If you use this you will get a sloppy fit.
Yes.
It worked like a dream on my brother. Love this foot!
If your Singer is a low-shank machine, it should fit.
I am not familiar with Janome machines. However, you only need to know if the machine has a low, high, or slant shank. You can probably use your favorite search engine to find something which would either tell you, or have pictures of each type of shank. If your machine has a low shank, then this presser foot should work, but if it has a high shank, you would need to find a high-shank presser foot. Most machines are low-shank machines. I did look at a picture of the 8050, and to me, the shank looks "normal," which would make it a low shank machine, in which case this foot should fit. Hope this helps you.
I don't think they are. I used them to hold mini M&M and jellybean "bacteria" for a mad science party (after washing them, of course). They held up really well with a house full of 7 year olds.
Not sure. I used them for powdered candy. I would say no though. It leaked from them .
What did you put into the tubes?? I used mine for bead storage, so mine are still as clear as the day I bought them 6 months ago. They are plastic, and so will react with chemicals/paints that are put into them.
Yes there are air tight and don't see why not safe to store seeds. Don't know about shrinking but don't think so.
9.5 in. long 4.25 in deep 2.5 in high
9/16 is what I measure.
That information was not included with my purchase. You will have to contact the seller. Sorry I cannot be of more help. I used them to store beads.
Hello Jeanene, Thank you for your interest in our products. Here is the link to the custom printed version. http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00SC09WCW After ordering, we will send an email requesting print information. Kind Regards, Customer service
The rack folds and snaps together I broke the tabs and had to glue mine
I just measured one. They are roughly 26 ml, 5 teaspoons, or just under an ounce when filled to the brim (measured with water using different standards on the same measuring cup). I measured mine and marked them off with a sharpie in 5 ml increments for my usage. Hope that helps.
Only in the depressive phase
I think they will probably work. Don't know how many you'll need, but I know these things are wicked strong. Are the frames for decoration or storage?
Its extremely powerful.
I pried them apart with a dull paring knife. It's tricky, but it can be done.
very slightly gold tone.
I do not know about the medical magnets , this is we bought I use it for knee pain and my husband use it for back pain, it is very powerful and eases the pain completely I short time
no , I do not have it, but when you go to the website they provide it for you , very strong magnets, not the kind you get in stores
You never want to put your smart phone near magnets. Keep all electronics away from them.
I have no way of measuring the magnetic field, but two of these magnets are strong enough to hold five pound weight plates firmly against the sides of a 90 lb. hexagonal dumbbell for normal use.
Not 100% sure what the question means. Each side of the magnet is a separate pole. Put 2 together and they stick, and if you turn one of the over they will repel each other. Hope this helps.
I don't recommend it. The only way I was able to lift the front end of my '04 Accord up high enough to get jack stands under it was by awkwardly lifting each side at the front subframe. This jack just doesn't go high enough to be of much use. It's also really bad quality. I would get a decent floor jack to lift the car, and then of course put jack stands under the reinforced lift points.
The jack fully closed, so the minimum to get it under the vehicle is 7.25". It will extend another 5" from there, but if you have space between car and jack you can lift an additional 2.25" by unthreading the top of the piston. Hope this helps.
6 inches
I would think so. 2 ton is 4000 lbs. I carry several pieces of 2x6 wood to add to the height, if needed.
Yes it does come with a handle.
Fully extended it is that heigh. It is actually quite compact.
You could but I would not. It would certainly be capable to handle the weight but I would use a scissor jack with greater lift height and a more stable base.
No tools. You will also need to purchase mounting hardware and 3 c cell batteries.
Yes! Mine has even mounted with just the adhesive for about 2 years and I haven't had a problem.
cut and paste this on your amazon search "GOJO 276006 Shield, Rugged Floor & Wall Protector Tray, Avoid $$$ Falls & Fines - TFX Dispensers (ea)" this fits Purell 2720
No - you will need to order the foam sanitizer bags separately.
I can not find where there are people complaining about this to find a solution. Are you using the recommended sanitizer? I would change the batteries and make sure the bag is installed correctly. I wish I could offer a solution but I can't find where anyone is having the same issue.
When it didn't come with the sanitizer, I just put it aside and never used mine.
Short answer: no. The long answer: it only works with liquids/foams that come in the proper cartridge. In my medical office, I have some of these dispensers loaded with hand sanitizer gel, some with hand sanitizer foam, and some with foaming hand soap. But they all come in the proper packaging to fit in this dispenser (i.e. you cannot just open this dispenser up and pour in shampoo/conditioner). If you wanted to use shampoo, conditioner, or body wash, you would have to find some that has been packaged to work specifically with this dispenser.
This is the refill that works with the sanitizer that you bought...http://www.amazon.com/dp/B001E6F2QQ/ref=pe_385040_121528360_TE_dp_1
It is the unit only. That's not a surprise as the gel is $60 for 4 1200 ml units. You pay more for the blades so the razor is cheaper.
Yes u can. We purchased one for my daughter's pre-shool and got the stand too.
This youtube video may help. AmScope 490 Series Microscope Unboxing and Setup Tutorial (B490/T490) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGHTM8-SfTc There are other youtube video's with information about this microscope.
Yes it does, I believe it's a 100x lens and It comes with a small container of immersion oil.
No, as bartman stated it is a digital camera that you add in the top port that connects to the computer.
Yes it can be hooked up via the webcam ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006KMQ434 ). The one I purchased with this is a 5Megapixel camera that works very well to capture stills and film video. Also compatible with Mac OSX Mountain Lion to boot.
Yes it comes with a plastic cover
You must connect any camera through the third port(camera port) with an adapter from Amscope that mates to your camera by taking the lens off and bayonetting the adapter on the camera, the other end mates on the third port of the microscope. The resolution of the image is not as good as with regular pictures.
You will need to buy a digital camera, sold separately.
I think you have to buy the adaptor that AmScope sells for a Cannon SLR
I would call amscope - their customer service is excellent. Sorry I can't be more help.
I did not have any problem using the 40 X objective lens. I suggest you call AmScope. They are helpful. Jim
Two..enough for one drawer. The order I placed was with a very nice company to deal with.
The specifications state: "Add stability to your drawer with easy-to-install, screw-on side-mount plastic rails. 285mm (11.2'') long x 19mm (3/4'') wide x 17 mm (21/32'') deep 3/4 extension." The 3mm difference shouldn't matter, but adding 3mm on each side will make the runners 6mm closer together (about 1/4"). That could be an issue. I would measure carefully, or be ready to use a wood rasp to deepen the slots in the drawer..
Not sure, but it isn't easy finding replacements for slides and these were the only ones I found that were close in width to what I had (they are a little fatter and slide not quite as easily). My replacement was for cheap pressboard end tables so I wasn't that concerned with quality and fit because the alternative was throwing the tables away! I suppose you can buy two pair and cut each in "half" leaving an extra 5 inches so you make-up 16 from the 11...
Yes it's more wider than yours but before order u have to check your drawer groves, they might fit into it because some drawers have more wider groves or u can take the drawer to a shop and let them measure for u.
They are 5/16 inch, 8 mm.
Yes! Perfectly
Absolutely correct. Exactly what I recieved. Enjoy!
yes, that's correct. there were five 2-packs in my order.
When I received mine 6 months ago, there were 3 to a pack. And yes, they are exactly as pictured .
Yes, good for 5 years if you change your brushes out every six months, as recommended. Since these brushes have become almost impossible to find at brick-and-mortar retail, it struck me as a great deal. It would've been an even better deal had my daughter not found my stash and taken two of them because it turns out she likes them too!
The bristles are color-coded with the handle color. Pink handle / pink and white bristles. Green handle / green and white bristles etc. hope this helps..it is an older style - my favorite.
That isn't a real question, and it's mostly rhetorical, right? If it isn't, a backwards spout is obviously a defective characteristic and perhaps you just received a bad bottle. I've ordered this item several times and have never had this issue.
Mine is on correctly so the one you have must be an error..
The one I got was one bottle, definitely NOT 28 pounds. 28 ounces maybe.
Absolutely, that is where I use it. Cleans very well.
Yes. Although they are not super soft the are pliable
more like 1/16 inch . i used them to connect to plastic buckets for hydroponics and they held well.
I am not sure. I too was planning on using them for food/ drinks/ fermenting. So I went ahead and got some others that were "food grade" just to be on the safe side.
They are all the same size, 1/4"I.d (inside diameter) X 1/2"o.d (outside diameter)
what are you planning to used them for? but they are what they are just grommets.
1/2 " O.D 1/4 thickness
I use them as the stopper when I make cups. (Mason jar lid, drill hole, place rubber grommet, instant reusable drink cup out of mason jar)
I used a1/2" inch drill bit to make holes for these in thin metal.
It takes a 1/2 inch drilled hole to place the grommet, and accepts a 3/8" diameter pipe. In order to make a good seal, the hole should be drilled very cleanly with no burrs or it &lt;could&gt; leak.
I'm not sure if the manufacturer recommends this for food, however we used them in the lids of mason jars for drinks and had no problems.
They worked fine for a project of my daughters. She was drilling holes in plastic lids for straws. She told me what size grommet she needed. No problems!
Hello, its 1/16" hope that helps
They are supposed to be teflon, which might be able to handle the heat in theory, but I don't think they can handle the heat tbh, so no.
The glass is 16mm O.D. The cap is approx. 17mm. I just measured, albeit with a ruler and not a caliper.
Yes they will. I've autoclaved a set four times without any warping or fatigue. I work at a lab that uses them from time to time and always autoclaves them afterward. The caps are polypropylene, which is your go-to plastic for autoclaving.
Yes, but close the cap tight
yes there is a gasket in the lid and they seem to hold pressure from the small reactions that I use them for.
I haven't calipers, but with holding a rule up, it looks like 10mm inner diameter at the neck. Sorry.
Yes they can be sterilized in a pressure cooker!
I bought this for my mom and she buys the tri-fold paper towels they sell at Sam's Club.
You should be OK, this type of towel is a standard size.
Hi Janet I would imagine it would be around 8 to 12 dollars. Depending on where you are located. When you add it to your card you will be able to get the shipping price before you are required to make final payment.
20887
Yes, this will work with c fold towels. This is a wonderful towel dispenser!
It can hold an entire package of 150 towels perfectly.
I think any tri-fold towel will work. I've tried all three tri-fold towels sold at CostCo (different plys, sizes and number of towels for each type) and they all work fine. FWIW, I've spent far too much time analyzing all three towels CostCo sells and found that it generally takes TWO towels to dry my hands, no matter which one I buy, so now I buy the one that has the best price per towel.
We purchased this for quick touch ups in the office & it's usually stored assembled, so I just went to take it apart & had no problem breaking down the handle. The handle breaks down into for small pieces.
I'm not home this week- will be home Oct. 8 and will measure to get the exact measurements...I do remember it is small- like 9 inchces by 6 inches...I also thought it was overpriced by about $20...just saying...BUT works great...
It does not work on bare floors as well as on rugs - but I use it anyway in my kitchen- just have to run it back and forth a bit more on bare floors.
About 10" long by about 6" wide. Doesn't work very well,
25 tubes and caps
20g. per tube or 20ml, so 50 tubes at 20g = 1000g or 1000ml
They fit mini M and Ms but not skittles or regular M and Ms
Snap
1/2 inch
I think that if you are wanting to use the software that ships with the product to connect the images you see to your computer screen you have to have an AmScope camera attached that the software can recognize. If the camera is not right you will get a "no camera detected" message on the computer and no communication. I only use it with the supplied AmScope camera so I don't know if you can rig up something to take a point and shoot image from the center camera tube and skip using the software entirely. Maybe another user has some experience with that.
You need a DSLR adatper to fit Canon DSLR on to the scope. The model number for the adapter is CA-CAN-SLR.
Sorry, can't tell you what size.
I don't know that answer. I have been very pleased with the microscope and have had no problems.
Hello, Unfortunately we do not have any pre sale trial. We do offer a 14 day return on any purchases.
One Trinocular Compensation-Free Head with 23mm Adjustable Photo Port One Microscope Body with Frame, Base and Halogen Illumination System Four High Quality DIN Objectives, 4X, 10X, 40X and 100X Two Pairs of Widefield Eyepieces, WF10X and WF20X Color Filters, Spare Bulb, Dust Cover, Power Cord, Spare Fuse, Immersion Oil and User's Manual for the Microscope Included One 10MP Digital Camera One USB Cable Two Adapters One CD with Software, Driver and User's Instructions
Yes! I bought my in January and it came as described. However, the software (to record a video or to take pictures) that came with it does not work very well on my Mac pro.
You order 110 or 220 voltage from the manufacturer. anyway you can change the internal wiring for USA or Europe mains
Go back to paperwork that came with scope. There were some fact sheets, how to use scope etc. There also was a sheet on replacement parts. Look carefully for what you are looking for. If not call AmScope customer service but have where bought,serial no. Etc. When I downloaded update I didn't need password. Try model no,serial no .it might work. Good luck
Refractive wise is the same for planar vs distagon. However the way the lenses is cut will change the dispersion between the two. I would say it's planar. To be sure call tech Dept. At AmScope. Most good lenses from Japan & Germany are planar..obviously dispersion is the way the light is bent through lenses.
A plastic cover comes with this model. I have moved the scope with the cover multiple times easily and the cover is sturdy.
Yes we do sell a carrying case for the 490 Series. The model number for the carrying case is CB-B490. You will need to unscrew the trinocular port for the microscope to fit properly into the case.
5 year warranty
This is only brightfield. I would go with the LED.... If I had to buy again.
I don't believe so.
Yes
No its light and dark field.
it comes with an oil Immersion 100X lens and a Dark field Condenser I have used the 100X lens some and it seemed to work. The dark field is interesting seems to work only with the lower lenses but that could be my inexperience.
No owners manual & no download..it's easy to put together. i have no experience.
When using darkfield condenser to view live blood cells, the light intensity will reduce dramatically to provide contrast to the blood cells.
It comes with a 20w bulb installed and a 20w spare. See the technical specifications http://store.amscope.com/t490b.html For a brighter source I would suggest an LED model... this one is rather dull, but it is sufficient for dark field photomicroscopy
Only one comes in the order.
This is a clear glass dropper with no measurement markings whatsoever on it. I hope this helps...
holds 4oz
Yes
It is 3 1/2 inches tall.
I have no idea. I purchased it to hold oil for my paper shredder!
This item has a glass dropper with a rubber gasket to ensure a tight seal with a plastic lid.
NO - no metal anywhere.
The dropper is not graduated. While it could hold 2ml in the entire glass portion, functionally, the volume dispensed is limited by the size of the bulb on top. Using a graduated cylinder, with a single of the bulb, that averaged roughly 0.75 ml, with about 1 ml maximum if you squeeze the bulb multiple times. I use these with spot dishes in Limestone/Dolomite determinations, so the volume is sufficient and exact measurement not as important. I hope that helps.
The bottles I got aren't even able to fill the dropper up barely 1/4 of the way...dunno if it's a problem with the rubber bulb or the way it's attached...anyway it looks like a 1/4 or 1/2 oz dropper
no
5 year warranty on the microscope and 1 year on the light source. Unlimited customer service support and will be here to help you the rest of the way. @Alfred, thanks for the kind recommendation. -Peter
Hello Roger: You would be well advised to contact AmScope direct at the following: AmScope - Amazon Marketplace (tx0ggqkg24crvsr@marketplace.amazon.com), where I had direct contact with Peter who was very helpful. Not being familiar with your A57 Camera, I can only assume that it is a 35mm and I have no doubt that AmScope would have an adapter. I like my set-up because I can connect it directly to my Computer and this also allows others to see what I am seeing as well as the ability to Record & store the Images. Hope this helps/ John Curran
Yes we have a 240V version upon request. Please choose the offer from AmScope in order to request this voltage option, and we ship to Australia.
The closes to x1 I think you'll get is with a 0.3X wide field Barlow lens: http://www.amazon.com/AmScope-SM03-Widefield-Barlow-Microscopes/dp/B009VUP3R0/ref=sr_1_2?s=industrial&ie=UTF8&qid=1397176236&sr=1-2&keywords=amscope+barlow+lens It is not clear why you need x1, since that is zero magnification? I guess if you had a camera connected you can use the microscope as a camera holder. You can contact AmScope about possibly getting a 5X eyepiece, I'm guessing the combination of 0.3X Barlow lens and 5X eyepieces is the closes you will get to X1 without just removing the lenses altogether. I have not personally tried the 0.3X lens so I can't comment on how well the solution will work.
There sure is, you can find it here; http://www.amazon.com/AmScope-Cover-Stand-Articulating-Microscopes/dp/B005ORUUTK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1369164643&sr=8-3&keywords=DC-BOOM
I have this mounted to my trailer. I used the Warn Braket here https://www.warn.com/truck/mounting-systems/universal_flatbed.shtml Bill
Yes, it is power in & power out. It also freewheels when you turn lever & take it out of gear. I have been well pleased with it.
Yes it should!!!
Yes it does

yes it comes with everything you need to install it except a mounting plate.
Comes with a wire cable.
Mine did not. Just the fair lead.
From what I have read they are manufactured in Oregon, however several parts such as the hook, solenoid, etc. Are made in China and Taiwan and various other manufacturing countries.
No they have not. They sent me an email saying the "old simple toggle switch" type was the "new" remote. They still haven't changed the picture either. The one pictured is the new one...and NOT the one you will recieve. Update: They "finally" changed the picture to the "older toggle switch kind" which is what they ship with it. So you will not recieve the "new next generation remote control" that was previously prominently pictured.
You have to get the right bumper.
I am not sure about which trailer mount. the mount holes are 10" X 4.5 " . I hope this helps.
We put it on a trailer. I would assume you would need to purchase the mounting brackets specific to you vehicle
I mounted my waren in a Road Armor bumper, which has brackets built into the bumper for the winch.
Ben the holes are 10 inches wide on center by 4-1/2 inches back on center, hope this helps, good luck.
this winch is power in/power out, but free spool is also available with the flip of a switch. i use it on a f150 supercab with no problems, also to move large tree trunks weighing thousands of pounds. i would by this winch again. j.
Warn has raised their cost to all of us sellers - so that is the best we can do - however if you call - we may be able to get you a "Special" quote. (909) 334-1480
There is no kit offered by WARN for this winch, only the industrial-grade winches. However, I re-wrapped the winch with just two total people, one to work the winch controls, and the other to keep tension on the line while wrapping it.
If you order this part, this part is what you will receive. I can not take out anything. Sorry
No it does not come with any slides.
You can, but you have to buy the seperate camera. A very good buy and the picture quality is amazing.
No, the tungsten light is simply the type of bulb used. It is changed by unscrewing the housing and replacing a bulb. :)
This is not a duoscope. You could put thicker items on the stage as long as you were careful not to scratch the glass through which the light source works. However, if the item is not clear or translucent you will not be able to see anything as the light source is beneath the stage.
Good question,i had considered that myself.It appears that my amscope has a small screw base type thread for the tungsten bulb.My guess is to take out the bulb and check around and see if there is a led replacement with the same thread as the original that can run on 115 volt 20watt rating.Try 1000 bulbs.com.they carry a lot of styles in their inventory.
It does move up and down (otherwise you wouldn't be able to focus), but it does not move forwards, backwards, left, or right. The slides must be adjusted by hand. However, it's not difficult if you have a steady hand, and I haven't felt that it's really a problem.
Yes you can connect this to a computer amscope sells an adapter for it. Here is a link to the cameras amscope sells for this microscope. My gf has one.
It does not come with a 60x objective lense so you cannot achieve 600x magnification. It can do 1000x. You could also buy a 60x objective separately.
The eyepiece must always be removed to insert the lens for the camera adapter. To remove the eyepiece, you first remove the tiny set screw from the lens tube which faces you as you would use the microscope. The tube is slanted so the set screw would be underneath. Use a number 0 Phillip's jeweler's screwdriver and be very careful to insert it squarely into the slots of the set screw. Using a magnifying glass to might help. When you feel the screw loosen, have someone hold a cup or box underneath the screw location to catch the set screw when it comes out of the tube! You don't want to lose it! Now the microscope lens will slide up and out. You're ready to insert you digital camera lens and adapter hardware. All adapters are not the same, so follow the instructions for brand you purchased. Good luck! D. McIntire
It's an incandescent bulb. Most of the scopes I've used heat up quickly and get pretty hot. There are other types of light sources that are cooler like LED.
This was purchased as a gift, but I don't believe it came with slides. I purchased a starter set of slides separately.
Only below. But the light is pretty bright and should allow you to see through items like leaves. Hope this helps
I don't have to proper equipment to Measure but it's about 3/4-1/8-1/16 and then oil immersion. Did you try asking the manufacturer?
The table just moves up and down, but the mechanical stage that mounts on the table will move the slides toward and back as well as side to side. The mechanical stage makes moving the slide very smooth and precise, much better than moving with your fingers. I hope this helps you.
There are many usb digital cameras available from Amsco. Look in their website for a listing from 2 megapixel to to 10, They have an extensive list of accessories for thier microscopes. have fun!
The microscope I have came with one. It just needs to be assembled.
Not sure
A 10X and an 20X eye piece both come with it.
You can see blood cells with this one
This microscope does not come with a usb camera, but you can purchase one separately that will be compatible.
Only the ones that come listed. Did not orders any other ones.
The microscope and a basic number of sample supplies, very limited. Purchase the add-ons as well as the microscope,i.e. slides, droppers, vials, etc. The microscope is well made; we purchased to share the wonders of the microscopic world with our young grandchildren. They are fascinated, which makes the purchase worthwhile. We originally ordered a much less expensive scope, but were not satisfied with the results.
Yes. It has the oil. But the highest power magnifications are only achieved with one of the add-ons; of which there are many. I'm not as proficient in its use so to me it seems a bit complicated. But for those who know what they're doing and don't require the best, I think it will be sufficient.
No! It is shown in the add but, not included in the kit.
USB, no. Power cord for microscope light, yes.
No, I would suggest at least a five gallon vac. When the water level reaches a certain level in the vac it will sometimes squirt out the exhaust before it stops. If the toilet will flush, pour a 5 gallon pail of water into the toilet to forch water out without it refilling and that will lessen the amount of water in the bowl. If that works should be able to get by with a 1.5 gallon vac.
Plug in that doesn't go very far so for outside jobs will def need a extension cord
Hello. All that is on the unit is: 120v, 60HZ 6A. I have Model MC 150A. It uses replacement collection bags #90667 (1 or 1.5 gallon). I have never used it yet for liquids, so I cannot answer your second question...sorry. You may be able to get more info from Shop-vac at (570)326-3557 in the US or www.shopvac.com/support.
Yes the vacuum will work great for this. But I recommend that you buy the ShopVac #9066700 1.5 Gallon all-around collection bags in 3-pack for $7.28 on Amazon. They do not come with the vacuum!
I have used it for the car only. Works great on car carpet.
1.5 gallons as far as I know.
Air exits out the back of the motor housing below the power cord. I use it to vac feathers and seed from the bird I have, haven't had a problem with the exhaust interfering with the vacuuming. It has a short power cord (approximately 6') and approximately 6' hose, so it is mostly a two handed operation.
6 Amps
I have found the same issue and it's very annoying.
I have used this shop vac for general cleaning up and it does seem to have enough suction power.
I wounit push eny more then 3amps i run mine at 5v 0.5 amp. But i don't know there max. -Hope this helps and good luck
Generally, if you want to try safe operation of a LED, other than flashing, or color changing ones designed for 3 volts direct operation ... using a resister of about 50 ohms per volt of driving voltage produces a safe current of 20ma which falls easily within the average LED's range. Some LEDs run at 30ma, but most do not without degradation. So, trying with 147ohm resister might be a little hot, try 200ohms like the ones included with these LEDs, you should get plenty of brightness.
3 volts, or use the supplied resistors and 12 volts is safe
Yes there in difrent small bags with a color stickers on them but if took them all out of the bags and put them in a cup or something you could not tell the different'sa between them :)
If you don't mind brightness varying or burning out a digital output or a power supply when the LED fails, then don't use a resistor. It doesn't matter which lead of the LED the resistor is connected to.
Yes. The brightness problem might not be the led but rather the wiring.
You would have to buy them from the company directly. This is an "assorted" pack and they literally come with six out of ten random colors. (almost every pack has red, yellow, and blue, at least). Go to Microtivity's website and send them an email. They may give you a bulk discount.
Doesn't matter to the LED.
Correct
how do i use them
No. This unit does not come with a switch.
No it does not. 110voltage
Do you mean switch button?
NO, the light is just wires and lights, you would have to do any timers on the electrical side.
Yes I have washed mine several times , comes out just like new. I let it air dry and don't use fabric softner.
No, you don't have to do that. You just put the microfiber cloth part into the slotted cup part and push down on it a bit or you can twist it a bit as you're pushing down and it drains the water as much or little as you like. Works wonderfully.
I do use mine on laminate floors but I make sure I wring it out really well. You have to do this by hand.
45 inches
I bought the Rubbermaid bucket with wringer; they work perfect together!
I could only learn that "Headquarters" is located in Aurora, IL (USA). O'cedar is a division of a company, located in Germany. Are you looking for a "MADE IN THE USA" product? there is a website: http://americansworking.com I could not find ANY mops, but maybe you will have better luck.
I have not tried it, but the wider flap-type mop pieces look like they would work better that the stard string models. A sturdy sponge mop would probably work better (sponge down) to shove it off or get right on through. It helps to run the heater until the roof gets a bit of heat under the snow pile.
I only have ceramic tiles in the entry and there are only 24 of them. I have not seen any streaks. I clean with odoban now but I used white vinegar before that. Just a fourth of a cup in the mop water.
No I have not and I would not. This mop has a tendency to scape the floor where the handle joins the mop. The mop does have very absorbent qualities which make up for the bad in it.
maybe 30 centimeters
New have not put it on the motorhome because of the weather.
The antenna comes with both the mount and signal meter.
It comes with all you need to install it. It is a roof mounted antenna.
Not sure what your question is. If you are repalcing the existing antenna on an RV, and you are placing the Jack antenna on the two bars, that is all you have to do. If you are replacing the complete antenna, they don't make it easy. You will need the additional mounting plate. Read the installation instructions several times as some parts are confusing. I believe Camping World has a discount installation now. I think the cost is around $29.00. That is the way I would go.
It will help to cover the hole. Use plenty of sealant on the plate and the antennae mount.
Yes.
Not sure what your serial number refers to, but I replaced a standard RV antennae which cranks down with this unit. It works fine. I do recommend purchasing the base plate. You will need a tube of self leveling caulk
I have used it on my motor home for two years and find that I get off air TV as well or better than the old "batwing" antenna I used before. Actual range is very much dependent on terrain and weather just like any off air antenna. I have been very pleased with its performance. The signal strength meter is very helpful in aiming the antenna in fringe areas.
If you are talking about a powered antenna, or a satellite and have a splitter in the coax your using, that could be the answer. The 12v is needed to make this work and it won't go through the splitter.
Yes
I don't know the answer, but I would ask the on-line chat at www.amscope.com. They have been very helpful with any questions I have had.
I don't think there is such a function although the software does have a "stitching" function that might provide a work around. In any case, you can copy them to most any word process or image manipulating program, place them side by side and use a screen snipping tool to capture them both and save them as a single image. I would not let it prevent you from purchasing his excellent camera and software since there are many other ways to achieve your goal. Good luck!
This is not a microscope it is a microscope CAMERA. So powe depend on the scope it is on. I found that the clearest images were at magnifications of 250 and below.
The range of exposture time is from 244 microseconds to 2000 milliseconds.
I do not see why it would not - Is a still unit, not a motion recorder. However, mine is attached to a microscope and works very well. It is used with an LED illuminator also from Amazon.
I have it working on w7 but I do not use w8.
The software seems to work better with windows. I tried using my Mac and I ran into the same issue.
I have windows 8.1 and have not encountered any issues so far...
It may be available from the mfg., but did not come with the unit.
It is the camera that fits where the eyepiece goes on the microscope. No stand. The camera works as the eyepiece and send an image to your computer by way of a wire. You view the image and take pictures with your computer by using the software they provide.
The motor measures 3X#X2 1/2 I did not get a disc with it
Yes this motor does reverse direction by simply reversing the leads and seems to provide the same amount of torque in both directions. I have a couple of these that I use to power Halloween animations and get sufficient torque using 12 volt power.
yes
When in doubt .. take it to Lowe's and use their gauges or just trial and error.
I haven't had any problems running it both directions.
Yes, you can adjust the speed with a controller. I did it and not problem so far.
There are probe to analog boards available on amazon. The probe is basically a high impedence battery. You will need an low impedence opamp circuit to use it.
Approx 3 ft
No, Hidrozone has one that replace this unit. Check Hidrozone.com or ask them by e-mail.
if you had a way to check calibrations at that range it would work for a while. A more resistant coating is formed above pH 10.5.
it is a standard bnc connector...
Answer on 1-1-2014: Now this product has been updated. The new version can work on Mac OS systems and Windows. Another major change is the diameter of the lens is 8 mm, smaller than the original 14 mm. Overall the quality and functions of this product have been improved, while the price is still the same. On Mac OX system, one need to use either the PhotoBooth or Facetime software. The software from the manufacturer on the mini CD or downloaded from the seller's website does not work on Mac OS systems.
The Vividia VV Flex Cam 14 has a 14 mm (13.96mm by my calipers) diameter end (which is the largest part of the scope end. The camera is tapered on the back end so that as you draw is out of a hole it will not hang up.
I did not find the software to have a virus. It installed fine and Norton 360 did not complain.
It works like a USB webcam. Don't take my word for it, but I would think if you can use an external USB webcam, then this might work. The button will not take pictures without their software.
No, unless they have released software just recently, it works with Windows only.
As far as I know the answer is no. You might want to check their web site for sure. Or you might want to buy a Windows based tablet.
1" diameter but I have to use the mirror to get a lateral picture of welding
No, this one does not work on iPad. Only one I know of is this one from Amazon: Vividia Wireless Waterproof Flexible Inspection Camera Borescope Endoscope for iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch http://www.amazon.com/Wireless-Waterproof-Inspection-Borescope-Endoscope/dp/B009PMHUK2/ref=sr_1_23?ie=UTF8&qid=1353794616&sr=8-23&keywords=ipad+inspection+camera. This product has good quality.
It had a big depth of field. Everything was in focus from a few inches to a few feet.
Yes, the outer diameter is approximately 5/8".
Yes is the inner diameter, and are not water proof.
It is not a magnet, but it is metal and a magnet will pick it up, if that is what you mean.
I measure 0.067".
The washer is just under 5/8 inch. If you need a larger OD search for "fender washers". If you can't find what you need here, try "Bolt Depot".
Yes and its super easy. Just clips right in. Took about 1 minute. Well worth the $$.
Larry, I removed the old fan and sort of reversed the process. I don't remember it being a problem and it worked well. Any specific problem you're having?
I would suggest that you add it for next time. You need to adjust and keep track of the temperature before adding your eggs to the incubator for at least 24 hours. In other words, you will have to keep a close eye on the temperature to maintain the eggs at the most constant temperature for hatching. Adding the fan will help but you need to make sure the temperature isn't too out of range.
I have a fan in my unit--not sure of model number of either. I think that if the holes line up it shouldn't matter...it's just an air flow system.
This is for the little giant but it is a generic fan. The kit comes with everything you need to install and it takes about 30 seconD's to complete. I have run 4 runs of chicken eggs with it and had no problems. My hatch rate went from 25% to about 85%. Watch your humidity closely. Any circulated air kit will dry the air a good bit so add sponges to help maintain humidity.
120 vac
This unit is powered by splicing into your existing power cord. Don't think it is compatible as a 12volt. Perhaps it could be but don't think it is designed for it.
8.5"
The Pyrex catalog lists it as stopper 9.
Yes. It is Pyrex, which is borosilicate glass.
Yes.
A pot holder. There are brushes for these flasks
I wouldn't put this directly on a red-hot coil; even when filled with water, there's a decent risk of thermal shock with something this big. If your stove has a glass or ceramic top then it might be alright, but I would get something to diffuse the heat. The one thing you do not want to do is pour cold water into this before/while/after it is on the stove. You can boil water in the microwave in this if it fits (it's too tall for mine, and beware superheating). I tend to start being concerned about thermal shock in borosilicate glass when the temperature gradient is over 100 C, so you're right on the edge here.
Advertisers don't always use the exact article if there is another way of getting the photograph. In the case of this Erlenmeyer flask I can assure you that I ordered a 1 liter flask and I received a 1 liter flask. It is a good piece of gear.
Mr research yields a #7.5 bung, whose top diameter, 1.5" equals the inside diameter of the flask. It may be better to move up to a #8, whose bottom diameter will fit into the opening, and the top diameter of 1 9/16ths exceeds the flask ID of 1.5". The avg diameter of the #8 = 1 7/16ths, which allows it to pass into the opening before reaching sealing depth. Here's a link if you want to see the table from which I sourced these measurements: http://www.tngun.com/bung-sizes-for-brewing/
It's not a graduated cylinder that's for sure. Based on the overall diameter of the location you are taking a measurement I imagine it would be very hard to get consistent readings, just due to parallax. If you're looking for something super accurate, this isn't the right tool.
Yes. Like pouring soda from a bottle.
#6
Just measured with my caliper: Inside diameter (before flaring at the mouth): 1.080" Outside diameter (smallest neck section): 1.275" Outside diameter (widest section at mouth): 1.525"
Mine both read 250mL.
The one I received was not. The picture for this item is not Pyrex either. I ended up ordering a real Pyrex flask from a lab supply company as I couldn't find another seller on Amazon that had the real thing. Price and shipping was the same.
I use a 1 3/4" cork stopper. I use the flask for cooking beans!
You should not need a brush. Just soak it in hot water immediately after use, then throw it in the dishwasher. If it gets really bad, you could soak it in PBW. I have never had to go beyond soaking it.
The rim is a little thicker. Perfect for fitting with a wide cork.
Around 1.75 inches, give or take a few thousandths. I don't have a micrometer to be exact.
Yes. That's how I use mine.
I boil my yeast starter in this flask and just use a dish towel wrapped around the neck to pick it up. Crimp a sanitized piece of tin foil over the mouth and then into the fridge for cooling.
The tip became permanently glued on after a few uses, so I just unscrew the whole top part and apply glue with a toothpick. It's much easier to control that way anyhow. And it doesn't seem to be drying out.
In this case it will defiantly work. I don't know better glue than this one! Make sure that a hole is free from glue after use by squeezing it a little otherwise it can dry just like any other glue.
Works very well, the guys at the motorcycle shop I go to use it all the time. That was the reason I bought it.
Im pretty positive it will. This glue has worked on everything I've tried from plastics to fabrics.
I accidentally glued a glass piece of jewelry to my glass table top and it dried to solidly that I ruined the tabletop. I would say it works well on glass to glass and be careful not to spill the glue!
no, but you need epoxy glue for pottery its hold last longer.
Yes. Works well on both surfaces if they are clean of oil and dirt
I didn't use this glue for that in particular, but I used it to glue together a broken piece of a plastic phone case and it bonded the broken part back together. I would think it would be ideal for that!
Hello, We have checked Loctite's website and it states that it is resistant to moisture, most chemicals and freezing temperatures. It is also recommend for rubber and metal. Thanks
Hello Bob, This is Kay with Georgia-Pacific Professional. The Georgia-Pacific Signature 21000 Towel is 9.4" Length x 9.2" Width. The Kimberly-Clark IN-SIGHT 74415 is 5.6" Depth x 5.8" Width x 13.6" Height. No, the 21000 would work properly in that dispenser. Thank you for your interest in Georgia-Pacific products.
I use it with T1790TBK
These are more like the napkins found in dispensers to dry your hands. They are great for cleaning windows. Not for dining.
Hmmm.....interesting question. You realize that this calls for a completely subjective answer, right? What may be soft enough for my face, may not be soft enough for yours.....in fact, I prefer Scott toilet paper which is sandpaper compared with the newer toilet paper products on the market, or even Charmin which is not so new, but much softer. So let me try to give you an answer by way of analogy: Have you ever seen those rolls of brown paper in restrooms in stores? These paper towels are much softer than those. However, these are not anywhere near as soft as the new paper towels marketed by Kleenex (the ones they recommend you use in place of hand towels in the bathroom). We use these mostly in the kitchen, but I do use them to blow my nose and they are soft enough, and strong enough, for that (I go right through tissues!). But, these paper towels are not as soft as Bounty paper towels. A long answer, but I hope it helps.
Hello Elaine, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. The 21000 is a Premium 2-ply, embossed multifold paper towel and is softer and more absorbent than regular multifold paper towels.
These are they tri-fold, so I believe that they are universal. But I'm not 100% sure.
Not as soft as Brawny, but softer than the ones you find in restrooms.
It's for 16 bundles
YES
sorry have no idea, bought for my house
No
My dentist recommended it for after my tooth whitening. But you can use it for every day.
This toothpaste works by itself. Or it can be used after professional whitening. No toothpaste will significantly whiten your teeth but this toothpaste is the best I've ever used, it cleans and brightens your smile nicely.
since you asked i compared it with other toothpastes i have in the house. opalescence has .25%w/v which is about the same as in colgate total and kid's crest. sensodyne has less (.15%w/v).
No, it doesn't.It is a common toothpaste, well-flavoured.
The flavor is cool mint.
Yes
I could not find an expiration date on the tube. We are on our last tube so I do not have the box wither, sorry.
09/15
12/30/13
Shelf Life: 24 months refrigerated - 12 months un-refrigerated
Our tooth paste expires 06/2016 and the flavor is cool mint. Thank you Orthobands
Mint and the expiration is in 2016 I think.
There is no expiration date on the box of 12. I love this product and this was an amazing deal!
Good day. Exp. date 10\14
Mint
no, canfor
I bought it recently and can confirm that this is the cool mint.
Hey, It is 4.7 oz per tube.
yes-- mine is mint. printed on bottom of tube is---"cool mint with fluoride".
Did you purchase the full size 4.7 oz tubes last year or the mini 1.0 oz tubes? Our cost for shipping, amazon fees, and product cost is higher than that.
This is intented for use on only the Dayton model 5UXL7, 5UXL8, 5UXL9, 5UXN0
OD is 1 3/8 inch. Depth is 1/2 inch. Shaft ID is 5/16 inch. Thats as close as I can come with a tape.
Yes, i use them all the time.
No idea
I doubt it. Most of there stuff is made in China.
As far as I am aware. I'm not sure about citogenetic but I can use it to look at AI semen samples to ensure quality of the sample.
I had to go download the newest version: http://unitedscopellc.wordpress.com/2014/01/17/mu-camera-series-software-drivers-manuals/ Here they had software to download for PC and Mac.
It comes with two. One under the base one in place.
no
no you need a computer with a usb port for camera
brightfield
I'm not sure the question but I'll answer what I know. You can replace the HDD in the DVR if you wish maybe for a larger HDD or for backups. You can program it to record all or specific channels all the time. You can program any or all of the channels to record during certain times of the day or days of the week. You can even program it to record some or all channels only when motion is activated. You can have that motion activation set for different times of the day and different areas of the camera's view can be set for the activation, so as to not record unwanted movement; for example, you can program an outside camera pointed at your driveway to ignore the traffic on the road but start recording once movement is in the driveway. Moreover, any of the before mentioned modes can be intermingled by each camera when you program it yourself at home. As a side note, you can back up the HDD files online or via a computer on the network but it is slower than I would like. For example, if I got an email that someone was in my home, I would wish it could record online at the same time for me but this is not exactly an option. You kind of can but it causes other record issues so it is best to hide the DVR so the intruder cannot find it. (side note: the cameras are not the best quality and have a low field of view AKA viewing angle.)
I dont know bout that one but u can with iphone , android, mac, windows . Read on the product and if your kendle has the operating system then it just may. You may need safari on your kendle
amazon... hahahahahaha
No, it does not. When the power does out, it turns off. When it comes back on, it goes to the setup you programed. If the power is out for a long time (not sure how long) it will reset the time and not record unless you have it programed to record always.
The actual bolts are 6 centimeters and two millimeters (2.441 inches), not including the head. The metal part at the end of the white plastic part is 52 millimeters (2.047 inches). Total width of the toggle when folded, ready to be pushed through the hole is 11 millimeters (0.433 inch). Hope this works for you. :) Worked for me, the shelves sit like a house on the house wall. Really perfect.
I don't know why not. The only thing I know is the screw might be too long and may need to be cut off some if u don't have enought clearance behind
Its a 10 piece package
Diameter of the head for the bolts included in box it's pretty close to 6/16, I'd say 11/32.
They do come with the screws. I am not 100% sure on the fact that they are "3/16" but they are as shown in the picture and work great.
It would seem to me that this will work fine. I used this successfully on an exterior stucco wall to mount a mail box. They key is to use a 1/2 inch drill...the round type. This way the drill bit edge will not get caught in the expanded metal lathing.
Possibly, it depends on the type of wall. If the wall is the "horse hair plaster" type it will have horizontal wood lattice with the plaster attached to and between the lattice. If the hole drilled, is through the plaster AND the lattice it may just hold. On the other hand if the wall is just 1/2" sheetrock than its a coin toss. However I would try it anyway and mount something else (not the tv) of that weight capacity plus an additional 10 lbs (50lbs total) and see what happens. Goodluck!
Sorry it's 3/8" the head bigger then 5/16"
Yes, bolts are included, and according to specs on the back of the box, they are 2 1/2 in length.
If the 2 ends aligh then the anchor is flush with the wall. That means it's pulled even. A light tug on the anchor away from the wall should also tell you. You should be able to tell based on the resistance on if you're over-tightening.
1/2 "
I used it to mount around 85 lbs with 6 of these on drywall and worked great but I always kept the TV against the wall instead of pulling it out. Seemed stable enough to pull out though but did not keep it pulled out.
The bolts are 1/4 - 20 x 2 1/2 inches. Here are some photos of the bolts and the box: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/mo897z4nq5s6hxo/wAbbM-52WO/Toggle%20Bolts
I have found these bolts to be fantastically strong. Though I haven't used them in such an application, I'm fairly confident their up to it.
I'd say 1/4-3/8
Make a custom bracket. We need more information in order to answer your question better. I have a large wood mirror that is being hung by a washer hook but it sounds like you have a different type of mirror.
You can snap the retaining collar and straps and push the whole thing inside the wall, but you'll still have the 1/2" hole you'll need to fill/paint. The only way I know to have a zero-impact wall hanging is to use the 3M adhesive hangars. But they can't hold anywhere near the load that these can. (we use these to mount 80" TVs, which obviously would never work with adhesive mounts)
2 1/2 inch
Unlikely, too many things would have to fit together. The grab bar hardware is not likely to match the togglers, I would go with something more specific.
One gallon = 128 oz., 1/2 gallon = 64 oz., one quart = 32 oz., one pint = 16 oz., and one cup = 8 oz. Are we clear?
I don't know. I have never used it on artificial grass, but you can take a small piece of the grass and test it. I don't know why it would hurt but it might.
I like the eucalyptus better. I never had to use on oil stain so don't know how it would do for that. But i do love this product for what i use for so far.
any of the liquids
No
Sure thing on the inflatables. On the Fogmaster Jr., I don't see why not, since it is very concentrated and you have mix it with water, but OdoBan makes a fogging deodorizer one. http://www.amazon.com/OdoBan-970262-G4-Choice-Fogging-Deodorizer/dp/B0055FSK20/ref=pd_sim_hi_4?ie=UTF8&refRID=0GEA4CN830RE2WG4YZJY
Yes fabulous product for that
I've only used it on flooded carpet. It worked great on that, but it leaves the kind of smell that you associate with cleaners--not bad, but definitely that kind of smell. You'd have to wash the clothes in a "normal" detergent afterwards, etc. to get rid of it.
Yup my husband used to smoke in the house n i sprayed it on the carpets n it took the smell out just have to mix it a bit stronger then wat it says on the back of the bottle
Yes, it fits well. They do not stack with the gamma lids.
I'd bet no. It's thin steel, any amount of heat and it will lose temper and rust apart. It's thinner than the pan in my charbroil red grill and that rusts out after about a year of living outdoors.
The seam along the side of the bucket is welded. The bottom is attached by rolling the edge of the bucket over the bottom piece. The bucket is fine. However, it will not work with the dipping basket without modification to the handle on the basket. The handle on the basket is too tall to fit in the bucket and be able to use the lid.
Not sure what gauge, but fairly thin. It dents pretty easily. Okay for light weight use, and of course inexpensive. I use it for ash from the BBQ. Works well for that.
would be tough metal sawz all or a metal saw or grinder
We have misplaced our tape measure, but 13" seems accurate. We use it for ashes from the wood stove and it's an ample size. Not an expert in volume measure, but I'm pretty syre it's 5 gallons.
11 3/4 Dia x 13 1/4 H In, Capacity 5 Gal, It is tapered at the bottom so the bottom diameter is slightly smaller than the top.
Don't know what you mean by gamma lid, but yes, the regular plastic lids will work as well.
I've never had a problem with this vestil chair. Just make sure that you properly secure the seat hooks when you change the height. I weigh about 220 lbs, use a 12" dod and feel comfortable with this chair out in the desert.
No. Although it does lean slightly forward with weight on it.
Yes. It lifts off so it can be raised or lowered. Legs fold flat for easier storage.
Do not know why the discrepancy in the capacity, but it surprised me when we received it, the chair is hefty. I weigh 190+ and use this in our cement driveway, looking through an 8" dob and it is sturdy on the cement without any wobble, have not taken it out into uneven ground as of yet but I do not expect any problems.
Not for me because I weigh over 300 lbs. A skinny person maybe. I need to use some padding and the size of the seat is small. It works good for me for observing with a telescope for short periods of time
This item is an optional deck platform for a hand winch lift truck.
The platform goes on top of the forks.
350lbs
i'd like to see the full description of this product
This particular item is the load platform only in the size of 22" x 24"
The floor jack post actually has 3 sections. The photo only shows the middle section elevated. When the pins are pulled, all 3 sections are flush at the top. And yes, the post does really adjust from 54-150".
yes
It would work IF you put something under the base to spread the stress out. I would imagine a 2X12X12 would suffice but you would want to make sure.
Sure you can use it for that if it is secured properly. Not sure why you would want to do that though. Remember the higher you go, the less weight the jack will hold.
I'm not 100% sure of the actual size but I drilled a 1/2" hole in my concrete floor thru this hole and there was still room for a larger size if needed.
The hole is 7/16" on mine, but there is a burr around the edges that might be troublesome for a rod of that diameter. The rod they supply (which is very short), fits perfectly though and it's exactly 3/8".
I do not know where this trash can is made. It is a very nice one, but there is a piece missing from the hinged lid.
yes a bar that extends the width of the lid hinge
don't waste your time with this product/completely cracked after only 3 months
Dimension Measurement (Inches) Total Product Height 1" Maximum Height Increase for Appliance 5/8" Total Width (outside diameter) 2.59" Effective Usable Top Width (inside diameter) 1.88"
yes they do work great. My washer is on a base/drawer as well. Sometimes if the loads are not balanced my washer will shake but for the most part these work very well. Much better than with out them. hope this helps
The product description says it works on both top and front loading machines.
Yes, Anti-Walk Silent Feet are designed to work with stackable washers and dryers. 1 set of Anti-Walk Silent Feet will support the weight of both appliances. The anti-walk pads will also help because stackable units have a higher center of gravity and a higher tendency to walk and move during operation.
3/4 of an inch
If the pedestal has the adjustable leg footing it should work they fit into the anti skid feet.
Mine are used with a all-in-one laundry center where the dryer is above the washer. I think these could work with stacked units too, but only between the lower unit and the floor.
Yes, plus it will prevent your washer from taking a walk-about.
they helped to stabilize it some, but weren't as beneficial as they were in other spots of the home.
Are the feet of your washer in a drain pan now? These gaskets work very well on a floor. I think that the vibrations that they are buffering could possibly crack a drain pan. Or at the very least, it could reduce the effectiveness of one or the other. I do not use a drain pan.
there are markings and words.
Before.
Four feet of 1/4" heat shrink tubing.
I remember it's one 4ft long tube. I don't known why they put the 26 bag pack in the description, I certainly did not receive 26 pieces.
it is 1/2" inside diameter before heat is applied. The post diameter is determined by how many wires you have running through it. It will shrink to a tight fit around what have in it to about half its original size.
I haven't really had it in the sun much but anything left in the direct sunlight will not fair well.
I don't know the demensions of the chain but I don't think this is wide enough for something like that.
No, it would not tighten around the connection if it were split.
A good hair dryer should work but will probably take a bit longer to get warm enough.
Material is not very flexible. Will tear before it stretches.
Just measured it. Its 3/4" flat and just over 1/2" when round.
2:1
Tough question... I'd say about 1/2 original size. But it depends on what you're putting inside of it. It's tough enough not to tear around what you're shrinking it around. At least, that's how it was for me. But I didn't exactly wrap anything sharp, just wires.
one
I'm not sure the absolute weight limit, but I installed mine on a 50s-era six-burner stove that probably weighs 300#, and these casters work without issue under that load. I'm also pleased at how little they lift the stove -- you can barely tell a difference with and without wheels. But when I need to move the stove (to sweep under it, unplug it, service it), the casters are invaluable.
1 1/4"
1/2"
1 11/16
Well assuming you would be using 4 of them, I would say no. Since water weighs about 8lbs per gallon that would be about 600lbs. These casters are rated at 100lbs per caster. If your stand has 6 legs then they might work but would be borderline.
industrial plastic very good on floors for lightweight items
Yes.
i think it will work i mounted it on 2x6 on the base of my mount
I/2 on bottom lip, 11/4 on side. I made under bed storage boxes with each box holding at least 100 lbs.
Around 2 inches +\~
I do not know the answer to this but I know they fit my Kenmore like they should.
One pair or two shocks come in package.
I am not sure.
Hello. I don't know about compatibility with your machine. I bought them for a specific washer I had. You may need to try the manufacturer website for your machine to find their part number then see if this past is an acceptable alternative. Good luck in your search.
I don't know anything about Lime-away or clr I got Nu-calgon for my ice maker machine I have hard water and it was not working right and I would have to take it apart and clean it with the Nu-calgon all I have to do is add it to the water press clean button on the machine let it go through the steps and then start making ice again and its good for about 4 months before I have to do the steps again so much easier than taking it apart and its lot safer than lime and I think if you get clr on chrome it takes the finish off of it. I don't know if that helps or not.
phosphoric acid (CAS#7664-38-2) and citric acid (CAS#77-92-9)
My thought is that it should
No I do not but you should be able to down load one from Nu-Calgon or contact them
It's a circular opening that dplits in half when you drop the trash in. The circle is probably about the size of a paper plate. Not familiar with adult size diapers so that's about as good a description as I can give.
Get the following it works and Amazon sells it. Janibell Polyethylene Biodegradable 15 Gallon Waste Can Liner, Flat Seal, for 400 Series Waste Disposal System, White, 0.70 Mil, 17.75" x 11.5" x 8"
Discount School Supply has them, the item number is "JANIREF".
We only use for disposable diapers. We love it! No smell and not as much money wasted on genie refills. The Janibell refills last a lot longer. Highly recommend!
For sure, you can tighten them up to fit all kinds of different layouts. You could even use them on a 50cc scooter.
I would think so. They fit on my stock mxz sport
Hi, I'm sure these would, but they are pretty big. About 16" wide and 13" deep.
Yes
I Wouldn't use these on a bike
No problem. They have a velcro strap which sizes them down once over those things. I really like mine. You need to memorize where everything is however. They are well made, and higher quality that I expected for the price. I have zero complaints. In Alaska we just used the sleeves of old winter coats. These things look a bit more professional on a 12K sled.....or whatever I paid for that thing.
Yes, that's what I use them on and they are excellent. Very warm (I rarely use my heaters) and waterproof.
Rachel: The list of slides is on the product description page on Amazon. You will find inside all 25 slides, each labeled and numbered, and a printed master list atop the foam insert that presses against the slides. The list is as follows: Specimen slides in the set are: Pine Leaf, Coprimus Mushroom Set, Sunflower Stem, Young Root of Broad Bean, Onion Epidermis, Tilia Stem, Pumpkin Stem, Lillium Ovary, Lillium Anther, Zea Stem, Nymphaea of Apustio Stem, Hydrilla Verticillata Leaf, Pine Stem, Dog Esophagus, Human Blood, Dog Skeletal, Muscle, Pig Motor Nerve, Rabbit Spinal Cord, Rabbit Testis, Dog Cardiac Muscle, Dense Connective Tissue, Housebee Mouth Parts, Honeybee Worker Leg-Composite, Hydra and Dog Stomach. This is a nice selection to start from. I was not disappointed and I taught biology for 30 years.
No, there is only room for the slides they provided. That said, some of the specimens might not be too interesting and could be removed to make room for you additional slides. It is a very nice box.
They should work with any microscope. We have an inexpensive children's microscope and they work with it.
4x
As long as you have sufficient magnification, either should be ok. My scope with digital imager installed has ~60x as it's lowest magnification and that works fine.
I don't know. I am familiar with how slides are used, proper zoom in, and also the different parts of each specimen, therefore I never downloaded any instructions.
From what I can tell they don't expire.
Yes
Not sure, I am not familiar with that microscope, but they should work with any microscope.
no, the box is wood (comes in a paper box) with a very nice clasp to close. Sure wish they had put more bugs in the selection!
I'm not sure. I Didn't compare the two sets
If you look at the zoom view you can read the list on the inside of the case.
Yes. It's great for science enthusiasts.
Hey, Joe, there are all kinds of slides included in this. There are insects, spores, and bark. This set contains a great, diverse, collection of slides. I highly recommend it. The only problem we had was that the microscope the kids received was a piece of junk! Make sure you have a nice one! All my best- Sam
No.
I think it is just a different selection of slides. I don't remember having to choose between the two versions though. I can tell you that my set is all biological specimens with a wide range of mammalian, insect, and plant sections. I think they sell a 200 slide set, and if I was a betting man, I would bet they divide that into two sets for the 100 slide set.
I have a microscope with 2.5, 4, 10, 20 and 40 oil. My daughter rarely uses anythingover the 10. Mostly the 4 and 10. you can check out any local university surplus. they sometimes have amazing quality microscopes for pretty cheap. otherwise, likely any microscope would do. I would get one with an internal light source rather than the reflector.
The slides are in order and it tells what each slide is from. My 8 year old grandson can figure it out so I think it's pretty self explainatory!
22 plants, 30 animal, 14 insects, 6 human, 28 other assorted items @
A list comes with the set. They are what you might expect in a high school biology/physiology classes. That is various insect parts, vertebrate tissues, fern and higher plant parts, and a variety if unicellular organisms.
They have different specimens, different types of tissues, different organs and different organisms
God forbid it is needed, but if the CAT is actually used they are designed for one-time use according to our CLS instructors. As previously stated, I have used a CAT over and over for training purposes.
No
All 4 I ordered are from North American Rescue.
You will need to put it in a pouch or use some other device to attach it to your webbing.
Yes. But the swat variant is all black. The red tip is so you can see it better.
The items I receive were from North American Rescue. I cannot guarantee any others.
Yes they are the standard strength for a dowel.
I think ity was 30 or 32. Bob
The size indicates the diameter of the dowel pin. The dowels are available from amazon in several different sizes.
There were 30 in the 3/8 in pack.
Each roll is 3/4 inches by 60 feet. These parameters are from the wrapper on one of the ten rolls and each states the same. It seems appropriate based on the volume of tape on each role. There's definitely more than six feet on each roll.
Inner diameter is 1.25", outer diameter is a little less than 3".
I just tried it and YES you can.
I would assume so - electrical tape - hate to think they contained any metal, but never dug down to see what they used to make the tape - sorry.
Yes It will measure air temps as well as substances.
Yes you can
I wouldn't recommend it without buying a long metal thermocouple extender. The flexible ones that come with it have a coating around them that melts at between 120-150 C (so maybe 250-300 F). Found this out the hard way when something smelled like it started burning.
I seriously doubt it since that's 2192 Farienheight. This is also an inaccurate item by 4+ degrees. It does come with thermocouples *2. Hope this was helpful.
I assume there is some measure of calibration at the factory. There is no calibration certificate, nor is there any way to calibrate the unit short of modifying the cable length. It is, however, the most accurate unit I have owned. Unfortunately, that accuracy is only with the original thermocouples - using other type K thermocouples from Amazon and other suppliers results in bizarre readings. It would be very useful to have a calibration function on the unit.
they extend beyond the sheathing about 1/4". They are similar to the ones you can buy on amazon for a few dollars a pair.
Yes, it comes packaged with probes, they are long, around 3ft.
Yes It does
so far about 28 hours.
I don't if this POS can go this high. Me, then my coworker bought this POS over a year ago. Mine went into garbag very soon after even I payed around $60 for it. My coworker stopped using his. I don't want to go into long details why it is a POS but stay away!!! ONLY buy FLUKE. It cost more but you get what you paid. I don't know if you trying to measure a volcano temperature but look at Fluke CNX t3000 or ask on HVAC forums what they would recommend.
No . This toothpaste doesn't contain glycerin
Idk for sure but Mercola isn't the type of guy to overlook those details.
You can ask them directly and they will respond.
Hello Lani, There are three tubes of toothpaste. It's a great product even though the tubes themselves start breaking down. I am sure Mercola knows that by now and hopefully they have changed the material. You will be very pleased with the product. Happy shopping! :-) Marilyn
07/14. It should be on the crimped end of the tube, the second set of numbers
7%
It will kill/reduce most forms of aerobic bacteria in a reasonably clean water system. If you have high concentration of bacteria, you should treat with a higher concentration oh H2O2, and maintain the water system with this.
I use it in my hot tub. Seems to work well.
Months. Peroxide degrades faster in higher concentrations; It's a 7% solution, which should remain usefully stable for quite some time, provided you keep it in a cool (&lt; 23C) place. I go through it at a rate of around a gallon per two months or so, so it hasn't been an issue thus far.
Not sure what you mean by "durable". It's a liquid you add to water softener system. Does it work to kill the sulphur odor? Yes.
Short answer: no. This product is for water systems to eliminate iron and sulphur odor in water.
Each jaw pad/face is 5.5" wide by 1.25" tall by 0.5" thick. Those dimensions must include the packaging.
I haven't used it with alder or basswood, but it doesn't leave marks on other soft woods such as pine and poplar. The jaws are fairly soft plastic so it's been my experience that they won't damage softer woods as long as the clamping force is distributed over as large an area as possible and the vise is not over tightened.
The two magnets embedded in the plastic are exactly 3 inches apart (from outside edges of magnets) so that leaves you 1/4 inch of plastic beyond each magnet if you cut them to 3 1/2 inches. If you use a chop saw, go slowly because the plastic is fairly dense and will catch the blade and go flying and break the plastic if you force it at all (don't ask me how I know). If you go slowly, you can get a clean cut.
Excellent material, Yes it will. It depends to the size of your vise.
Yes
It's gonna be a great deal of pressure on the muzzle break. I'd be extremely careful
The reason the jaw width is not in the title is because it can be cut to fit what size you need up to 6".
I would not cut these just get a larger vise
Try dampening the tile just a little. This might not work. Tile is very porous.
About 1.5 inches.
Yes...Its a great little vise.
About 2 1/8"
All depends on the porousness of the wooden top. For example it does well on my computer desktop, but after about an hour it will loosen. If it's a perspex type finish it will stick with no problem, if its a very porous finish then it wont grip for long. The idea below of spaying on water first would be a good solution to block any air gaps with the water, but it is a very cool product for what it is and I would recommend you purchase and try. It's not heavy, but is very rigid and easy to use. If you where going to use it regularly in the same place, you could consider purchasing a very thin piece of plastic (like a tile shape) and sticking it on to the wood first, then sticking the vise to the tile. Well worth buying and trying.
my experience in replacing about 10 of these over the years is that the electric motor and fan head are interchangeable with about every fan that is the same size and will fit in each grill without modifying it.
I'm not sure about the motor itself, but the whole unit runs off the 110 V house current. I just used it as a replacement for my noisy old fan motor.
.7 I believe
FYI This motors is probably used in 75% of all gans out on the market doesn't the magnetic field diminish with distance How close you plan on being in for how long
Same as the one you're probably replacing; soft to medium noise.
Is the motor reversible? Honestly don't know...and I imagine reversing the wiring hookups wouldn't work, either. If you're trying to suck the outside air in, rather than forcing the inside air out, wouldn't that depend on the fan blade design?
Not really sure,about 5'' I already have it installed.
I happened to have 1 new in box. The shaft extends 1 11/16 inches from the motor body. About 7/16" of the end of the shaft is grooved to retain the fan.
Not sure, but the bearings in mine went out 5 minutes after I installed it... noisier now than the noisy one I replaced.
One
Not last time I bought it. I purchased a six pack. So check the quantity
Dear J. L. Corran, Thank you for contacting with us. Manufacture have only 6 oz product. Let us know if you have any queries in this regards. Thank You, Chandu.A
One
Neem Complete Care as stated on my tube, Ingredients:precipitated calcium carbonate, sorbitol, aqua, glycerine, hydrated silica, sodium lauryl sulphate, flavour, sodium silicate, sodiumcarboxymethylcellulose, carrogeenan, sodium saccharin, methylpamben, propylparaben, neem extract, soldium monofluoro phosphate, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, tea tree oil, CI19140, CI 42090. Natural & Nature derived ingredients, 100% vegetarian.
I am sure it was 200g 7.5 oz
India.
The label states that it contain 1000 ppm max of fluoride but it does not mention SLS.
200 grams. It is the size of a regular toothpaste.
with the wheels.
You are provided with wheels and short legs. You choose which to install. They can be removed and replaced at will with no difficulty.
Yes I am sure when it gets low you'll have to take lid off, it is a nice container whatever you use it for.
I have found that if I pack the trash down into the bag to get as much as I can into the bag before taking it out it will be harder to get out and will catch on the screws from the handles. What I did to prevent that is cover the screws with packing tape and it doesn't happen any longer. Or not stuff the bags so full. Hope this helps.
Guess it depends on how long your going to let it set before you take it out?? We personally have no issues with this. If I would put something in it that stinks I would remove it from the house promptly.
It is not equal to counter. It would fit under counter without castors. Great can.
It is plastic and metal. I think the weather would take a toll on the materials, but it would definitely function fine. Keep in mind that the opening stays open and rain could be problematic. All in all, I love this trash receptacle. It is very mobile, generously sized, the flat top adds a little work space that can be extremely handy. The castors are removable if you want it to sit flat. I prefer it on wheels because then my dog cannot tip it over, a huge plus.
It is not a high gloss finish like nickel and I do not think it is "coated". It has a soft polish and I keep it clean with a kitchen disinfectant wipe or with Windex. It is not difficult to clean. I am quite happy with it.
Yes magnets stick to it.
There is no plastic insert. The inside is just the backside of the stainless steel exterior.
I don't believe that the lifter would handle that kind of weight, even to raise one side for placement of sliders. I really like mine, but it has its limits. Maybe you can rent some piece of equipment for this project instead of having to buy it. It's possible that the safe couldn't be moved back into place right away, though, which could lead to more rental expense. (My husband and my son once moved an 800-pound safe from a truck bed, across carpeted floors and into an interior room, and I thought they would both end up in the hospital. Moving your safe around the room should be much easier. The hardest part is tilting it to put something underneath in order to slide it - and tilting again to remove whatever you have put underneath.)
I wouldn't. I got rid of mine. Dangerous. That second black piece that should stay in place moves creating a problem. I was trying to lift a bed.
It's about 1/4 inch, which includes the plastic plus foam backing.
Without getting up, getting the lifter, and trying it out....... I'd say about 3 inches is the max height it will lift say, a couch or large chair, or whatever.
I wouldn't. They have a layer of neoprene foam on top that would likely be damaged. Also, the couch would probably move any time you sat down on it.
NO.
I'm not sure but, I have used it both on carpet and bare floors.
No.............1/16 inch is .0625 inches......the thickness of the lifter is less than but close to .30 inches........you could use a wedge to lift the cabinet on a hard floor to the .30 inches to get the lifter under it...........or physically lift it (2-3 people) to the .30 inches.
We moved an upright piano, but it can make a difference on the type of surface you are moving across. We had it on carpet and temporarily moved the piano to a tile floor, then moved it back. Piano is on casters and lifting onto pads was difficult, number one, but once we had the pads positioned, it was possible. The pads tended to slide off when moving from carpet, so we were repositioning the four pads when each would come away from the piano casters. Using the pads was immeasurably easier using the pads than lifting and carrying the piano. So....yes, they are useful for moving an upright piano.
These things worked like magic for me. I am 5'2'' and moved a full sized dresser, chest of drawers, and cedar chest by myself over thick carpet. e
http://www.dudadiesel.com/search.php?query=rebuild+kit As a matter of fact we do. This link will show you the different options we have.
I've pumped fuel at 50 below. the plastic cover over the start button freezes solid so I wormed it up with a hair dryer.
Yes. It is a 1" inlet and outlay
Filters go after the pump but you could put a strainer before the pump. A strainer will keep damaging things like rocks from getting into the pump.
Think its only rated for #2 fuel
The pump unit needs about 550 watts....so whether 12 vdc or 24 vdc., your inverter must be able to deliver 550 watts.
I would imagine it would as it's about same viscosity of heating oil. The pump works great.
It's 1/2 HP
Yes on the hose head
I pump #2 heating oil or diesel fuel through this... It pumps well with that viscosity
2 inhes
I would not use an abrasive pad on wood floors use a wool or silk pad.
I'm not sure but I don't see why not....I used them on terrazzo,( a stone floor), and they polished up nicely.
yes
Yes.... I use it on my travertine floors and have no issues.
I put them on the lowest setting and after the first few times the bed broke down and we had to go buy a new bed frame.
It had been a while since we installed them. From what I recall, they fit into the legs of the metal bed frame perfectly. As in the picture, the top part is metal with a plastic surrounding it. Adjusting the height was not much trouble at all. Ideal for the twin need frame.Very sturdy and best we could find.
Fits into channel. No threads.
Not at all stable for a twin bed I couldn't use them
Ok, lets try again. Well, the casters are very strong, so they are sturdy enough for that themselves. But if you have your bedframe on a slight angle (what will happen if you have the foot height low, the two in the middle a little higher (a few inches) and the two at the headboard highest (maybe 4 inches higher) then the holes in the steel frame will be on a slight angle (unless they adjust on your bed frame - which I have never seen but hey, maybe you have a bed frame with adjustable caster mounting holes) and most bed frames are fairly cheaply made and do not have the necessary strength to hold the bed weight on this unintended angle. The frames are made to bear straight down on the casters. You could probably have a welder tack a little support rod around the holes to strengthen them maybe. That would be a lot of work though.
I'm not sure I understand your question - but the stem that inserts into the bed frame leg is 3/8" diameter and 1/2" diameter plugs are included (both of which are considered industry standard and fit the majority of frames). If that doesn't answer your question, please let us know or feel free to call us at 1-800-823-4233.
No, only the top, or only the bottom. I thought about using both lights at once, but after using it as is, one light or the other is perfect for my use, no need for both being on at the same time.
80 is the total, there is only a knob for focusing. You can also adjust how close to the base the optics are with a knob.
It is 80x magnification. You will need to attach the 8x lens that comes with the microscope.
halogen - gets very hot but very bright. I don't like the heat but it is much brighter than an LED.
No. To do anything like that, you'd need to buy a separate camera, and even then, this scope isn't really set up to to accommodate a camera. If you're hoping to show images on a computer, you should definitely go with one of the other options that come with a camera.
It's worth it and soon wonderful to open the eyes up for kids. I use it all the time with my 6 year old grandson to look at everything from dust to dead insects to???? It's just a fun toy that helps kids "see" a new world!! Do it.
Yes they are adjustable
Shouldn't it be in the box? Actually the use is quite self explanatory. 1. The switch: forward = incidental light, backward = transmitted light, middle = off 2. Lens touret: Rotate to 2x or 4x positions till it clicks into position. 3. Eye pieces: Two sets of eye pieces 10x or 20x. Loosen the small retaining screw on the side to change the eye pieces. 4. Open or close the eye pieces so you only have one picture with both eyes open. Cover the adjustable eye piece, and adjust the focus knob till the picture is at the sharpest in the other eye piece. Switch the cover to the non adjustable eye piece, look through the adjustable eye piece and adjust this eye piece till the picture is sharpest. Now you have adjusted the scope for both eyes and will not make your brain work any harder than it has to. My most enjoyable moments: share my learning with my grandsons.
It's at least a pound, it's a great scope for the price. I use it to sharpen my straight razors and even a few times on my pocket watch repairs.
Just depends how big you want the item to be. What will you be looking at with this?
No. It has a three-way switch. One position lights up the top, another position lights up the bottom and the third position is off.
Yes. You can choose to turn on one of the light at a time.
Not adjustable but on this one you do have two different light sources. If you only want to use one you can turn the other light source off. I hope this helped
I used images from the camera it for a presentation and it looked just fine
Yes
The surface does get warm but not "hot". If you're using this for live specimens buffer the light surface and the specimen, hence use a lifted tray of some sort. The light frequency would warm a specimen if placed over this light for any length of time.
This comes with a cord that uses 120v and plugs into the wall in the USA.
no. The stereoscopic image is fine. No blur nor double image. However, and this is not a fault but just a characteristic, be aware that the photos or videos with the provided camera or using the adapter for DSLR, cannot reproduce the stereoscopy you get when watching with with your both eyes (camera uses only one ocular).
You will need two days shipping in that case. If you are a prime member you can get the 2 days shipping for free.
Nope
Yes. You should be able to use any 4-1/2" grinder wheels with your 4-1/2" grinder. Further you can use smaller wheels as well such as wire wheels as long as the arbor hole matches (usually 5/8" for this size grinder). Hope this helps and happy grinding. Don't forget safety glasses.
It did not come with an adapter if my memory serves me well.
I don't know for sure but I think that blade is just for metal cutting.
It will cut your shaft but you may burn threw one or two disks to do it. a chop saw with a 12" to 14 " blade would be better if you are cutting a lot of hard shafts.
Yes it will grind galvanized steel but the dust is toxic so a respirator should be used.
It will cut like a knife through butter.
The accuracy for humidity is +/-2% @ 20% -80% humidity. The maximum margin of error is +/-4% when outside of that range.
I suggest you call Lascar in PA and talk directly with their technical folks. They are very easy to reach and very helpful. I have two of their units and both are truly excellent, but I doubt these are built for weather resistance as these contain a lot of open plastic parts, an alkaline battery and a fragile sensor head.
Yes, you can select what you want to record during the setup phase.
Well I have the 7.3cu samsung dv365etbgsf but it doesn't work for it, the rack is too big for the dryer
Nope
No it didn't.
This product did not fit our dryer even though it advertised that it did. I had to pay $12 to ship the product back without any compensation. Not worth the headache.
It did not fit mine u had to return it.
Does not fit newer models were the inside of the dryer door protrudes into the dryer. I have read where someone had cut part of the rack off.
It did not fit properly.
Hello, Thank you for your inquiry. Yes, DC61-01522A is compatible with this model.
After searching a few websites, it doesn't appear it will. It does list DV331AEW however.
The head is good and solid. I like that, but it is the rest of the mop that is not good. First the part that holds the water stoped working, the company replaced it free, but I had to pay postage (I had to pay postage when I bought it), then the handle broke, I called the company and told the gentelman I just want my money back, they don't give refunds. They would replace the handle but I would have to pay postage (again). For one year they replace parts but you have to pay postage every time, after the year is up your stuck. Also the mop pads are to small. I have almost $200.00 in my mop and I'm still using it with a broken handle. The handle is 1/8" thick and it is hollow. Why they made it like that I don't understand. The mop head is way to heavy for the thin handle. But, yes, the head will clean anything. PVC glue does not work on it, different kind of plastic I guess. Duct tape doesn't work eithor, slides right off. That is my experience.
To be perfectly honest I don't know for ssure. I use it on hard wood floors, kitchen and bathroom tiles and the )oh gosh can't think of what it's alled_ ceramic tiles in the sunroom. If you can't find the answer I would suggest to contact the manufacturer. Hope this was of some help
The mop requires only distilled water in the tank, nothing else. When washing, do not bleach or use fabric softener on the mop pads. Because I use dryer sheets, I put the pads in a nylon mesh bag to wash. That makes it easy to find and remove them before they go into the dryer. If you use liquid softener in the washer, you need to wash the pads by hand or leave out the softener for that load.
this is for north america, Input Votage is 110V, if you need 220v We can ask factory send to you, need tell us about it
this is for north america, Input Votage is 110V, if you need 220v We can ask factory send to you,(please mail me about it if you ordered from us)
The manufacturer is Thane Direct UK Ltd in London. The mop is made in China. www.thanedirect.co.uk
It should have come with it. Go to h20 xq and they also have new items that works well for grought
Wish I could help but my H2O mop quit working and I called the company and they said my model is discontinued (after 2 yrs.) I would not buy another one from them! They should stand behind their product or get out of the business. I called around and found that repair co. do not want to even look at it. Therefore I am out of luck !
I do not know I have not used this on grout very much. Although i have used it on our school bathroom floor and it seemed to clean up ok. I did not pay real close attention to that because the grout is not that dirty. Sorry i could not help you out more.
Yes. It's just like mopping but no chemicals, so no residue.
Hi Carlos, Unfortunately not at this time. But we have passed this information along as a recommendation to the manufacture and hope to see this feature added in the future. :) Best Regards, Sales Team
The fire viewing area is 21" W x 11 " H...Also the height and intensity of the flames can be controlled with the included remote.
I'm sure it is at the bottom.
For safety measures, it is not recommended to be flush mounted. It is intended to be hung only.
There is an option that does no heat, DF-EFP148NH. That unit is meant to be recessed and may be better for you.
Don't think enough heat is emitted to matter, in any event the fan blows it away from the unit downward
The room is 16x12. It heats the room quickly
All information on all the different units available can be found on their website: http://www.yosemitehomedecor.com/fireplaces as there are many different sizes and some with and without heaters. If there is any information not available, customer service is great to work with as I had to call them a couple times for more information. They emailed me specks on a couple of the units. Hope this helps.
No. Wall mounted only. It comes with a heavy duty mounting plate made of metal. You secure the plate to wall studs and then hang the fireplace on the plate.
No music playing capability. this is a heat/display unit
This is not a TV, it's a light which is projected on a screen. It does look great when lit and you can dim the intensity of the light. The heater outlet is on the underside center bottom. Will warm a 12 x 15' room within minutes.
no - it is just 110V
Hello Denny--It's all metal, but the detailing is very beautiful. If you are particular the way I am, I think you will be plesantly surprised. Everytime I look at it, I am stunned with the quality and realism.
Hi Eileen--46" wide and 42" high and sits about 2 feet from the wall. If you are seriously considering this fireplace, know that there is a bit of 'white noise' when you turn it on, but if you've got a nice sound system, you won't notice it, especially if you are having a get together. Otherwise, you will not be disappointed in this product. Even the packaging is impressive.
Hi, We are not sure how slight is the knocking but if it seems like a crackling sound, like the sound of burning wood, that should be normal. Otherwise, there might be an issue inside the item. We hope that helps. Thank you, Sales Team
Hi Joy--yes it comes with a remote control. I think it even comes with the batteries, but I can't remember.
No
After seeing one for circuit board repair, I had to get it too. Quite impressed with its quality. 10X was good enough, did not even need 20X for this application. I can send you pictures of the eyepiece for details.
You do not need to remove the screw. You only need to screw it out far enough it does not hold the eyepiece in place.
No, not that I am aware of.
Fot the money it costs it is fantastic no complaints at all.
I have a Variscope that works quite well. i also have a Celestron that i do not like as well, but it does work, the software is not as easy for me to use for an old fossil like me. As long as the camera fits in the microscope eyepiece, or comes with the correct size adapter, and the software is comparable with your PC. My Variscope will not work on my Mac.
Hello Michael, Yes, we can ship to Hong Kong.
The manufacturer is the first option. Don't remember if there was any address on the box. I believe they are a standard size as my eyepiece camera fits 2 different microscopes.
Yes we do. Please contact us at 949-333-0001 M-F PST so we can help you set up the international shipping. Thank you.
28.6mm outer diameter, not including the top lip which is 33mm
With the cap on the test tube is 6" tall; without the cap it is as advertised 5.75".
They are polycarbonate and I have stored food in them with no problem, as many food containers are made the same way. Be aware that once you tighten the cap down fully, it locks a tamper ring, and when you unscrew it, it breaks the ring off showing it has been opened. Does not impede future use though.
They are air tight. I use them to store yeast and have never had a problem.
Yes, all blue.
I have no idea, their about 1 inch in diameter from what I recall.
Because of the thickness of the plastic, they are probably closer to 30mm on the outside. They fit in a rack with larger holes. I had the same problem and had to find a different rack. They are very durable and highly recommended!
Each holds a little over an ounce.
Sorry, no idea. I purchased them for seasoning storage during backpacking.
They're about 1/32" at the very end.
Graduations are .1mL, .25mL, .5mL, .75mL and 1.0mL
To completely avoid any air bubbles, you'd have to completely empty it of air before filling, so that's pretty much impossible. But, so long you keep the opening submerged when filling, the nozzle won't have any bubbles.
I've used them with prep of foods... I've never had any problems with them.. So in my Opinion yes you can
From end to end they are 5 and 3/4 inches. The box said 145mm
There is a mark for each Mil example: .5ml, 1ml, 2ml and 3ml are clearly shown. No guessing if you need only need a mil or 2
I think it would work fine , I've used them for acrylic paint. If the paint is to thick you can thin it a little. But they have pretty good suction and worked well for me.
Total length is 14.5cm, which includes bulb. Usable length is 10cm.
Yes
Glass!
I ordered and it was 24! Very good quality and best price ive seen around. Go for it!
Good question....I am interested in knowing this as well.
This particular item is the large kit only.
This is for the larger if the two.
It fit my Pittman Classic that I nought years ago. It stretches.
~ 5" x 3" x 0.75"... appears to be a mill end so not a perfect rectangle
One advantage of using magnesium to start fires with small tender is that magnesium will ignite under damp conditions. There is a good reason to protect the bar of magnesium from moisture and air though. It oxidizes the same as iron and copper. Faster in fact. I haven't witnessed this, but my research revealed that the oxidized material is greyish in color. I keep the bar in a zip-lock bag and take it out only to scrape off shavings when needed.
You can use magnesium as a sacrificial anode, but you wouldn't want an ingot for protecting a radiator.
Hello Karena.... This ingot is actually quite a nice piece of it. You can create shavings from it, you can machine into something if you like as well. The piece that I received is nearly 1 inch thick, 3 inches across and just short of 4.5 inches long. The structure of it comes from an ingot end so it is pretty sturdy too.
You are really askin a smart question! Now it's time to decide where you are gonna order from! Smack yourself for answer!
This bucket is about quart size. Maybe 8 tablets. I months worth on my system
Yes, the items I reeceived are "disckets"
My suggestion is to drop 1 tablet into the feeder tube, wait until it's gone and then drop another one down. As waste flows across the bottom tablet it will soften and allow the ones above it to drop lower and melt into the bottom one. The goo should still be melting into the waste but if it's a problem I'd only use 1 tablet at a time.
Probably not what you are looking for. These are for the third stage of an aerobic septic system, things are relatively clean by the 3rd stage compared to an outhouse, which is more like the first stage of a 3 stage septic system.
Gosh I am not sure...my husband takes care of this but I will ask him when he comes home. I can say that we are well satisfied with the product and they ship very fast.
I wouldn't trust anyone on the internet with a decision that could ruin the balance of your aerobic system. The description says "Each tablet contains a minimum of 70% chlorine with a dosing rate of 21 ppm. They can be utilized in any aerobic septic system."
Yes
Yes it is. We have used it in ours since we got it. And the company that does the maintenance recommends it.
Yes. The ToupView software supports a variety of formats: JPEG, bmp, tiff and others.
Yes, you cant measure the specimen size (length, radius, diammeter, rectangle, angle, circle, ellipse, etc.) in micron, nanometer, milimeter, centimeter, inch and degree and radians in angular measures.
I thought it was on the CD but am not certain. The application software has a "help" which might be of benefit to you as well.
We have had problems from day one with it. We have even replaced our microscope thinking that was the problem. The camera is a frustrating waste of money.
The software does have the ability to measure after calibration and I believe it does have ability to add captions to the pictures although I have not used that function. On another note I had first purchased the 3MP camera then later purchased the 10MP and I'll tell you there's a big difference. Hope this helped
IF the internal diameter of the tube accomodating the ocular is "standard" (23 mm) it will. I do not understand the second part of your question. The Amscope MU 1000 IS the camera inj itself and will be placed instaed of any regular ocular.
Dear Customer, thank you for asking a question. The C-mount adapter is 23mm, and there are also two adapters included: 30mm and 30.5mm. These three sizes are industry standard sizes. Please feel free to ask another question. Thank you.
We use this camera on the side port of a Nikon Diaphot 300 inverted scope. The camera adds about 1.5X compared to the eyepeice view. Have not used this camera on the eyepeice itself.
I have no trouble with attachments. The power head does slow down or stop on heavy carpet or if you push down but it's great for low pile carpet. The vacuum is great for hardwood or laminate floors. Not the greatest if your entire house is thick carpet. You would need a vacuum with an electric power head for a lot of carpet. The power head on the numatic is air powered.
Three
I would ask the buyer, I know 3 or 4 people with this machine and some came with all floor attachments and some did not. One friend had to buy the one with rotating brush separately, but I did not. Sorry I couldn't be more help.
It's a small unit. Approximately 13" tall and about 15" across. Great vacuum cleaner with lots of power. I love mine.
call me tomorrow after 10 o'clock 516 8972 900
Yes - and we've had one for over six months and it is by far and away the best vacuum we've had.
The airbrush does work well on carpets. I used it on my carpets, then went over the area with my wind tunnel vacuum to see if it left anything behind on the carpets. They were clean and free of pet hair. I have 3 cats and it does a great job.
Yes, I actually got this for my Vape.
Not even close. This is a food grade lubricant.
It is. A 50/50 mix of distilled water and propylene glycol will maintain 70% RH. Big name manufacturers will tell you theirs is "premixed" and not to add water. They don't breakdown the ratios on the label as it may be self defeating to let you know how to make your own. They market their name and convenience and you pay a premium for it. Xikar does have a quality container though and I have been using their 8oz squeeze bottle to mix and dispense the solution.
An ingredient in e-cigarette liquid
yes i use for e-liquid
yes, it is listed as food grade on the label.
It looks like it
If you mean the additive in soap or candles then no it's not. If you meant "topical glycerin" no,it's not the same. Hope you find what you are looking for:)
No this is for foods a medicines. It is a thick liquid.
my bottle weighs 17 ounces
USP is not a grade itself. Rather, USP is the acronym for United States Pharmacopeia, the body responsible for setting the standards. So if you look at the label, you will see USP Kosher Food Grade. This indicates that this product meets the USP standard for food grade propylene glycol.
To dilute fat soluble dietary supplenents so they can be a convient dropper vial.
It's a quart
These carriers are made in four grades: Pharmaceutical Grade - for human consumption including by inhalation Food Grade - for human consumption by ingestion but not inhalation Agricultural (Farm) Grade - for use in connection with animals Industrial Grade - for use in machinery, manufacturing and similar purposes All of these grades except Pharma Grade contain contaminants, in increasing amounts as the grade quality reduces. This is the difference in the grades. DO NOT BUY FARM GRADE OR INDUSTRIAL GRADE MATERIALS FOR INHALATION - THEY ARE CONTAMINATED. Even Food Grade should probably not be inhaled, because the digestive system can handle the contaminants in it that the lungs may not be able to. An example of this kind of difference is the flavoring chemical diacetyl, which has a very strong butter popcorn aroma. It is safe for ingestion (eating) as the digestive system can neutralize it; but it can be fatal when inhaled over a period of time as it causes a degenerative lung disease called 'popcorn lung', Bronchiolitis Obliterans. This is a rather extreme analogy, admittedly, but it does illustrate the very wide difference between the digestive tract and the lungs. PG and VG are both sold in good quality and are labelled: Propylene Glycol, USP (or BP or EU) Glycerine, USP (or BP or EU) It is possible that a USP product can be either pharma grade or food grade. The USP designation only refers to a general production regime and does not cover the exact contaminants as long as the minimum standard is met. So a USP product might be considered safe for inhalation; or it might, on test, prove inadvisable to inhale. The only product that is guaranteed to be suitable for inhalation is a product that is (a) designated by the manufacturer as Pharmaceutical Grade, and that (b) also has a provable license for inclusion in a specific inhalable medicine. Needless to say this is virtually impossible to locate for the individual buyer. A vendor would be able to buy e.g. Dow Optim glycerine in quantity, for mixing down (or its PG equivalent), and be assured the material is suitable. This however doesn't take into account the nicotine base carrier PG or glycerine. As a practical example, the FDA has warned that glycerine marked USP may contain toxic components from biodiesel byproduct manufacture, and currently there appears to be no way of determining whether or not a USP product contains biodiesel byproduct glycerine. Only synthetic pharma grade glycerine can be be assumed to be free of such contaminants at this time. PG Only propylene glycol of pharma grade should be inhaled, no other grade is suitable. All other grades contain contaminants. VG Glycerine should only be inhaled in pharma grade, which is often synthetic. The use of the term VG to describe the glycerine we use for inhalation is probably obsolete now, and stems from the early days of e-cigarette use when there was little use of Glycerine USP and DIYers had a choice between vegetable-source glycerine and animal-source glycerine [1]. Pharma grade glycerine for inhalation - the only type that should be used - is frequently synthetic [2] and therefore absolutely pure, so its origin is irrelevant. [1] Glycerine can be made from a multiplicity of sources including animal carcases, biodiesel manufacture byproduct, palm oil, coconut oil, a combination of vegetable sources, or synthetically. [2] To see more info on pharma grade glycerine, google 'dow optim'.
Yes
Sorry, our only Amazon listing is in quart and pint sizes.
This is a portion of what's needed to make Vape juice. You also need food grade flavor concentrate. And nicotine some people use propolyne glycol (pg),also but the flavor concentrate is pg based. Be careful buying nicotine it needs to be no more than 36% NICOTINE otherwise it can be dangerous to work with!
Not sure about a diffuser. Works good for home made hard candies though. I would ask the manufacturer this question for a better answer.
No, it is not perfumers alcohol. Perfumers alcohol is like grain alcohol (high proof, low water content) with an additive that makes it unpalatable for drinking. If you are making perfumes for yourself (i.e., not for sale) you can just use grain alcohol. Otherwise, search for perfume supplies.
Yes, this is food grade PG which is probably better to put on your skin than non-food grade. You will, however, be required to find or invent your own recipes.
Yes! I just wipe it down with Clorox wipes and let dry then put on clean bedding
I believe it is about 6 inches thick.
It is flexible, yes. If the angle is too sharp, it may not stay bent without someone on the mattress as it is so lightweight, but the weight of a person should easily contour it to the bed frame. If you let me know at what angles your bed bends, I could test it out for you.
Hi Denise, thank you for your interest in Drive Medical! The overall dimensions of this mattress are 80" X 36" X 6". The dimensions that referenced are the shipping box dimensions.
78 long 36 wide and 6 tall. It is very comfortable.
Yes. The weight capacity is 275 pounds. Here is a link to our listing: http://www.amazon.com/Drive-Medical-Quickn-Comfort-Mattress/dp/B005F9BI3E/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A3UI0DOG3KQKTN Thanks! Rick RKF Medical
Not a good support like a box spring
No it is not noisy.
it makes slight noise, but nothing close to what I have experienced on other mattresses.
The mattress expands to about 5" in thickness. That's still shy of standard mattress (which is usually 6"). If height is an issue (as in it needs to be a bit higher), I recommend purchasing a foam mattress pad to go underneath it to bolster it just a bit.
You will be fine! I have my hydroponic is running with arduino and it works just fine, use the button sketch, I'm controlling 2 tanks and all I've done was to combine 2 buttons sketch and add a {do nothing if button 1 and button 2 = HIGH} and that was it! Good luck!
The actual float does not slide much up and down the stainless shaft. The float has limited movement due to two snap rings spaced about 1.5" apart. The float measures 1.1" so tripping occurs within 0.4" of its pictured location. In reality, tripping probably occurs within a 0.25" to 0.375" of the end stop ring. One thing not clearly understood from the description is that the device uses a very high reliability reed switch contained within the stainless shaft. Reed switches are activated by an external magnet that, in this case, is contained within the float. My long term concern for this part is the "E" clips seem to be made from plated steel and may rust over time. The rest of the device probably will have extremely long life provided the reed switch contact ratings are not taxed. However, if the liquid being sensed has a lot of contaminates, then a possible buildup of contaminates might occur between the shaft and the float's hollow opening. Some periodic cleaning maintenance might be needed based on the application. The jury is still out on my usage but the device is working very well.
This is just a switch you do not run any current through it. You must have a relay to handle the current. This just tells the relay when the water is low or high depending on setup. This switch works with any type of power, just have to connect to the proper relay. You would cook this switch if you connected it to power. It goes to a relay first. Read the product notes for more info
It depends. Are you saying that from the point that you wish the alarm to trigger to the point the water is full is a difference of 7 inches?
While it should handle the temp, I would think the metal would corrode with the salt. Although it is stainless steel it is of low grade and not rust / corrosion proof. Also, make sure to use a relay between the pump and this float switch for safety.
vertically.
I can't say for wood flooring but I used these on a cart I built for my bathroom which has laminate flooring and they work great and don't leave any marks on that. Hope this helps some!
Probably not... they are super small and so unless your carpet was flat like office carpet then they probably won't roll very well. They would work better than nothing, but a larger wheel would roll better, I think, on standard carpet.
i bought these back in august i believe the caster base was 3.2 long 2'' wide and from bottom of wheel to top of caster oal was 1.5'' hope this helps
The base of the caster is 1.25 inches. So would be problematic. I would not recommend. I have not seen smaller casters than these. You might want to look for the casters with the U shaped base where screws go in from the sides. Or you may want to consider using the casters with posts which would require you drill holes for the posts. I had a similar problem with a dresser I wanted to put holes on. I cut a thick board that would fit the underside of the dresser, glued it on, and then attached my casters to that board. Solves the width problem, provides more stability, and does not risk splitting the sides of your dresser which you always risk with anything that requires vertical screws or posts. Pressed board most are made of are especially susceptable.
It is 1 inch
they r very small so i doubt it
four
the photo is just showing the the different sizes. if you order the the 1" they are fixed plates and the larger sizes are swivel.
125 lb. was the advertised weight rating at the time I purchased mine. For some reason, the description no longer shows a weight rating. However, I do believe they can hold at least 125 lbs. per wheel with no problem. I put my full weight on one (240 lbs.) with no problem.
No, it does not measure F directly. There are methods on the internet which explain how to build a simple circuit into which you can insert the capacitor and then measure the voltage and current to calculate the capacitance. This meter can measure those parameters.
No, the probes are used to measure voltage. You must use the "clamp" feature to surround the wire you want to measure the current flowing through.
I.m not sure why you specifically mention relays on vehicle air conditioners, as if that would take a special meter. However, this little inexpensive meter does have the ability to measure volts, both AC and DC, ohms, amps, check capacitors, diodes, do a continuity check, and resistance checks. So, depending what you are wanting to check, I think it would serve the purpose just as well as a more expensive one, if you are worried about cost. I really don't know what else you would need for checking a relay, whether on a vehicle air conditioner or any other piece of equipment. Most of the time you either want to know !. is it getting power, 2.are the points open or closed, 3. is the power getting across the contacts, or 4. is the relay coil burned out or not. So yes, I think this would do what you want it to do, and for a good price. For home use, or a DIYer, this is a good little tool.
The 202A is an auto ranging multimeter. The only manual settings are in the diode test under the Ohm setting on the thumbwheel.
Must clamp one separate wire. It measures the magnetic field due to current flow. Coupling the return wire also will cancel the fields.
NO. You should know you need an oscilloscope, this is a current measuring device and if you don't know the difference, you had best stay out of the circuit panel !
AMPS One wire at a time.
Yes it does. You have to separate the wires though. Only one wire through the jaws. There are usually 3 wires in typical home wiring to an outlet or light fixture...hot, neutral and ground...wrapped in a sheath. The ground should have no power through it...if it does, you have a problem.
No
No, you must separately buy or make your own. Amazon sells them. I bought the Extech one for about $16.00, and it works well.
My unit is a UH50000, which is a completely different model than yours. Mine is self-propelled and is therefore designed to use two belts, one for the brush and one for the propulsion system. If you don't have your manual that came with the machine, I suggest you go on www.hoover.com to get a copy or read it online. When on the site, click on the "Support" button at the top right of the homepage. A menu will come down which includes "manuals". Click on that and follow the steps to read/print the manual. Hope this helps.
Hoover U6485900 uses belt part #38528035 according to the parts manual at https://www.manualowl.com/m/Hoover/U6485900/Manual/216502.
Yes, Hoover part number 40201-271 is Hoover's old part number for the power drive belt. The new part number for this belt is 38528-035.
These belts work off of tension so they are supposed to fit very tightly. The new belts will seem too small and like they won't fit, but they will. You have to stretch them to fit. Also, you cannot compare your old used belts to the new belts. The new belts will always be smaller than you used belts which has been stretched larger with use.
No, these belts will not fir the a Hoover S3606 PowerMax Deluxe Canister.
I have an Animal as well. These belts worked just fine. They are a bit tricky to replace, but I was able to get it on with a little guess work.
8-7/8" overall OD length .315" width .090" thick on ridge .045" thick in between ridges Hope gives you what you are looking for.
8mm but works fine on newer models with 10mm sprockets. You just can't do it the other way around (10mm belt in an older Dyson). I have a newer one and was worried it would break easily, but I've sucker up shoestrings and backpack straps a couple times since installing this and worried it was broken and it was totally fine.
No, this tester is for water pH.
I have never had to change the battery so I can't help with that. Calibration requires you to purchase calibrated ph 7.0 fluid available through Amazon and a small packet was sent with the instrument. You just dip the instrument in the calibration fluid and then use the provided screwdriver to turn the small screw on the back of the instrument until it reads ph 7.0. You are then calibrated. This instrument works well for me.
It means keep it in PH balanced oil or water. Honestly its a pain in the ass which is why i no longer have mine.
If you want to monitor your well water continuously, this pen will work, just make sure you calibrate it occasionally. If you just want a general idea of the pH of your well water, I'd go for a roll of pH paper strip.
I have used it in both warm and cold liquids with success. I have had some problems with suspensions. Hope this helps.
I don't know - doesn't seem to work very well. Not very consistent.
Of course.
Great question Paula but no this formula is not designed for use in Steam Mop and could damage them if used.
I'm not positive but, I would assume it could be
Yes, it certainly can! I use all of Bissell's products interchangeably with all of their machines. This one, however, make sure you dilute it a bit before using in the spot bot. The odor is really, really strong and if you use too much, it might take over the room. Open a window too.
It should. It works on the enzymes in urine. Same as humans.
Every piece of information I have on this product states it is for carpet use. Personally, I wouldn't use it in the laundry. There are other products I would use. If the item is white I would probably use bleach unless the material wouldn't tolerate it. I have also used vinegar in the water. I have found that regular washing removes the stain and odor. You might try emailing Bissell and asking them. Sorry, I couldn't be of more help.
Yup, totally normal. The part of cat pee that fluoresces is phosphate and, as far as I know, has no smell in and of itself. You might notice that laundry/dish soaps often fluoresce, because they also contain phosphates.
They are different pets can smell, throw up, etc but urine is different. However, that being said, The urine products do not really work. I got a rescue dog that was never potty trained properly and even with potty pads and frequent outings, she has accidents. Nothing has gotten rid of tbe urine odor.
I just tried using a dry erase marker on it. It works, and the ink comes off easily. If you have large piece of metal to attach the sheet to, it would do what you want.
That is what I purchase it for. With that said I had some difficulty getting it to stick, the magnet is pretty weak and would fall off due to its own weight. The only way I got it to stay was to make sure the magnet was completely flat. It comes in roll so I had to put under something heavy for a few days to flatten it out. Once I got it to stick it stays up, this is my second season with it up. I do wish it was stronger since it is a pain to get it to hold.
Barely. I tried some refridgerator magnets on it, and it will stick. But if I hold the sheet vertically, the magnets are not strong enough, and will slip down. However, if the magnetic sheet itself is on the fridge, then fridge magents will stick on it.
it is more of a glossy white
I would consider it plenty strong and perfect for the side of a car.
I doubt it. They aren't that strong. I have a problem to get them to stick to my car.
Not sure mine was on the roof of my car, after working an overnight shift and driving no more than 50mph and the out side temp being in the 20's it blew off my car.
I nailed mine onto wood cabinet doors. It doesn't look the greatest but it works.
No sure if it durable enough for walking on.
I think it's too floppy for this use.
just tried a little square that I had cut from mine - it sticks on my hvac vents in the ceiling
A cricut may not have the force to punch all the way through this material and whatever print you have on top. Other machines could get away with using a heavy blade and multiple passes. You may be able to do it with the cricut and have it score the material, then finish up with a hobby knife.
I am with you on that! probably some promising up and coming dolt! I had to roll it out with some difficulty and stick it to a flat metal object. then put weights on it for a couple of weeks before it became flat again. I ended up forgetting about it and still have not used it.
Yes. As long as you cover your object completely. I have had it on my car for over a year. The back is the best but mine gave been on the side doors.
Yes. You could put a color that matches your wall (or use wallpaper if that matches) onto the sticky side to make it less obvious on the wall. Otherwise, you will just have the shiny white wrinkly paper that covers the adhesive. The magnet side is actually quite strong and the magnetic sheet is thicker than most.
I made computer signs and put them on the sticky side and cut around the signs and I stick them on my furnace ducts and they hold very well. The signs are not heavy but it is stronger than the thinner air duct magnetic material I was using which also worked, but I wanted something a little stronger so I ordered this from Amazon and it is stronger and thicker which can be cut with plain scissors. I guess your magnetic letters would stick onto another magnetic field if they have the same poles to match up. Since it is not made to hold a magnetic item you'll have to just try it to see. Most magnetic letters are light & I'd say it would hold them, just do not know about a magnet to a magnet. Also if you do buy it be sure that whatever you put the sticky side onto that it is straight as it is hard to remove, my paper signs were thin enough once I lined them up it was a one shot deal if they were not straight. Magnets have north and south poles as you can purchase them either way since I do buy those also, but I buy the stronger earth magnets. I hope this helps!
I placed my flat under heavy weights for about a week but there is still a slight crease.
You could attach vinyl to the adhesive backing and write on the vinyl. But you cannot write directly on the magnet material.
I don't know but I wouldn't recommend this product. It is rolled and very difficult to get to lay flat. I was making small magnets and have had some trouble with it separating from the decorative top of the magnet after making it, possibly because the curl in the product is stronger than the adhesive. There are other flat products that I will be using in the future.
Younger children would have difficulty cutting this, older children, maybe fourth grade and up, would do okay with a good pair of scissors. Scissor blades need to be sharp, but more importantly, the blades need to be tight, not loose, or the magnet sheet would probably just slide between the blades. It is fairly thick.
Yes it does
No, I would look for another solution. I tried this magnet for the small glass door on my fireplace but it was so weak that it did not make any difference.
It depends how heavy is going to be this magnet can't hold a lot of weight there more for a lightweight projects.
I don't think it'd be a good replacement. This flexible magnet is only about a strong as cheap fridge magnet
Sorry for replying so late, but I believe it is a north and south pole magnetic tape.
Sorry, I tried using it to hold lightweight shutters in place. The magnet itself might be strong enough but the double sided tape on the back is not very good. Hope this helps...
Not very powerful. I had to use 6 to hold up a thin desk size calendar on my fridge and it still was not a permanent solution.
no they would not stay attached to the screen.
sure but they are weak as magnets... very weak! check out earth magnets, very powerful !
No
They will stack, but they're not the best magnets.
They're 1"
Yes
Yes! I purchased these magnet squares exactly for this purpose
Cardstock yes--these are little little magnets-- I was a bit disappointed and was going to use them on aluminum-- they are not strong enough for that.
Sure...good idea, but then you wouldn't be able to stack them which are the purpose of legos right? The magnets wouldn't be strong enough to build on though. Hoped I helped.
Yes
I bought the mop at hsn its called spin mop deluxe and they fit perfectly.
Yes. Its exactly as advertised. Excellent product that works.
Stand on the mop part & pull up on handle & it will pop off.
The snap on part, the plastic, is about 6 inches in diameter
Yes, it does fit the spin mop. It clicks in quite nicely and these replacement heads have a much thicker and longer fringe than the original ones. These seem to pick up much more dirt and clean in a bigger swath.
????
Yes
Yes it does
Yes, they are all using the same mounts and sizing; should be no problem
this is the best answer I can give you I took the dropper and it took three droppers to fill a 1/2 teaspoon of 2.5ml based on some calculations it is .83ml for one dropper or squeeze. it is pretty consistent on how much it takes in. I hope this helps
They're glass, so yes, they're "food grade" although bottles aren't classified as "food grade." I always boil both the bottles and the droppers for a few minutes in water to sterilize them.
If you are getting a shipping charge on a free shipping listing please contact us through the Amazon messenger, as this may be a bug in Amazon's listing software.
yes
Hi JoAnn. Yes you can, and the drops are pretty consistent in size if you go slow. I just now filled one pipette to the 2ml mark (with water) and then counted the number of drops to reach the 1ml mark, getting 20 drops on each try.
i don't think these would be conducive to cleaning. the tip is of such a fine caliber that it would be difficult to adequately flush out and really clean. these would work more as a one-time-use pipette. if you are looking for a reusable option, then i would search for a medical or laboratory grade GLASS dropper with a removable head to allow for complete cleaning. hope that helps. :-)
These are made of polyethylene, which has good resistance to acetone. They would work fine unless you are actually immersing them in acetone for extended periods.
Yep....0.5 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 ml
Yes it would.
Yes I use them for transferring essential oils. I label a pipette for each oil and can use them again.
A little over 6 1/4"
I'm not sure what you mean for "best to use for..." You use them to extract fluid (in my case, essential oils) to put into something else. They fit in both sizes oil bottles, if that is what you mean. I use them to make blends. There are indentations for measuring along the pipette that I find helpful. If you want to extract, say, 10 ml from a 15 ml bottle, these would not do the job well. Smaller amounts, yes.
These will work, however, they are a little long for this application. Plus, there are 100 of them. maybe not the best use of all this plastic. It may be easier for you to purchase an ear dropper bottle: http://www.amazon.com/Amber-Glass-Bottle-2oz-Dropper/dp/B001FAT8A2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1411389762&sr=8-1&keywords=ear+dropper+bottle
Yes, absolutely. I paint miniatures for tabletop war games and would definitely use them to mix colors etc.
i used a 3/8 drill to drill out a blade with carbide tips from another mfg. i had to ream it alittle but it was fine and the blade lasts 10 times longer at 1/3 the price;
7/16" of an inch or about 10mm
This is made for the Dremel Saw Max not the regular Dremel
I don't know, I don't own a makita grinder, but it works well on the Dremel SM500
This blade works in the Saw Max only.
Yes, Pro Shot actually blends well when it is touched up. I reapply to high traffic areas without any noticeable streaks or uneven shine. Very easy to maintain a beautiful floor all the time without having to completely reapply.
I think not. My housekeeper uses an ordinary mop with cold water and the floor has become patchy in high-traffic areas.
Sorry I cannot answer your question. The product was wrong for the type of floor I was trying to fix and I sent the product back
Yes it can, if the noise is loud enough. There are two settings: one for normal frequency tones and one that is better picking up bass tones.
Yes
This device shuts of automatically after a few minutes and doesn't have a setting to alarm when a certain noise level is reached. It also eats batteries. It would take a lot of batteries to get through a work week, and it would be and a pain to push the power button ever 5 or so minutes throughout the work day, so this is probably not the best device. My work uses a device for the exact function you describe. It looks like a traffic light. You might consider it, although it is probably a lot more expensive.
It would register the sound level, you would have to determine in advance what level would be too loud. OSHA for example states that 85 db (time weighted average) is too loud therefore hearing protection is required. You might state that peaks of sound above 90 db would be your "too loud" point. The meter will register the noise accurately.
The USB portion of the device is rather tricky to use though it worked for me on first attempt because of certain circumstances. First I ordered the entire kit (meter, cable and software from a Chinese firm called Gain Express. They are reputable I have now purchased this kit for each of my test locations and for my technical crews. The second and what I only figured out today after my test facility told me they couldn't get it to work on their system is that you must run this program in XP SP3 compatibility mode. (Accomplish this buy Right Clicking on the program and selecting properties. Moving to the compatibility tabs and running in the above mentioned OS). After all this is accomplish a more expensive meter might have been a better choice but hope is not lost just stick with me. To finally read data on your computer screen you will need to have installed any serial converter to USB driver. Because of the nature of what I do this was done on my PC well before I ever bought this meter but this is a relatively rare driver. You can find this driver here (http://www.drivermax.com/driver/update/Ports/Gigaware/Gigaware-USB-to-Serial-Cable/481626) take care to download the drive and not click on the deceptive add in the page. Lastly the cable and meter logger software can be found from gain express at the URL below http://www.gainexpress.com/products/cdc-sl814cd-optional-software-cd-usb-cable-for-sound-level-meter Once you have installed the logger software and the serial to USB driver and change to run in compatibility mode you will need to reboot your PC to enable all changes and it should work for you. Hope this helps but I know this process is a pain. However I would rather spend 15 dollars on additional cables and 30 minutes in setup than buy 300 dollars at the cheapest meter that will work seamlessly
Yes, it comes with a USB ac power adapter and a USB to micro USB cable.
Yes,I am using mine with the Sennheiser wireless. Works great.
Yes, I currently use it in my ps4. The sound quality comes out very good. Only issue is it takes up 1 of the usb ports (that's how it gets powered). But totally worth the money.
Yes if it has these inputs: optical digital audio input to analog stereo output over RCA and 3.5mm mini
This is a revised answer and supercedes all my posts below. I got two answers from LG regarding what optical output format they support. The latest which I strongly believe is correct is: the basic tv's support AC3 only. The smart TV's support both AC3 and PCM. But I highly suggest you go to the live chat on the LG website and ask yourself. Took me 93 seconds.
Yes
I was able have both on at the same time. I think that a function of the features on the TV you are using. I am currently using this with the Sennheiser wireless rechargeable headphones
I do not know for sure, but I would guess that if the Samsung has a digital audio out port it would work.
No
I'm not familiar with the Bose Lifestyle System and how it would interface with another speaker, but this FiiO will convert the optical signal from your TV, allowing an analog speaker or other analog audio hookup.
The last mops I ordered came with 2 heads. Rubbermaid has also redesigned the mop so that the internal bladder can be fixed instead of trashing the mop. Just make sure that you don't make the mistake of tightening the filler cap on to tight or the whole bladder spins. Make sure you are getting one of the redesigned mops though as they have gone from a great product to a super product. I still recommend a couple of extra heads for commercial use as you can use them to keep a clean head or not create cross contamination between bathrooms.
yes it is. if you put a dust mop pad it can dust mop and if you put a mopping flat mop on it you can wet mop, using the solution you've put in the solution chamber.
Try taking out the set of screws that hold the bladder in place and checking to see if the bladder is twisted. This is a new design of this mop that allows for a bladder replacement but sometimes if the cap is twisted on to tight it will twist the solution bladder. If this is the problem just untwist and reassemble.. If you are using the external tank to fill the mop than you have air lock..
It is a gravity feed. When you press the button on the handle, it opens a valve and three streams of cleaning liquid spray on the floor. You must be sure you have the reservoir side down or it will not dispense properly. I love mine, it seems to do a better job and is less mess than the "sprayers".
You can wash in the washing machine. I don't put mine in the dryer.
No. I haven't had that problem at all. Are you turning the cap counterclockwise?
Much more heavy duty and worth every penny!
Not at all. I use it on my hardwood and on my porcelain ceramic tile floors. If your floors are sealed, I would not worry. Mine are & I have been using pine sol or Lysol for 5 years with no probem. The pad is so easy to attach, you just throw it on the floor & press down, it velcros to it
I'm not sure what you're asking.
I use Bona cleaner it's wonderful. Cleans and shines.....best thing for my hardwood floors
This squeegee fastens with a clamp, so a handle with a tapered tip would be best, such as the Rubbermaid FG636200... http://www.amazon.com/Rubbermaid-Commercial-FG636200-Tapered-Natural/dp/B005KDD0XQ/
Yes! The squeegee works I. Both directions. I love mine for keeping my garage floor clean from melting snow and rain.
Just the squeegee and its pretty cheaply made, while it works. You get what you pay for.
Cat hair generally isn't what I try to pick up with this sweeper, but we do have a cat and the sweeper does pick up at least some of the cat hair. There's always plenty of it in the dust bins when I empty the bins. This sweeper is certainly no substitute for a electric vacuum with a powered rotor brush, but nor should it be expected to be.
Bought this carpet sweeper to pick up at church...disappointed because instead of going forward and then backward when you first start to use it, you have to go in front of the dirt and then back and then forward to pick up the dirt several times that way and sometimes that doesn't even work.
No
It does. It's great with any sort of particles - dirt, dust, paper clips, pieces of paper, dust bunnies. It does not work well with things that cling, like fine dog hair, pieces of dryer sheets, etc. They are like flexible paddles, kind of like windshield wiper blades only wider, and seem to flick stuff right up.
Don't have a cat but I have girls with long hair. This thing was useless for everything on our hardwood floors. I returned it after a week.
"Rubbermaid Commercial Brute Plastic Waste Lid, Round, for 2620 Brute Containers, 19.88" Diameter x 1.8" Height, White" This is the correct lid for the container in question. FWIW, I own both the container and, after some difficulties w/Amazon, I own the noted "correct" lid. *****Kerry Wood
Yes it is. I use it for extracting honey before bottling. AI Root would sell these for the specific purpose of honey extraction.
Yes it is a solid bottom and there will b no leaks or breaks around the handles for a long time to come but it sits beautifully on the winco dolly
In regards to a warranty you would need to check with the company u r going to be buying it from. It's a very thick and very durable garbage can. Not like the flimsy light weight ones u use every day this has an industrial strength bottom and handles. I would b most interested in what it is that someone could do to this can to need a warranty. It is very thick and hard based plastic you can drag it over rocks or let roll around in the back of ur truck, sit on it to try to make it warp to diffrent shape, kick it... U name it I would b impressed if u could find a way to break this can other then w a saw or cutting torch to melt it. Love this can and I use it to hold water and salt for my salt water fish tank mix
36 - 50 gallon Bags
No, 19.5" measures across from the outside of the rim. With the handles it's 23.5" or 24".
It's 3.5 inches tall - measured from the base to the top of the 'clip' from which you can hang it.
My experience has been that it was my oven that was wrong, not the thermometer! My food came out much better and the way it was supposed to when I followed this thermometer rather than the temperature reading on my oven's display!!! Hope that answer helps... good luck!
The hook on top allows it to hang either way, where and how it hangs depends on shelf layout and size. We sit it on it's base on the tray or rack and angle it to catch the oven light or hang it on the rack facing the oven door.
I don't see why not. It can either hang from an oven rack or sit on one. As long as the spaces between the grill bars aren't too wide for the base it should work just fine.
Made in China
I would not personally trust this thermometer at those temperatures. My experience making meringues tells me that below 200 degrees it is not very accurate. I would think a better choice would be a standard wireless indoor-outdoor thermometer, which is designed to record temps in that range.
I have one. It's about 2-1/8" across the glass. Big dial, easy to read. I like mine!
Approx 4" x 3". It can stand on the flange or hang off of a rack (though we found the hanging better for location, standing on the base was better for reading the results).
It wouldn't be 100% accurate, but close. My guess is the reading would be about 25-50% low.
This is a different forum... your problem can be fixed through a phone call to the seller or amazon.
Wood
No there is not. The handle is solid wood with a rounded tip on the end. Would be easy to drill a hole into the end of the handle if needed. Please keep in mind this broom is very short. Many people seem surprised despite it being clearly identified in the item description.
It's about 39" tall and the bristles are 7" wide
WEll, the handle is 3/4".
Not sure. No stamp on it
I soak mine to get the initial dirt out, and then in the machine it goes. I wash them on a gentle cycle.
http://www.amazon.com/Rubbermaid-FGQ75500-Quick-Connect-Straight-Extension/dp/B001AJHWIS/ref=sr_1_sc_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1381074877&sr=8-3-spell&keywords=rubber+maid+higen http://www.amazon.com/Rubbermaid-Commercial-FGQ56000-Quick-Connect-Single-Sided/dp/B005KCOB4Y/ref=sr_1_sc_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1381074877&sr=8-1-spell&keywords=rubber+maid+higen
Not sure what the "pulse mopping system" is but yes, it does have Velcro to attach to mop head.
It's a little to big for baseboards. I use a swifter on baseboards.
Yes
It is approximately 22 1/2" x 8 1/2", including fringe.
one
Yes, if you buy this one than you have to buy the handle also. It is sold as a set (handle, wet mop, dry mop) but this is separate.
You just get one bottle, but if any spray bottle can be worth $20, it is this one. It is hard to believe the difference over basic bottles, and especially Windex-type disposable bottles. If you really need performance, and something that will last, it really is a great product.
I can twist the red nozzle and get it to mist, but it is not what I would call a fine mist.
The one I ordered , regardless of quantity, was not the same quality as it used to be. I'd avoid it. And yes, that was the price for one.
No it does not come with a lid.
Yes
It is NOT vented on the bottom. It WILL contain liquids.
Yes, it would fit at least two gallon jugs. I use it for office paper recycling but it would be a decent size for a kitchen recycle bin.
100% plastic
yes, smaller at the bottom.... about 7 3/4" inches wide, i think 11 at the top
Reverse Osmosis leaves more dissolved solids in the water than distilled water. The dissolved solids will affect the actual pH of the buffering solution and therefore affect the accuracy of your meter calibration. For the best calibration and accuracy, it is best to use distilled or deionized water when using powdered buffering agents. As an alternative, you may want to use a premixed bottled buffering solution and not have to mix anything.
I gently dry the tip with a paper towel and replace the black cap. If it will be longer than a couple of weeks, go ahead and take the batteries out.
i use distilled water as i believe (do not know) that ph is 7.0 however the tester only lasted for 18 months.
pH of a solution increases with temperature, but only slightly. For accurate reading, temp.compensation unit is better i.e more reliable. But, for most household work, this change is not significant.
It's measuring range 0.0~14.0 +/-0.2pH, at 20&#8451;, sea water has pH 7.5~8.4, from the Wikipedia. It is within the measuring range.
Maybe you have a defective one. I am on my second and calibrate using a pH 7 neutral solution. Using the screwdriver provided and the little screw on the back I have no problem moving it up or down. This is my second one and both worked flawlessly.
Two substances with pH 4.00 and 6.86, for calibrating the pH linearity.
Well, the packet of ph substance says "make up 250 ml" on the one I have. I think that's what I did.... But it's been awhile.
They are absolutely the very softest brushes I have ever tried! My dentist recommended this brand. I had never heard of them before. I will be ordering more for my extended family.
Thailand.
They don't say but, I'm pretty sure they are nylon.
Nimbusdental is cheaper. It's $15.35 after shipping.
I sent an mail to the company and received a response today: "There is no BPA listed in the MSDS (manufacturers safety data sheet)." I hope this helps. It might not be definitive, but at least seems ok.
I've only bought the regular, but judging from other toothbrushes I've owned, it refers to the size of the brushing head - compact being shorter than regular.
These are perfect for someone who use too much muscle when they brush! They're xtra soft to avoid damaging ur gums. for the price I recommend
I don't think they are I think they are all soft bristle. When I ordered them they were the same as I received from my oral surgeon. Best advice I can give is to check with Amazon or on the inner net.
Compact is smaller
Soft bristle I have found them durable found out about them thru my dentist who did my implants. Only kind I will use now. I use one for 6 months.
Never used the 'regular' so can't compare. The brush head on the compact measures roughly 1" in length and 1/2" at the widest point of the width, being slightly narrower at the top and bottom.
Yes
Yes, very soft nylon. Feels so good on your teeth and gums!
My dentist gave me a sample "compact" size, which I thought was comparable to any other toothbrush I've always used. So when I fell in love with the product and ordered more through Amazon, I ordered compact because it was what I was used to and I was comfortable with the size. I can't imagine how big the "regular" must be.
Sara, I have used ZEP for the past few years as a quick way to freshen up the car or a bedroom from smoking odors. It will neutralize the smell of tobacco that is in the air, via a chemical reaction (more than just masking with a scent). However, this product will not remove smoking odor that has become saturated into fabric such as carpet, or drywall material. The only effective method to extract impregnated odors is by using a high quality ozone generator (over 3000 mg/h). For the price ($89.), this unit: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007GS3T8O/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pC_nS_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=KTA1084TTDPH&coliid=I18A6OYCZC1QV9 does an exceptional job. You will need a good room fan, and you must leave the house for 4 hours or more because ozone is toxic at this level. However, it dissipates quickly when the doors are opened, and it's safe after a few minutes of exposure to open air. Restoration contractors use these types of ozone generators to remove smoke odors after fire damage, smells after flooding, mold (including toxic molds), and the stench caused by just about any other rotting substance. And hotels use them to get rid of tobacco smoke. A good ozone generator will absolutely remove the odor of 4 years of constant smoking in a closed room. There isn't any kind of spray in a can that will do it. I hope this helps you.
I have only used on cigarette smoke. It did the trick but after a period of a couple months the smoky smell is back although not as strong.
this smells so good for two days it never leave your house your roomsmoke odor older an account holder that you have in your house this is the best spary you can ever have in your house , you will not go back to your old soray ever again it long a very long time , also its good for your car also which it put in my car but only thing you much buy more then one can
a funky fresh smell
Seeing as how I've never actually tried that, I cannot say for certain. However, I do know that once it's sprayed on something (clothing, hair, etc), it does leave a very faint and somewhat oily residue. I would go with a large bottle of Gone Smoke, also available on Amazon. It dries almost instantly to the touch and also gets rid of the odors like cigarette smoke etc. It's safe to spray on fabrics and inside closets, so I would imagine it would probably be OK on wood or wicker. It also comes in cans of 16 ounces. Hope that helps.
I only used it on a chair which smelled strongly of cigarette smoke It didn't appear to harm the fabric. It did well to get rid of the smell almost completely. A couple months later the smoky smell started to reappear, so you may need to spray it more than once. Still should be a big improvement.
YES, but the idiots at shipping from Zep did not look at spray tip under cap mine came broken and i contacted them about it no one has replaced it as of yet i cannot send back because they said hazardous material cannot return , now i have the can but no way to use it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I went to a local store and purchased a can and made sure tip was working. Product works just amazon sucks cause im stuck witha broken tip inside the can
The item you purchased from Home Depot was the 'White Cap' 'non-professional' strength type. The Depot did sell the 'Black Cap' 'Professional Strength' version (same as here) at one time, for approximately $7.00, but my local store (Laurel, MD) discontinued selling it. In my opinion, there is a substantial difference in strength between the two versions, and my preference is for the 'Black Cap' professional strength version.
This is a spray can. It doesn't have batteries.
Yes
1.75 ID , 2.125 OD
These O-rings ( Buna-N, the N stands for nitrile ) can be used in hydraulic systems using hydraulic oils. They can only be used in brake systems using DOT #5 ( silicone ) fluid. Brake systems with DOT #2,3, and 4 fluids are to be avoided.
These rings are not resistant to corrosive fluids like brake fluid.
Yes, depending on application.
#6, about 1/16 inch interior diameter
not sure what the dash is here. but these are not simply metric sizes. number 325 is not 325 millimeters. I am very happy with them.
Yes
Mr. Fenels, the dash size, each dash is the size of o-ring set of the old o-ring to dash size or the width of o-ring grove which the o-ring fits into. I don't know why they just don't say this size (in inches) fits this size ring ?? The set I got is in "Inches". I try to get the old o-ring off and size it with the new one then just slip the new one on. I have used several of these O-rings since got the kit, plus have used some as stops/holders on rods I like to keep in place, they can be used for many other little jobs besides what they were intended for. They seem to be high quality rings. Hope this will help you. Best regards, Charles
Litmus paper only indicates whether the substance is an acid or base. If blue litmus paper turns red the substance is a base.
Well it's only blue litmus paper, which will turn red in the presence of an acid, so no chart really necessary...maybe you are thinking of pH paper that changes several different colors?
Hi Carla, Not sure if this is what you want. I bought it for testing the ph in our club kitchen dishes rinse water. Turns out this is the right one. 2 places to check for the right kind: local health department (they set me straight) and county extension agency. good luck
No it is not, it is size 14/20. The white rubber hose that comes with this product contaminates your distillate so it is useless! You must use a connector such as "Scilogex 18300200 Glass Connector, NS 24/40-NS 14/20 Size" (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00C3NQPCO/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
Yes, but if you have to ask this question you probably aren't qualified to be doing that.
Hi Eye95: I'd be happy to help. I actually pulled the condenser out to make certain. Here you go: Full length of condenser is ~16" (includes the initial connector to the bottom as product out tube). Vapor tube (coils/water jacket) alone is ~10". Hope this helps. I looked back at the Amazon.com description and it does NOT match the product as you have read. I'm not sure how to alert Amazon but maybe this message can be forwarded. With that said, the product has been of excellent quality and performance piece. I would buy again if needed. Regards, Xander
12 inches
the inner diameter is .8cm
Standard 14mm pinch glass fitting
Yes it is also for cracks in walls. I did 5 different wall cracks in my basement over a year ago, and they are still dry.
It has a motor oil consistency for about 24 hours. Think a 5-10 weight oil.
The hardener was inside the tube with the epoxy. When you cracked it open it was important to shake it for a few minutes. Not sure why yours isn't setting up.
maybe you can not sure.. I did not add any sand which took me a good at least couple tubes and more in larger cracks to fill and come back again after the first round dries out.. But excellent product in terms of strength I've tried it also on a Granite slab/kitchen counter crack that all other Granite professional grade glues failed and it worked very well. Only thing again you have to do one tube and after it receeds you come next day or couple hours later and need to use a new tube to fill well. when it's full it's rock solid. Just expensive though.
The Crack-Pac I used came with a large tube the size that fits a standard caulking gun and a small tube that functions as an application spout. Part A of the epoxy is in the large tube, Part B of the epoxy is in the small tube. When connected together (and following the directions) the two parts are mixed. Once mixed, the epoxy compound can be applied to the crack. The mix is watery and flows easily into the crack. A tube does not go far (maybe 24" - depending on the size and depth of the crack). I was pleased with the results. Hope this helps.
I wouldn't see why not. I used it to repair cracks in my outdoor pool deck. It worked great. Watch the u tube video. Very helpful.
I have not use, but I thought you can use it fine. I use it at my tile floor, it's very good.
About 30-45 minutes, depending on how thick of a coat you put.
Use Pro Shot on wood and vinyl but have not tried tile. Do a very small section. Great product
Although I have never attempted to do this, it may be possible. It dries down to a uniform finish and tends to hide scratches and some blemishes on wooden floors - I'm not sure how it would work on a painted floor if the surface has some obvious defects. When in doubt test on a small area.
I don't know about using with a high speed burnisher.....but this product is awesome and worked wonderfully on both my tile and wood floors. After the application dried, it needed nothing else to create a shine. I own a resort, and the shine has weathered high traffic use.
ABSOLUTELY!!!! This stuff rocks!!. thoroughly clean first and then allow time to dry.
Very glossy not matte at all
No .... For hardwood and tiles... Use miniwax laminate stuff
I'm sorry, I do not know. Worked great on linoleum but have no idea how it would perform on slate.
I'm not sure, but I bought it for my six year old daughter. I think any age can enjoy seeing life up close and personal (disclaimer - I'm a biologist myself). It seems to be well constructed, so it should tolerate young sticky fingers and being knocked around a bit.
A Charged Couple Display. it is the same technology your digital camera uses to receive the image and convert it to a digital image.
You can buy a set of prepared slides from amscope.
this was a gift but if I remember right they are adjustable.
You have to look straight into it.
I suppose if the seeds are small enough and placed flat on the stage (or in a test tube) as the microscope will only focus on one plane at a time. Also, to give context to the microscope's field of view, only Lincoln's head would be visible if a penny were to be placed on the stage.
it is made in China, light, and pretty good overall
It doesn't pick up well at all. I can't tell you about cat hair, I bought it to use in my cleaning business but had to give up and buy a different vac as this one doesn't really pick up small pieces of paper without having to go over the area multiple times. Hoover is a pretty good brand but this vac in particular gets a big thumbs down from me.
No, this vacuum does not have an auto-wind feature. In fact, the cord that comes with this is an ordinary 25ft commercial extension cord (orange) that just wrap around the back. The idea being, if the cord get twisted (as they all inevitably do), or fraid, or is just not long enough, you can replace it with just another extension cord from the hardware store (like a 50 ft. one).
It's lighter than most commercial vacuums. But, then again, it's not a true commercial vacuum.
yes it is self=propelled
Not if you carry it on your back. If that's what you want it primarily for then I would choose a shop vac instead, but it is definitely possible.
I can't use full power on area rugs it sucks them off the floor. I use a turbo nozzle with rotating brush it has enough suction to power it. Cleans my carpets better than Eureka upright with brush. It is a commercial vac very well made comes with a 2 year warranty.
This vac is no louder than any normal vac. It shouldn't smell. Do you see any smoke? Hoover has good customer service you should call them.
no idea about the merry maids. i did purchase this vacuum a couple years ago. i am 6' tall and found it hard to bend over all the time when using a regular vacuum. this one works well on hard wood and carpet. bag needs to be cleaned after each use, but then i have three dogs so my place gets dirty fast. comfortable to wear for a man.
Good morning, the cord is approximately 48 feet long, however if you need a longer cord, the vac is set up to easily exchange the cord for a longer one, as it is an 3-prong plug in cord. It has 120 CFM and has 8.5 amp. I can highly recommend this unit. I use it in my home and it is more than adequate for that, but I got the idea from the gym I attend and it has, according to the employees there done a terrific job.
Sorry, we've not "wet cleaned" the filter yet. I chatted with my wife about it and she believes we can simply rinse it out in the sink and let it dry. You can purchase extra filters or you can purchase $24 HEPA filters for vac. I may invest in one of these soon. They work pretty well in shop vacs and can be rinsed out many times before replacement is necessary. Good luck. We will love our C2401.
I think you can get a 1-1/2 to 1-1/4 adapter like this http://www.grainger.com/product/BOSCH-Hose-Adapter-5UVF2
I don't have any carpet in the home where I have this vacuum. I have all wood floors. However, I do use the backpack vac with the brush attachment to vacuum the small area rugs and entryway mats. It seems to work adequately for those. If I had longer pile carpet, I'd probably have a "beater-style" vacuum for those. This vacuum is best for concrete, wood, tile and other hard surfaces you'd find in garages, basements, and interior areas without carpet. Hope this helps.
Not sure what comparison you are considering. This is a back pack type vacuum and I don't think Dyson makes any back pack vacuums. I have this and a Dyson animal dc25 (I Think). This one is good for hardwood and ceramic floors and not very good for carpet as it does not have good tool for carpet. It is very convenient to walk around with once it is on your back. I use the dyson on carpet. Dyson is little more cumbersome to move around and I do not like it's retractable hose because it always want to retract itself so you will have to keep it pulled constantly to get to where you want to vacuum. I get tired of keep pulling :-(.
It is bagless. The vacuum does use a filter that accumulates debris and must be shaken out per use, and occasionally washed; but it is not a bag, and does not need to be replaced unless damaged.
Yeah! If you go to Hoover's website directly, they have them all available for purchase.
It works well on high pile carpet.
I'm not sure but you can adjust the height from hard wood/tile to carpet.
I can't speak specifically of dog hair, but I have used it on my tile floor and it sucks up all the dirt on my floor.
No, It cannot be disconnected.
Yes this cleaner is made in the USA believe it or not. So far been a very good cleaner.
This vacuum does not have a hose or tools. Straight stick floor vac only. Great vac for the that though!
VERY good! While the house is "standard" carpet, I have a hallway runner and an entry way runner that are of the oriental-type. And, I have two large dogs. The dog hair is no challenge! That said, I usually have to 'toe stand' on the ends to keep them from sucking upward. Believe me, I have run this vac through Hades and back - and it is still going strong!
Hoover Brand Type A
No, it is not self-propelled. But it is fairly light weight about 10 lbs.
My entire downstairs is tile and wood flooring. Yes, this puppy really serves my purposes well. I actually bought the PortaPower after checking out what the house cleaning service used. Being that a vacuum is a tool of their trade I followed in their tracks. Be sure to buy the optional canvas shoulder carrier. You do not want to be carrying this unit around by its handle. Even with the shoulder straps you will be using one hand to vacuum and one to manage the cord.
Yes, It works really well. I learned about this model from the janitorial service I use. Just be aware that it is a small unit and as such you may be emptying the canister more often that you would like but the suction is what I got it for: animal hair around the house.
I have no idea but it works very well
Honestly I don't think there is a difference, I think it's a typo. I can tell you that this vacuum has tons of suction and is a really good product. you would love it. I got the carrier with mine, its awesome because you can wrap it around yourself or carry it on your shoulder and put all of your tools in the little pocket on the side. I clean houses for a living and use it all the time.
2.2 peak HP
I can't say for sure. If the kids microscope has removable eyepiece, it probably would work. On regular microscope eyepiece is removed and camera put in its place. Adjustments for focus are those of actual microscope. 888-950-2888 is toll free number to AmScope. Open 8AM- 5PM M-F PST. They could probably give you definite answer. Camera works great if it's compatible.
Hi, it does have magnification, but through the included software (via download). It's a digital zoom. So you do lose some quality. To attach, you need to remove the existing eye piece. There is a very small screw holding it. Unscrew that and then pull out. For my microscope, I did not need any of the included adapters. Note installation may be different if you have a different model microscope. Hope this helps.
Yes, it is. works okay.
I had the same problem. Finally contacted Amscope. Turns out my microscope will not support the magnification on the camera. I would suggest that you contact them directly. They will tell you how to use the camera or they will let you know which models of microscopes will support it.
Should be compatible as it enumerates as a USB UVC device like most webcams. The software on the CD, however, is Windows only.
That is a good question - I do not know. Not having a Chromebook, I could not answer that question either. Sorry.
I tried it on an OS10 Mac desktop and couldn't get it to work. I then tried it on a PC Laptop and it worked beautifully and immediately. My Mac desktop is fairly old, so perhaps it would work on your MacBook Pro. Ask the company. I found them very responsive.
You should have no problems, the camera is universal and fits by removing the eyepiece and sliding in the camera eyepiece. But if for some reason it doesn't, you can always return it through Amazon. Good luck.
Each pair of wire (one pair can be determined by a VOM ) is capable of maximum10w /100v solenoid control. It is better explained by drawing schematic. But unfortunately I can not do it in this written format. Perhaps you search this matter in you tube videos. Most likely you will find somebody explaining this.
ASCO solenoid valve, 1/4 NPT, brass, 120 vac. coil. You could use plastic tubing to connect from cold water to coffee pot using the appropriate fittings. The control level point would be critical. William M.
Instructions are really not needed if you have a voltmeter. The bottom float is shipped normally closed and the top is normally opened. You can change this setting by taking the clip off and reversing the float 180 degrees. Both switches are simply on or off. What other info do you require?
the cable exit hole is sealed watertight.
No
Should not be a problem. It would be necessary to flip the bottom float.
Cable Length is just 350mm/ 13.8"
about 6 inches
They are not adjustable.
I have used them with great success! very happy. I am not sure what you are asking about Temperature? it will work great in above 32 deg Farenheit = 0 celcius and I do not see any problem with it up to 50 Deg Celcius ( or 125 Fahrenheit) How hot or cold do you want to use it for? It works very reliable. I use it in $10'000 water features indoors.
There are 10 boxes with 24 individual wipes in each. So, 240.
I purchased a large quantity of this item last April 2012 and there is no expiration date. I would guess the shelf life lasts for years in sealed packets.
I keep them in my office, so I can't measure them right now. But, they definitely are NOT those little, bitty stuff you can barely wipe your hands with in restaurants. They are a nice size to use for both hands.
5.0 x 7.5 in. (12.7 x 19.0 cm)
There are 24 individually wrapped wipes per box. With 10 boxes in the order. So, a total of 240 single wipes, individually wrapped.
Even if your purchased one of AmScop's microscope cameras, you would not be able to attach it to this microscope. The ports are too small to fit one of the microscope cameras. I suggest you upgrade to model M150A, M150B, and M150C.
There is a tiny screw in the outside of the barrel, on the back side, about one inch from the top. This screw is what holds the top lens securely in place. Remove that screw (you will need a jewelers or eyeglass screwdriver), and the top lens will pop right out in it's own small tube. Replace the 10X with the 25x. I hope this helps. It's a good unit. Have fun!
Yes.
Yes! All round good scope. I bought slides with onion skin & other small cells.
The image at 1000x is dark and fuzzy. It does go that far but image quality is not that great, but for me, as a mere hobby, it is acceptable. It works best at the lower magnifications. It is still a very good scope for the money.
No. But you can order a bundle, microscope and slides, which is cheaper.
11.5"
I have just check sperm with it. I think is a good microscope for the price.
High school grade
lens cleaner for glasses should work well.
Yes
You need to measure the inside diameter of the threads in the bottom of the microscope. The supplied adaptor is 48mm and several others are available on the AmScope website. The 48mm thread will measure about 47mm inside.
I'd say 4100K or even higher. Not yellow at all.
It is made to clamp onto a the bottom of the microscope. I do not know what you scope looks like so I can't say that it will work for you or not. You will see that there are 3 screws going into the middle. These screws are used to mount the light to any round that is smaller in diameter than the light itself. I hope this is helpful. I use this lamp anytime I am using the scope and am very happy with it.
Probably. Your question does not contain any specifics. Scope? Camera? Top or bottom lighting? I use mine on a Nikon variable magnification dissection microscope for top lighting. I have taken excellent shots using AmScopes 3MP microscope eyepiece camera (model MU300). I have also had excellent results using an eyepiece adapter and my Pentax K-30 DSLR. My interests are in still shots, but there is no reason with the correct hardware (and possibly software) that video couldn't be taken. I think the most important issue is using the correct interface between your camera and scope. AmScopes eyepiece cameras include the appropriate interface for the two most common eyepiece diameters. If you are using a more generic camera, an after market interface will be necessary. If you are using an interface to a computer you will also need a software package for video with the drivers for your operating system. AmScopes eyepiece cameras come with a nice software package (Mine came with ToupView version 3.7 for Windows) I hope that helps.
This is the only one I have ever owned.
31.8 High x 25.4 Top x 19.4 Bottom, all in mm.
I believe so yes. Not sure how to tell but feel like real cork.
Hi, here are the dimensions... Top diameter 25.4 MM Bottom diameter 19 MM Height 29 MM Let us know if you have further questions or concerns. John / Customer Service / Carolina Biological Supply Company
We have this in Cinnamon finish
Yes, I am extremely happy with my purchase after I had it for 2 months. It fits my little small space perfectly and looks very stylish!
The height, placement and water flow direction are good for normal bathroom activities like washing hands, brushing teeth, etc. I don't know that I'd try to get a head under there to wash hair, but for everything we use it for it is nice. Water pressure and flow volume need to be controlled at the main shut off valves to ensure you don't have too much water flow that the stream overrides the sink. When adjustted properly, the flow rate is fine, there is plenty of water to do what you need to do. We're happy with the unit, pleased with the overall quality and think it looks nice.
The drawers actually don't sit all the way to the back wall, but they are enclosed into their own space separated from the rest of the interior of the vanity. You will have to split the hot and cold water supply so they come put the wall under each sink, that's what i did, but i did drill two wholes to be able to run the waste line behind the drawers that connects both sinks drains, vs doing it inside the wall. You have 5 1/2" space between the back of the drawers and the back wall of the cabinet. I hope it helps.
Yes, the manufacturer will sell the vanity without the sink and faucet they will discount it about $75
I do not have a matching mirror. We just made one by buying mirror and inserting it into a custom made frame to match the finish of the faucets.
Yes, we have. one of our customer service will contact you again on Monday. Thanks
We have med cabinet and mirror for sale .Please contact us directly.
There is no backslash and I wouldn't say there is a lip. I have never really been concerned about backsplash in a bathroom, so never noticed?
it shines oblique rays through the microscope specimen as to make them more visible because the specimen has a refraction index close to that of water. its dry so no oil is needed but does lose some focus because it doesn't use oil
The DK-DRY-120 would be the correct darkfield dry condenser for the B120.
I have viewed specimen at 2000 mag without difficulty.
I use an oil darkfield condenser at 800x and more and I recommend it.
I find the AmScope Dry Darkfield Condenser to be a great addition to my microscope, especially when viewing protozoans. In general, an object which is mostly transparent (like most protozoans) often images well in the darkfield. You probably know this, but just in case you don't: the idea is to replace the fully-illuminated field from your current condenser which shines on your objective lens (creating the white field you usually see), with a thin "ring of light" which is designed to NOT hit the objective lens -- so if you try it out with an empty, blank slide, you won't see anything ... because there's no light reaching the objective lens. But when you have an object on the slide, it DOES catch the light, and it is the lights being bounced of the image that you will see, as a brightly lit image against a dark background field. Using it is fairly simple: you just undo the locking screw for the regular (lightfield) condenser (be careful when doing this, and support it with your hand so it doesn't fall when the unlocking screw releases it). Then insert the darkfield condenser in its place and lock it in securely. MOST IMPORTANT: as the other reviewer said in their answer, the customer service folks at AmScope are very knowledgeable, very helpful ... and very patient. I have had to ask them a few questions when I couldn't understand something, and they have always been a big help. So if you are still having trouble, don't hesitate to call them. They'll explain it much better than I could.
I've had this case for months and it has held up very well. It has thick padding to protect your scope and has storage pockets for additional accessories too. Below is a list of scopes that will fit into this case. You can go directly to the AmScope website and search for additional cases if this one does not work for your model. AmScope can be contacted at: (888) 950-2888 if you have additional questions. Taken directly from AmScope's website: "This is a microscope carrying bag for B370, B390, B400, B490, T370, T390, T400 and T490 series microscopes. It is also good for M200, M500, D100, D120 series microscopes."
Yes its a soft shell case.
Yes
Correct. The adapter screws directly to the camera without a lens and it keeps camera stationary in the vertical tube of your microscope. Note that the image quality through the adapter is much poorer than through the eyepiece. Especially with a full frame camera (Canon 6D, 5D or 1DX) you will get very bad distortion on the outer 50% of the image making it practically unusable. You'll get much better results using an "afocal" setup where you use camera + lens focused to infinity to shoot through the regular eyepiece. Setting that up is trickier as you'll need to get the camera to just right position and block any extra light, but the results will be much better. Finding a suitable lens is also tricky, you basically need a lens that has very short front optical elements (so it works close to your eye). In general older 50mm manual focus lenses work best, I'm using an old Olympus 50mm lens with a Canon adapter. Got all of them from eBay for $30 :) If you don't care about image quality too much, this adapter makes for very convenient way of taking pictures through the microscope.
I used it in the eyepiece of my Leica microscope and it worked just fine. The only issue will be focus with the other eyepiece (if that is important to you). If you are performing all of your focusing through the camera, then no worries.
Yes it does. And it probably works better with 7D than with the full-frame 5D3 I used it with. The picture quality is still not so good, but at least the worst areas will not be in the frame.
It should since my camera is a rebel t2i which has a EF type of mounting the link below for more information. Seehttp://community.usa.canon.com/t5/Lenses/Do-all-Cannon-lens-fit-all-Canon-camera-s/td-p/48587
Call or email Amscope. They responded immediately to my similar question. http://www.amscope.com/ 1-888-950-2888
Hi, I'm using my Canon rebel t2i and it works fine for still (none moving) samples. Moving samples are hard to photograph mostly because I have to amp up the isolation ect
"When seen in the picture, The max height of field of view is approximately 0.85mm with 10X objective. The width is longer about 1mm."
No. The SX30 is a point and shoot so the lens cannot be removed. You need a camera body that takes standard Canon lenses. This accessory has the same fitting as the Canon EF lenses as far as the camera is concerned except there is no focus adjustment possible. You need to move the microscope up/down to focus.
It will fit any Canon with an EF mount, which the 20D is. Note that you won't be able to control anything as there is no "aperture" let alone digital communication between the camera and the "lens". You will be shooting in manual mode controlling only the shutter speed and ISO (noting that the 20D is quite noise at higher sensitivity). You can bracket both exposure and (microscope) focus producing quite good results.
Yes
Yes this will fit a D90, we do ship to Croatia and this will fit the 23.2 MM port. To find out shipping charges, you would have to add this item to your Amazon cart.
Yes. Works with my D800.
Yes
Nikons have a standard mount so yes this should work with the D3100.
Should work fine on the D3100. It just replaces the lens.
This lens is designed to work only with interchangeable lens cameras. Since the L330 has a fixed lens, it would not connect. I was very disappointed in the image quality of the lens anyway. Don't bother.
I've had a lot of messages regarding information on this product. I bought it, I used it twice, it did not do what I wanted it to do and I don't even know where it is now. It is a cheap of kit with no depth of field so if you are taking pictures of slides then I guess it may work for you, although the quality is not good and camera shake is terrible. There are lots of alternatives these days and I suggest people look at them. If I had had more money at the time, I would not have wasted my money on this.
This adapter only attaches to the standard Nikon camera mount. They also sell an adapter for the Canon camera mount.
Yes I do. Mine fits the Nikon 300-S, sits where the microscope digital camera normally fits. I actually find that the digital camera which comes with the scope is quite adequate for 90% of the applications. The software saves in several formats and can be manipulated in photo software if needed. Hope this answers your question.
No
Hi, the best way for me to describe it is a plastic like what is used for transferring water from one fish tank to the next. It worked wonders for my son so it didn't worry about it. My son didn't use it long before he learned how to drink from any straw. I hope my answer helped.
Yes, it is!
its the 4 oz and it doesnt work as well...i am also looking for the larger one and have no luck so far!
Yes, make sure the surface is clean. If the zinc coating is smooth it will need to be roughed up to 80 grit
It comes with a large tube of hardener. I wouldn't risk not using a 3M hardener.
What IS "SMC"? Something to eat? This product has worked extremely well for me on both fiberglass and steel. It applies easily and stays put wiithout shrinkage. It's easy to sand once cured and has been an excellent seam and small flaw filler.
There is a difference. The standard Platinum (3m 1171) will be more runny and have more pinholes and takes much more effort sanding than the Platinum Plus (3m 1131).
No, it does not come with hardener. You have to order it separately or purchase it at a local auto parts store.
black
14 oz each can
Dont waste your hard earned money!It's black nothing.
no just spray it back and forward it really work
you can get it in either White or Black. The stuff really works well, but make sure you know which one (Color) you are ordering when purchasing
no it definitely cannot, we tried it for a leak on out guttering, it did not work at all... used out the whole can, I hope this helps.
wouldn't recommend it
This would work for freeze drying food if my understanding is of the process is correct, if your key goal is to pull water molecules out of your frozen intact peas, carrots, and potatoes etc then yes this would work over a period of time as with a mason jar technique but you would still need to make use of silica gel. The key is what you are using to pull the water molecules out of the material not so much the chamber, say a regular food saver vacuum sealer (can be used as a vacuum pump) wouldn't be as strong or efficient at achieving the end result as a CFM vacuum pump and honestly they cost about the same.
I would suggest a thicker pot as well. I wrote them a product review few days ago. Spoke with a rep about how he could improve his product and such. Awesome customer service!
Since it is stainless steel it will likely do fine provided you're not taking it up to temperatures that will have a detrimental structural effect on the steel. I'd think that you will be ok up to about 230C. Keep in mind this is an educated guess, I've got an aluminum chamber and it's been handling 175C just fine.
2.5 would work. I believe a 6 cfm would be better. I started with a 2.5 and had trouble getting to 28hg. the 6cfm does it fast. There is only one valve for suck. The other valve is a thumb release, to release the pressure. I put a 1/4" brass valve and connected a 1/4" npt quick change. then i used a barbed fitting that would be used on a quick change and attached 1/4" vinyl hose. i did the same on the pump for easy breakdown. It is important to have a valve on the suck. This valve shgoul;d be closed when you turn on pump then open. When you are done vacing close valve then turn off pump. This keeps the chamber from receiving contaminant blow-back from pump. This is what i know. Good luck. ps. Contact In Lab Designs (Amber she is very nice) and they will put the valve and quick change on for a fee. then it will be easy to pick up the rest at ACE
Mine came with what looks like 1/2" but it has worked awesome so far
No this is not labeled to clean hair salon or spray rather this positive developer is used for developing photo sensitive printed ciruit boards.
Go to http://www.mgchemicals.com/downloads/msds/english/sds-418-liquid.pdf
No, this is not allowed by the FAA according to their website since it is a corrosive chemical. http://www.tsa.gov/traveler-information/prohibited-items#9
I don't think it does, but I'm not sure.
Yes, it cleans them very well....use the bare floor attachment and some hard floor cleaner made for this machine and hot water. I was surprised what an easy job it was. Good luck on yo u r floor!
Yes you can, works quite well
remove the carpet attachment with the screwdriver and replace it with the bare floor tool. you will be able to tell which part to remove, it looks similar to the replacement part.
Load limit is 420 lbs. I do not know the breaking strength.
It isn't listed, but other 1/2" solid braided nylon lines are listed with a safe working load (SWL) between 450 and 500 lbs., and a tensile strength (breaking point) between 4700 and 5000 lbs. NOTE: This line cannot be spliced.
Double braided has two layers of braid. This is solid braid also known as braided all the way through. It has no unbraided core, all the strands are part of the braid.
I can't think of any reason why it wouldn't work just fine..... It's as good as any 1/2 nylon rope I've ever used... BA
No it does not
No it is a poly nylon blend. I don't know the exact percent. Maybe 20-30 % nylon.
Measured in our shop using a recently calibrated micrometer this rope measured between .1701 and .1859 inches under loads from 25 to 50 pounds. The unloaded line was measured at about .1700 to about .1900. This is consistent with the products we have received from Rope King. They seem to represent their products differently than quality domestic manufacturers do. Their spools are also consistently junk. Most of the spools we receive are broken leaving the line in a rats nest in the junky box they ship it in. Still, for light use not requiring rope made to specifications it is tolerable sometimes. You need to figure in additional cost to get a rope of the actual diameter you're buying though sense to get 1/4" rope you will probably need to buy the rope they sell as "3/8" rope".
Fastener Type Non-Wire Rope Load limit (lb.) 240 Material Nylon Rope Diameter (in.) 1/4 Rope configuration Braided Vinyl coated 0 Weather Resistant Yes Floats in water No
The rope I received is white. The reel is also white, and very flimsey. Just be aware of this and you are fine.
Yes, and impressively well as long as the glass is transparent. Sunlight works best to cure the bond which will take hold rapidly
Should work well, maybe brilliantly, as long as either the glass or the pvc is transparent enough to allow UVlight to cure the bond. I am a sculptor (in glass and metal) and for the work I've done Loctite 349 Impruv is peerless, stronger and cleaner than construction silicone
Yes. No. You need uv light to cure it so opaque glass won't work.
We use a black light. It was like $19 on Amazon. You know, the same one you had in your dorm room! It sets in 10 seconds and cures in 5 minutes. I hope this helps.
You need ultraviolet light. A blacklight works, or sunlight. A blacklight LED may work, but the white light LED flashlight uses a type of white phosphor that glows from the UV from the SiC semiconductor. The are not designed to emit uv.
No it only works on hard surfaces such as glass to glass, glass to metal
I have used Loctite 349 to attach glass-on-glass and glass-on-metal for outdoor sculptures and the pieces have held perfectly through rain and snow. I don't think immersion should be a problem
it should as long as the glass/crystal is transparent enough to allow uv light through to cure the bond. Sunlight works best (and quickest) but a uv bulb will suffice
I have tried different kinds of UV, see below .: http://www.crlaurence.com/crlapps/showline/offerpage.aspx?Productid=3608&GroupID=15683&History=39324:42484:42486:15680&ModelID=15683 http://www.lightinthebox.com/huntereyes-395-400nm-21-led-uv-flashlight-blue-3xaaa_p1498534.html?litb_from=sysmail However they did not cure the adhesive enough.
This one is a poly wheel. Let me know ifyou are still looking a softer wheel. Poly will not mark the floors. Soft black rubber will. thanks
No this is a Round Post .864 x 2 3/16. We don't have a 5/8 like this one. thanks Kelly
each. thanks
Not really, the paint would flake off and not look very good.
It won't protect it from a shovel or pitchfork but should protect it from the weather
Hi. I don't believe this carries an actual temperature rating. Mine runs all around in the engine compartment and as close as about eight inches from the exhaust manifold but is not in contact with it of course. There has been no deformation or curling. If you require fiberglass-and-aluminum heat-shielding, make sure you get that instead of this. This is nylon.
Hello coruggated flexible tubing does not have the split in the tubing this is the only differents I know both are same strength but split loom is easier to work with. Hope this helps have a good one!
Hi This will fit around most small electrical cords, but larger gauge cords will require a larger split loom. The question is too broad and cannot pinpoint the answer. Thank you for choosing The Wires Zone.
Hi. Standard zip cord (lamp cord) will easily fit in this if it's 18ga. 16ga is tight but the loom does barely close.
I've honestly used it for just about every cord in my house!
I think it depends on your cat. When mine was a kitten he could still puncture through it - it just depended on how ornery he was feeling. But he was definitely less inclined to do so with this covering, so it might work as a deterrent. Now as an adult he avoids the covered ones completely, and he does still go for some of the uncovered ones.
Probably not, but maybe if you double it up
According to the box it is made in China
Appears to be cast iron
I returned
It's a light blue - not sure if it's baby blue. I would say a shade darker than baby blue
7.5 in. tall from base to top of jaws. It's 6.5 in. wide" and 14 in. deep when fully closed.
My husband says it holds a 9/16th bolt. Hope that helps.
Yes it swivels... the swivwl plate surface is disk shaped just above the mounting plate with the 4 holes - not obvious on the photo. Not super high quality- but excellent for my home shop- would buy again.
Lol, I originally bought it too for my ar-15. Pretty sturdy product; use A R mounts and vise rubber pads and its a go.
The widest I would go is 4 1/2 inches
China
it would be slick if it were quick. But no thanks...you have to crank.:)
Hi, I have this vise and I have been happy with it for the cost. I can give you some of the dimension of my vise. The dimension will be as close as I can give without pulling the whole vise off. The guild rods have a spread of 7 3/8. The mounting plate that goes under the bench is about 9 1/2 wide and 5 deep. The 5 inch allows enough room for the guild rings too. Hope this is what your looking for
Hi, It seems to want a 25 Millimeter diameter Handle, 1 inch almost makes it, but is only .010 too much. Easy way out is to get a good one inch maple or birch dowel about 14 inches long, put it in a lathe and turn half inch tenons on each end and and sand the dowel with 80 grit paper until it fits thru the hole in the vise. Then get a couple of 1-1/4" to 1 1/2" wooden balls to glue on the ends, leave one off until you get it in the vise. regards, Burton Hunt
Does not have a layout, you have to work on it, but the holes sizes are like 1 1/4" for the bolt and 13/16" for the rails. When you are attaching the visel to the workbench be sure you have the two wood pieces inserted, otherwise is not going to close straight.
Well that depends on how thick the workbench is and how thick the jaw material is. In my case I have 1.5" thick workbench sides and I have 1.5" (2 pieces of 3/4" plywood glued together) at the handle and 1 piece of 3/4" plywood as a vise jaw at the bench side. So I get a good 8" or so before the main screw comes away from the remaining part of the vise which is attached directly behind the side of the bench.
Right from the description: "ASI Food Grade Silicone Sealant can be applied to surface temperatures from -18C to +50C (0F to +120F) and after curing, withstands constant operating temperatures from -70 to +400 degrees F."
Smell goes away once it has fully cured.
Probably not, it would be too thick, your labels won't lay flat and look nice. It's used more to seal glass case corners or stainless steel pieces together.
It can be used on a smoker, but will only withstands temperatures up to 400 F.
Yes, I would say so! I have used it for SOO many things, it seems to be pretty much universal. It is extremely sturdy once it Is all the way dry!
If you mean that it would seal water in, it is not food grade. It's for "incidental contact with food", at least when I bought it. It also no longer said food grade on the packaging when it arrived. I didn't look into whether or not aquarium sealant is considered safe for continuous contact with food or not. I would look into that, or look into food safe molding materials for life casting, for example. If it is meant to be in contact with your skin for a long time, it might also be safe for prolonged contact with food.
No, it would never hold in the long run. There are plenty of epoxy glues that are very strong you just have to choose the right one for the material your cook-top is made of.
You can but it probably won't hold very well. A hot glue gun works well for fabrics.
It's not designed for that application this is a silicone used in freezers and glass case refrigerators that contain food. I suppose you could use it and don't think it will harm anything but I don't believe its paintable. Why not a latex caulk from Loews its cheaper maybe 3 bucks or so
Sure! The glue doesn't set too hard so it won't damage your pot. It's food-grade and won't have any trouble standing up to boiling water.
Yes, they are brand new. They come in a ziploc bag with the caps and the roller balls separate from the bottles and you put them together. They were better than I expected for the amount of money I paid for them. It was a great buy!
plastic .. they fall out easily Metal is probably better I am learning
Yes, just slip your fingernail under the ridge and it will pop right out.
Yes you do! It is a good value
I believe the recommendation is that you should use tinted bottles for storage to help prevent the breakdown of the oils from the light. However, I personally use the clear ones because I am diluting my oils with a carrier oil in the roller bottles and I using them up quickly so I feel they aren't in the clear bottles long enough to break down. I also store the bottles in a bag that does not let any light through.
You just have to push really, really hard! Try a different roller. I found that some snapped right in while others I wanted to hit with a hammer!
No you cannot. . To pry it out you would damage the surround plastic
Clear
We also have white, pink, green lids. Please request the lid color you need.
Yes possibly three bags , they are surprisingly roomy, but for the average tea bag you probably can, I was able to fit a lot of candy in them
I havent tried but i would think so with a laser printer.
They are white glossy. Really nice and sturdy.
As long as you use Staz-on ink. All other inks will smear.
You would be able to print on them with a sharpie or label. I am not certain about the frozen treats.
Definitely! For the regular size macarons, you can fit two side by side if you want but one would absolutely look great as a gift.
Sorry, I'm not sure
Yes, you can see the color of the liquid in the tube. It is not crystal clear transparent like acrylic though.
7/16" -- using a ruler to measure inside diameter
About 4 inches
Yes. There is a hole to put objects or liquid in the tube. But, once the cap is on, they are virtually water tight. I have good luck with them keeping paper geocache log sheets dry.
Yes ;). Very cute idea!
About 4 inches
I think it would fit.
The tubes are about 4 inches tall.
I wasn't really happy with them. Some seemed to be water tight but some of them did leak around the lid. I wouldn't purchase them again. As far as air tight I don't know about that I filled them as I sold product to my customers on the spot.
List of ingredients: Glycerin, Aqua (Water), Hydrated Silica, Hydroxyapatite, Xylitol, Calcium Carbonate, Cellulose Gum, Mentha piperita (Peppermint) Oil, Citrus sinensis (Wild Orange) Peel Oil Expressed, Eugenia caryophyllus (Clove) Bud Oil, Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Cinnamon) Bark Oil, Eucalyptus radiata (Eucalyptus) Leaf/Stem Oil, Rosmarinus officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Oil, Stevia rebaudiana (Stevia) Extract, Gaultheria procumbens (Wintergreen) Leaf Oil, Commiphora myrrha (Myrrh) Oil, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Carrageenan, Titanium Dioxide Is it vegan? I don't know, I'm not. Does it contain carrageenan (YES) or sodium lauryl sulfate (NO)? Since you asked these questions I have been looking stuff up and I am getting mixed answers. It's hard to find good products that don't have stuff in them that is harmful. I guess we need to get back to basics. I started using the doTerra On Guard Toothpaste because it was recommended by an herbalist/chinese medicine person and I found that it helped my teeth not be so sensitive. But if I continue to look this stuff up, I may not be using any of these products. It's hard to be healthy in this world today. I hope my response has been of some value to you.
Without posting a bunch of links to research, I would break it down into this: Most regular toothpaste have artificial sweeteners, flouride (which I have read can be harmful over time, and a bunch of other questionable chemical creations. On Guard has simple natural ingredients, with pure essential oils, which kill harmful bacteria, and are even good at fighting illness, through ingestion, topical contact and inhalation. On Guard is also sweetened with xylitol, made from birch trees, which has also proven to inhibit bacteria growth. (By the way, xylitol is also a great sugar substitute, being good for your teeth.)
Yes, it is plastic.. Does it have BPH in the plastic.. ?? Don't know..
I just use the oil mixed with baking soda.
Actually I just asked and there is none. This is an awesome product
I sent an email to doterra as well and I received an email back saying that they would pass my email along to their product development team. It's very unfortunate that they are using these ingredients in an 'all natural' toothpaste, very deceiving...
Yes--the first ingredient is glycerin.
phil root canal is something you dont want to mess around with. dental procedures correspond with organ gland imbalances. I cant say whether using this will prevent a procedure. its a great toothpaste.
I'm able to use it with some mini-implants and crowns. Sorry, I'm not sure about veneers but I'd imagine that if other commercial toothpastes is OK then this toothpaste would be fine.
It does remove stains but not a tooth whitener.. I did notice an improvement within a few days though... If nothing else, it makes my mouth feel fresh and clean.
Yes, it is for eight 32 oz. bottles
I would use with care on cultured marble, testing a small area first. I use it in my travertine shower but the finish is rough not glossy. I would not use it on my shiny marble kitchen countertops. Cultured marble is supposed to have a man made polymer sealant of some sort so if that seal is good you shouldn't have a problem.
The received product was Scrub Free 32-Ounce Lemon Bathroom Cleaner, instead the original. Scrub free lemon isn't effective as the original. So, i'm disappointed.
It wobt work with a phone or tablet. But works well with a laptop.
I had excellent results with an OLD XP SP3 laptop (Compaq x1000). Seller was worthless & never responded to 2 ?'s as if this would work with Android phones. Havent had to use it on any W7 or newer tho. Only issue I had is if you point camera at the monitor while you are using the camers...looses connection (??) but just remove/plug & go back to work. We all got a yuck about the disclaimer "not for internal use"! Oh well, Darwin awards looses another applicant. The light control worked fine & def bright enough. Pic was VG also
the USB plug gets warm. the power for the LEDs may be high and drain the battery on the phone. since you have control of the brightness, you probably could control how long it lasts. I did use with a mini-laptop and it worked great.
That's 10 times the original design length. My guess is that your voltage will drop off over that length of cable run and it mat affect either your camera or lighting performance - or both. What I would do is contact the manufacturer - they are very helpful and may be able to tell you straight away. My other concern would be attempting to snake this camera through a 1/2" PEX for 300 ft! I believe that you'll have a feeding problem with any thing other than a straight run - that is, any radius in the pex is going to put up a lot of resistance to the feed. The tighter the bend, the more problem trying to push it around. You don't have a lot of clearance between camera and pex walls to begin with. This whole feeding thing may be more of a problem than powering the camera! Is there any access point where you can cut into the pex and then splice with a Shark Bite or similar connection? Good luck - let me know how you make out. Walt
Theres a small little toggle on the usb.
My MacAir can see the camera connected but no picture. I can use Skype select the camera and get a 2" square picture. I have searched for camera drivers without success.
it works like any usb cam. super simple. win 7 has the drivers already. 32 or 64 bit.
I didn't have to. The cable has a usb connection which I plugged to my laptop running windows 7. The laptop has a built-in driver for an internal camera, so it recognizes this camera as an external one.
I haven't tried a snow cone syrup dispenser. You could try one of those.
No, it has a light scent.
Vinyl Laminate is fine. Dilute per instructions. I would not suggest using on wood laminate.
There is a recommended ratio of mix for different disinfectant levels. We use it in a child care facility to disinfect and the Dept of Health in CT accepts it.
Yes. You must follow the dilution instructions exactly. Use in addition to your regular carpet cleaning solution. This disinfectant is very strong. Less is more.
No
I don't know, but my guess is that it certainly would be. It couldn't hurt. I do love this stuff.
I use it in a very diluted form to sanitize my clothes before I wash them. About 1/4 cup per 2-3 gallons of water. So far it has not discolored my clothes, and it does smell a bit better than bleach, though that is just my opinion. Sanitizes better than bleach. Warning...this is strong stuff, so I would advise using latex gloves when handling anything that has been sanitized in this product, and do not smell the bottle. Make sure to wash you hands when finished.
For really severe stains, I would recommend soaking for 20-30 minutes. Otherwise, you can use this in a washing machine in a normal washing cycle
Bought this item as prep for decontamination . doubt it would hurt brick unless homemade brick.
Hi Karen -- no lids included. We were lucky and were able to reuse our old ones. The Genuine Joe trash bins are great. I would definitely buy them again.
I bought this lid with it and it works well: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0056JAZ2I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o07_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 It's the Rubbermaid Commercial FG263100DGRN Brute HDPE Lid for Round Waste Container, Green.
42 Gallon contractor bags fit this can for me. Some brands you need to stretch the opening around the top of the can a bit but it fits fine.
It is a good size,strong,if I had to,I would buy it again,
It is watertight.
I didn't find any Genuine Joe lids. I bought an appropriate Rubbermade lid to go with it.
For the price its good. A little shorter than ave trash bin. But I lost so many pails to wind. Price was concern. A little heavier and that's good. For confetti shredder. I don't know how big ur shredder is but I would recco this for any disposal items and it. Has a large circumference
No it does not come with a lid.
don't know how tall it is. but it is bigger then my other trash cans.
1 mL
No. They do not have the screw on caps that would be required to fit on a bottle. You can remove the dropper plug of the EO bottle and use these to draw up oil but will need to keep using the bottle cap to seal the bottle.
No
I can tell u this. I ordered 3 for my canister and all three fit like a glove. I looked at their hose and my hose also to cross reference the parts. I was impressed
In all probability it will fit. The model number is very close to the one I have successfully fit with this brush.
I don't know. My vac is the original windtunnel
not meant for wind tunnel upright. it is for spectrum canister.
I'm not familiar with the Hoover Platinum, I use this with the Tempo 150 canister. I think what matters most is that the floor brush needs to fit into the pole attachment connected to the hose. My pole attachment has the plastic locking knob that turns to keep the floor brush in place
The bottles are easy to open but these bottles don't have a spray so you would have to dab the perfume on to your skin. I hope this helps.
They pop off! Might take a bit of wriggling, they're pretty airtight.
j. ; hi do not have one of the clear glass files in front of me, but they are pretty small. I am thinking only 1 mL. if you would like me to, in about six days I will be able to get back with you with an extract size.
no funnel
Yes
The link is indeed 4" long, so it looks like the specs are in error. I measured the small end and got an inside diameter of almost 5/8", so a 3/8" rope would definitely fit. Given the measurement, it should also take a 1/2" rope, but I don't have any to test, so I can't say for sure.
The product is used in a barn a few hundred yards away so i did not measure, but i know it is just wide enough to easily snap two together with only a little room to spare, so I'm estimating around 7/16" give or take.
Roy, I would checl to make sure all the part on this carabiner are stainless steel. I use mine on a 100 ft flag pole so it is exposed to weather all the time. It works fine and the only wear I noticed it is slightly discolored(not as bright as new)
I can see no reason that it can not be used for ice cream. I am not familiar with maltitol syrup other than its rep for being very sweet, that is not the case with sorghum which is some where between honey and molasses not as sweet as honey and does not have either the distinct color or bite of molasses. Both my Mother and I prefer it for baking and marinates as it sweetens but does not cover or change other flavors particularly fresh fruits for pies, and it leaves ginger and citrus flavors sharp and distinctive with out being sour. One thing I would caution is that sorghum is stiffer than honey and does not dissolve easily in cold liquids. It may take some experimenting to get the results you want. And it has far less of a laxative effect than molasses.
I believe it is BriesSweet White Sorghum Syrup 60DE. The packaging only says White Sorghum Syrup so I do not believe it is 45DE which is additionally marked 'High Maltose'
The ingredients are white sorghum grain and water. It is excellent and replaces syrup on our pancakes and most other uses for sweetener. I have not tried to replace sugar in baking recipes with it yet. We will order more. It is delicious.
This is an awesome hydrometer, I love it! The jar I use is 12 inches, I bought it from my local HBS.
Starts at 0, which is equivalent to SG 1.000, and goes all the way up to 35. It also hashes down below 0 to get you to almost -5 BRIX but it isn't labeled.
The one I received was colored.
It goes from 0.99 to 1.16
About 10 3/4" Long, 5/8" max. dia.
No
No
It measure Potential Alcohol, Specific Gravity, and Brix/Balling. The three of the "triple." It only reads up to a little over 1.160 and shouldn't go to extreme temperatures (it says "NO BOILING"). It sounds as if a Baume is a "heavier than water" measure, so you may need a different type of reader, one that comes with a temperature reader built into it which can withstand higher temps.
Yes this should work with everything from water to gas in your car. You do need to buy the testing cylendar.
You can not use this hydrometer for maple syrup. The Brix scale max. is 35. But... I grew up in N.H. and did some amateur sugaring when I was a kid. Back then, I used the "pinky taste test" method. Send a sample and I will be happy to test yours! :-) I don't really know the answer to your second question. But I suspect that it is tied to the $60/gallon price of syrup!
Very and reads fast I like it a lot
No, it is not mercury filled. Please read this for filling: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_thermometer
Yes.
My wife ordered it and she said yes you could use it for that. She also said it always says 20 degrees Celsius if it's in her classroom.
6mm +-1mm
test in boiling water. Should read 212
Yes
Yes! That is exactly what I bought them for. They also fit a lot of growlers.
The ones I received were black plastic
As far as I can tell they don't come off. I soak them in warm soapy water then wash them with a soft cloth. Then sanitizer before using them.
I received only one lid when I ordered a bag of 12. I did get a refund when I requested but it isn't worth the trouble!
It's a clear, hard plastic, but it seals very well. I've never had one leak.
I ordered and paid for a bag of 12, they sent 1 cap....i reported it to amazon and they made it right....so my second order was a bag of 12 as advertized but i had to pay more for them
I received a bag of 12.
I did the same thing as dthompson6881 for my brew kettle and it works just fine. A step drill bit to make it 13/16" on my aluminum kettle and then made sure there were no burs or sharp spots.
I was not happy with the coupling length on this one for a cooler application, and ended up buying a longer coupling and re-using the other on my kettle.
Depends on the thickness of your tun. The thermometer looks like it would screw into the coupler just fine, but the nipple that comes with the bulkhead is not very long, so if your tun walls are thick you may run into an issue. That said, the coupler, washer, o-rings, and stainless nut are practically worth the price of admission, so if you could always get a slightly larger nipple for a few bucks and still be ahead of the game.
Yes
No. The nut does have a recess that holds the round seal in place as it's tightened.
The price is per case (12). After ordering, I found a wine supply store near me that sold blue wine bottles by the case (too late to cancel). Their case prices were the same, but I would have saved the $14 shipping fee.
I would assume not because they are designed for wine bottles. However, I do not know first hand. I use mine for an outdoor bottle tree.
Blue glass. They are really nice and very durable.
I gave these to my dad for his birthday so I dont have the bottle to measure however its the same size as wine bottles in the store if that helps.
They have no tops.
My box that I purchased was a dozen bottles.
The size of a normal 750 ml. It has a narrow neck and slightly wider base which gives it the extra tall look. I was rather happy with these bottles.
There isn't a listing for 6 bottles and the shipping would be almost the exact same as ordering a case so it would make more sense to just purchase 12.
This is not a yeast in and of itself, rather it is a nutrient supplement to help ensure maximum yeast health. I believe it contains diammonium phosphate, dipotassium phosphate, magnesium sulfate and autolyzed yeast - all compounds which active, growing yeast use to build strong new cells. I use it especially for starter worts for big beers and in my mead making where I am often pushing yeasts into stressful situations (very high gravity etc). For beers, I add 1 tsp/gal of wort about 10 minutes before end of boil. For starter worts I put it in with my dry malt extract (1/4 tsp/Litre), then boil for 15 minutes in an erlenmeyer flask. For mead I use a staggered nutrient addition process using this and Yeast Energizer (see http://beerandwinejournal.com/staggered-nutrient-additions/) I use this in place of straight DAP in that scenario with good results.
Sorry, not sure where to purchase this. Barb
Diammonium phosphate but I don't know for sure. You can contact the seller for the contents. It's standard components used by brewers.
As long as you have a sealed hardwood floor, I say yes. I have been using this product on my sealed oak flooring for 10 years with beautiful, glossy results. Application is very easy with a microfiber pad. I highly recommend this product .
I've used it on stone with no issues.
I have older wood floors and I use Old English on really worn spots before I spply Pro Shot. Floors look good but does not ha ve HIgh gloss finish!
I would without hesitation. This stuff is AWESOME.
its about 21in tall give or take 0.5in
The base alone, not including the rod, weighs about 2 lbs, 6 oz, or about 1.1 kg.
They're ruber stoppers for the erlynmeijer flask and the upper distillation part but they are cork stoppers for the condenser.
I ordered the apparatus for essential oil distillation. It arrived on time and was complete and is a very high quality piece of labware.
There are lots of sources all over the internet for how to distill essential oils. Using this kit the only thing you will need to purchase is a small aquarium pump, a bucket and some plastic tubing. Amazon has them all, as does your local hardware store.
Yes. Their size is around 0.5 mm.
Cooling hoses are not included, but everything else was in mine.
5. Materials a. 20 Foot vinyl " flexible tubing (from water hose to condenser) b. 10 Foot vinyl " flexible tubing (from condenser to sink) c. Garden hose d. 3/4 " Garden hose adapter e. Garden hose shut off valve f. Taylor glass food scale g. Morton iodized salt h. Leiberg condenser i. Kjeldahl distilling column with 50 mm diameter bulb j. Two Erlenmeyer flasks (boiling flask, receiving flask) k. Support rod, clamp, base l. Wire gauze m. Heating stand n. Scripto wind resistant lighter o. Magic Flame canned heat p. Tap water q. Coffee cup for measuring r. 10 mL measuring cup s. Plastic cup to create larger mL measuring cup t. Permanent markers (red, green, blue) u. Clock v. Safety glasses
That is what we use and it works great on carpet
NO,,,not designed for use on any hard flooring including tile. Best machine I have ever owned for cleaning carpets. Dry in a good hour as long as you don't over wet. Very strong suction and machine is not loud.
I use hot hot water and bissell febreeze and pet mixed and redo with just hot water it's amazing
No, it is sold separately
The solution sprinkle is located behind the dirty water vacuum groove, so the Big 10 pick up the solution ( dirty water ) mostly in the back motion, anyway the dirty water vacuum engine runs ever while the Big 10 is on.
Forward and reverse to apply solution (also vacuums/extracts), then a second pass for extraction only. Once I have finished the room I then do another round with hot water only as a rinse, but that is not required. Vacuum when dry with your regular vacuum cleaner. The results are outstanding.
It has a squeeze on the front of it to get the water picked up
It is the exact same machine
No just carpet and upholstery
850nm, according to the spec (see http://www.parts-express.com/pe/showdetl.cfm?partnumber=073-014). HTH.
Yes as far as I know and I have researched this a lot they are. What is important is that they are 850nm and that is what the skin responds to. Also if u do get them you will see a very faint glow of red when powered up and this is normal.
You may wish to start small, http://www.talkingelectronics.com/projects/30%20LED%20Projects/30%20LED%20Projects.html and this is a good resource as well http://www.hebeiltd.com.cn/?p=zz.led.resistor.calculator
The chenille pad is for use wet with the loops that for indentations if floor isn't smooth. The dust cleaner is just as the name implies--dusts floors, baseboards, steps, etc. Reminds me of dust mops we used years ago when just dusting was needed, not wet mopping.
Yes it's very irritating!
You twist it counter-clockwise and pull, but as I recall I had to bang it on the floor a few times the first time I extended it. If that doesn't work, I would contact the manufacturer. Good luck.
If you have some sewing skills and could finish off the edge then it would work. If not, I would say no because the outer edge binding would start to unravel.
These pads are about 6" in width. The length is about 26". They fit on a regular 24" plate with some overlap necessary to reach corners and fully cover the plate. Thank you for your interest in our products.
5.5"
Yes. They are nice but I do have to press a little harder with them to pick up the same amount of dirt as the Rubbermaid. For the price, they are very good.
Yes it does, and once calibrated it is quite accurate. I would advise getting a calibration weight if you don't have one.
300g. The sticker is wrong. Follow the instructions to calibrate it then whatever weight it says on the LCD readout is the weight you need to use. I've had 5 or 6 of this same one now, I love it.
I thought the same thing. It didn't but I chose to use 2-300g weights any with how small of a set of scales these are
We only have ours hooked up to the freezer, I assume you would need to buy another unit!
Ryan, I can't locate that little certificate right now but if memory serves me it is about a year. My application does not require certification so I was not a compelled reader.
No, you would not ordinarily be able to hear from upstairs. I can hear it in my living room from the utility room nearby but can not hear it outside that area. It's about the same volume as my travel alarm clock.
It only records the min and max temp. No date/time.
It is an accurate thermometer. But your question also has some liability issues and could be a "medical legal" issue also, so you do need to contack the manufacturer.
I'm not sure if it is an 'official' certificate of calibration, but there is a sticker on the cord that tells when the calibration is good to. Call or e-mail the seller or manufacturer?
I don't know if it is on the cord, (between the sensor and the display unit), but it was on a paper that was packed with it, and the paper had the ser. no. on it..
Yes
I really don't think the probe can be removed form the bottle. That seems like a question for the manufacturer. Sorry I couldn't help more.
It comes with a year calibration. It is best to replace after a year and it comes with a certificate.
Dear Customer, thank you for asking a question. The camera comes with this bundle works with Mac. If you have another question, please feel free to contact us again.
At the lowest resolution, 28FPS and at the highest 2-5 FPS
On this microscope you cannot, these microscope come with a fixed condenser.
If you are asking if it has the ability to measure AC with a DC offset, then yes. You can choose to filter out the DC component (leaving only the AC wave form voltage difference), or keep it in, leaving the AC waveform elevated over ground with the appropriate DC voltage difference. This is what I believe you are looking to do. The company offers a copy of the software on their site which you can use in a demo mode to see the interface you will be working with. Somewhat related, you can also generate an AC waveform with a DC offset.
I think you can, I've never tried that low freq. Try turning persist on. It will capture the wave form and hold it on the screen. I'm enjoying my machine and it does everything I need...right now.
All the 10X option does is show the correct scale on the oscilloscope when you are using a 10X probe. i.e 1V/div becomes 10V/div.
Yes, it seems quite good. I am a former electrical engineer and this works well for my home hobby stuff. Easy to use. A little tricky setting up on windows 8, but they have information to walk you through it.
probably not, it really doesn't sample at a high enough frequency.
Yes. It outputs a png file or you can dump the data and do your own graphics
I have mine running under windows 7. You can't beat this thing for the price.
I am not sure how the grounding is connected. I would ask Velleman. However, I would think the USB grounding was connected to the PC's power cord grounding.
I am using it with Windows 7. I will try 8.1 tonight.
Hello David, It supports Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8. 32-bit & 64-bit. Mac OSX / Linux It has to be hooked up to the computer as the drivers for it is on a disk. I use my 32" TV as a monitor. The software that comes with the AmScope will create snapshots and video. It's a lot of fun and educational to use. Art Wilson
The microscope has course and fine focus adjustments. I verified this on my microscope today.
This camera doesn't work well with anything because the third highest magnification won't even show up on your computer. I was so pissed to have wasted so much money on this microscope - do not buy it.
Model No.: M158C with a 640x480 pixel USB2.0 imager.
Well you won't be able to use the most magnified objective....the software only works for the first two objectives
The resolution is not perfect, a illumine is not stable. But you can use eyepiece as well. Do not recomend this product to my friends.
The camera is used in place of the ocular lens (eye piece). The magnification is adjusted with the three objective lenses (the lenses on the turret). The depth of field (focusing range) is very shallow at high power, and only very thin translucent subjects can be view clearly, as with nearly all compound light illuminated microscopes.
NO - they will try, after you buy this, to sell you additional software so you can use it on your Mac but no matter what you will not be able to EVER see the highest magnification on the computer --- please don't waste your money on this POS - I wish I hadn't !!!!
The images show up well on a monitor though. Well worth it.
Yes, at www.amscope.com
This model doesn't come with the usb attachment and the software. I returned it to get the following model that came with the computer attachment and the required PC software. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032VFC84/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i01
Can you buy carrying case?
We have had this scope about a year now, we never had issues with the light or focus. It is a great scope!
Very good microscope.
With respect to the zoom factor, it has two separate eyepieces which can be swapped, at 10x and 25x optical magnification. Then there's the objectives, which can be swapped via the rotating nosepiece, and these individual objectives provide three magnifications at 4x, 10x, and 40x magnification. While 1000x magnification is possible, you'll need immersion oil which you put a drop of on the slide, with the oil coming into contact with the slide and the objective at the same time to increase the numerical aperture of the objective. If you are preparing semen samples, you'd likely need to dry them out first according to the appropriate preparation protocols, or the immersion oil will cause it to move around, and will contaminate your objective. Additionally, if this is part of research through a university or institution, you need to fill out an ethics compliance form prior to taken part in research which uses in vitro human tissue samples, as well has having a clearly defined testing protocol for handling the tissue sample. Celestron and similar companies provide "prepared microscope slides" (http://www.amazon.com/Celestron-No-44410-Prepared-Microscope-25-Piece/dp/B000Q74GV6/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1427413190&sr=1-1&keywords=microscope+test+slides) with things like spore, blood, sputum, etc, which might be more useful in your studies than preparing the samples yourself.
Not in the sense you're probably thinking of. This is best for translucent slides.
No, it does not come with a dust cover.
To clean the lenses use eye glass cleaner tissue.
23mm
Yes. It has corse and fine focus knobs to raise and lower the stage.
No just a mechanical stage and two inter changeable magnification eye pieces and a frosted material plastic to cover over it. Nothing else. I love it but then I never had one to compare either. I got it to do goat fecal for worms and it does great.
About 12" High. ....7" depth.....about 5" width
It's called a microscope digital imager. Search Amazon and you'll find some. If you go to Amscope they have even more, with more megapixels. The better ones are more expensive.
In a cardboard box packed in Styrofoam?" No instructions.
No
yes.
Yes, I have used them all semester with batteries. There is a power cord but the light doesn't seem to use a lot of the battery power. Students can easily use them right at their desk without a plug.
Yes it does. We have not experienced any problems inspecting insects (ants).
I own a M150C-MS (MS=mechanical stage) and it appears the base is a different design compared to the M158C. The specs seem about the same. The M150C also has a 360 degree rotating head holding the eyepiece.
I'm not sure what you mean by "immersion" lens, unless it attaches on top of the viewer, in place of the eyepiece. In any case, you may have to purchase it separately. I was hoping for the attachment that's shown to use for laptops for better and bigger viewing. Unfortunately, it does not. I do hope I answered your question.
no i dont any problem
It has 10Mb memory, so you can capture x amount of signal @ x bit rate. The higher the sample rate, the lower time frame you can record. Like setting image capture size in a camera, lower quality will yield higher quantity. I would check the timing of the signals to be recorded, I THINK if it exceeds 100mhz, this scope won't even capture one hi/low cycle. If it will, you will have a very narrow window and it will take lots of sampling, and decoding. I use it to diagnose if a chip is asserting an address line or in reset, or if a signal is pulled up or down. Rarely do I check timings. Hope this helps.
Well I don't know, but I can comment that I have had mine running nearly non-stop for 500+ days and when our calibration guy checked it a month ago, it was spot-on NIST's cal.
The scope has the battery compartment, but we are not selling the optional battery
The model we sell has the US plug
Screen size is normally indicared bt the diagonal measurement. 6 1/2" x 4 3/4" is 8" diagonal, therefore, an 8 inch screen.
Can you elaborate to what your question is?
It does heat to 450.00 but we do not have experience with the specific application that you are asking about.
The ovens do come with racks.
Each company ships from a different place. We ship from Alabama.
If you are asking if you can put "trays" into the 40GC Oven, this would not be recommended. Trays act as a deflection surface, changing the performance of the oven dramatically. A better fit would be an "AF" model, as it has a fan that circulates warm air around the items, but even that oven should not be overloaded with tray-like objects
The uniy is black and is all metal with a glass screen and plastic buttons. It's mostly well built but the two toggles on the right double up as buttons that you need to be gentle with. The firmware was up to date when I received the unit but I did have to format the storage with my pc before I could save data. Overall it's a decent unit for the price.
Hello!... I am from venezuela. Zorry by my english. :). Refer to dso 203, i dont see anithing about lissajou. I test a lot off functions and never see. I could be say it with save this not has this function. Regards!...
The sampling rate should be at least twice the data rate according to Shannon's Law. I haven't checked it on high frequency devices over 5 MHz. or so. The proof of the picking would to be if it would display the output from a signal generator or a random antenna connected to it and transmitting nearby within the 20 or 30 meter bands. I don't recall saying it had a 72 MHz. bandwidth, if it did, everybody would have one and they wouldn't be as cheaply priced. Check out the print on the website and there might be a detail or two: Sain DSO (oh--not zero,)203. I haven't used mine in a while, I just like gadgets, fool around with them for a while until I get bored or figure out a better way to do the same thing. Good luck...
The battery is a Lithium Ion Polymer, 3.7 volt, 950 mAh with protection circuit. (The DS203 hardware version is 2.72)
From the manual - 80Vpp (xl probe)
Dear, this item has the storage with internal 2MB USB disk. As I am a little confusion for your question, hope you can tell me the problem in details. Thanks a lot.
It's rather substantial. It's much larger than it appears in the picture. It's made of heavy duty plastic that won't easily break. We use it with honey and it has been on over 10 drums with no signs of wear yet. Overall satisfied.
No
That is correct. But make sure you have a rack to lay it on.
I do not think so. You should use a funnel.
Depending on the size of the seed it may wedge in between the portion that rotates and cause it to get stuck. If it's just millet it may work but it would probably need to be tapped repeatedly to keep it from bunching up. The opening inside the valve is 1.75" and there is a structural bridge spanning right through the middle.
No, but coarse to fine thread adapters are available what size is the opening on your drum?
This fits 2" NPS threads. You can get an adaptor with male buttress threads and female NPS threads.
Hi Khalid, the dimensions of this machine are L88"x W69"x H48, feel free to call me at 407-468-6614 if you have anymore questions, my name is Milena.
You can use this machine but I would recommend to use one with 130 watts for faster results, please call me at 407-468-6614 for more information, my name is Milena. Thank you
Yes, the whole machine and accessories are covered under warranty for any malfunction due to manufacturer defects. You can call me at 407-851-5525 for more information, my name is Milena. Thank you
It can give you a nice cut on any 1/2" piece of wood and 1/3" in softer woods such as redwood or maple. If you have any more questions feel free to call me directly at 407-468-6614. My name is Milena. Thank you
Hi Buster, this model can't cut metal, we do have some that do, please call me to 407-468-6614 for more information. My name is Milena. Thank you
top across is (1 6/8) inches, (1 7/8) long,bottom across is 1/4 inch.
That of course depends on the diameter of the opening of the bottle you are trying to fill. The opening is 1/4" diameter so they should work with a bottle that has a 3/8" opening or larger.
They are very small, we used them to help 3-4 year olds with craft projects like sand art. I don't have them to measure but that is the best info I can give you
I don't think so. The neck is too narrow. I used it for sand.
I have no idea...sorry.
Sorry I do not know I do know it did not work in any way shape or form I was unable to get a signal ,hope this helps .
it didn't last long at all maybe two months then it quit
Candy - Send contact e-mail and I will send you electronic copy of the instruction manual printed in China. e@5127753318.com Subject: ATB15S
I returned my box, because it did not work at all with the same issue you have. It had worked a couple days and then the red light came on, I had tried calling the number listed for help and no one ever answered. So I considered the product not good at all. Return it.
I'm not sure what you're asking, it just plugs into an outlet. I would not buy it, mine worked fine for about a month and then just stopped working. Quite a few other reviewers had the same problem so I would definitely pass on this one! I've had good luck with the Zinwell brand, I have two and they've been working fine for around 9 months now.
No sir I haven't I did get this an it worked for less than a week I wouldn't recommend it to anyone waste of money if you ask me..
You need to put your tv on channel 3. Once you do that turn the tv off, press the button on your remote this will turn on the box, press tv and the button on the top right. I hope this helped, if not write me back - its been awhile.
mine goes up to 65 I can get qvc??
Definitely. I've also gotten one for a friend who has a very old TV and it worked great!!
I purchased
I haven't used mine for such heavy duty work but the filter won't leak. It might plug up fairly quickly requiring you to empty the bin and clean the filter by tapping it on the inside of a garbage bin. A better choice for heavy duty work are the larger sears shop vac.
Yes, that's how mine is mounted in my shop.
I can't answer your question, the vac was purchase as a gift.
18 inches
22-1/2"
John, I purchased this and no it doesn't need to be mounted to use. You can remove from walk and vacuum.
NO
No it does not, this is a very good quality clock.
1-19/32 inches hope that helps
no it doesn't but looks good in the day lite
I have mine mounted in my golf cart, so haven't heard any noises from it. However, when I first got it before it was mounted, I did not hear any sounds from its mechanism.
Like a watch, but it's best to send it back to the manufacturer to change it & check it all out. Doesn't cost much.
Although I have not had to replace my battery yet, here is a link to the Thomas website that may help. There is an 800 phone number that you can call for assistance. http://www.thomassci.com/Equipment/Clocks/_/Stick-It-Mini-Clock?q=*
Yes....It is basically an analog clock that works just like an analog watch
yes
Yes. Not sure for how long. See below: WARRANTY, SERVICE, OR RECALIBRATION For warranty, service, or recalibration, contact: CONTROL COMPANY 4455 Rex Road Friendswood, Texas 77546 USA Ph. 281 482-1714 Fax 281 482-9448 E-mail sales@control3.com www.control3.com Control Company is ISO 9001 Quality-Certified by DNV and ISO 17025 accredited as a Calibration Laboratory by A2LA. Cat. No. 4371 / 4378 Traceable Lollipop Waterproof/ Shockproof Thermometer Instructions
I don't remember had came with certificate.
the clock i bought has a silver frame, black face, with white numerals & dials. the moving arrows for the clock, temperature & humidity dials are red. so far, no complaints. all 3 dials are accurate & very visible, with the clock being the largest & the other 2 smaller.
according to the directions for my thomas 1071 clocks, there is no way for customers to recalibrate their clocks. instead, contact control company at tel: 281.482.1714 or service@control3.com.
it's my understanding that the thomas is an inside/outside clock. one of the reviewers uses it in his garage which, strictly speaking isn't outside; however, amazon does sell other wall clocks which specifically state they are inside/outside clocks.
Hello and thank you for your interest in our product. This specific item ships from our MA warehouse, so if an order is placed today, received on our end as Amazon payment approved, it should ship out the next business day. Please note that ground transit is never guaranteed, and the Expedited shipping/delivery option is a 3 business day transit. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks again Andrea
I do not know the exact height of these however I can tell you they are very much worth the investment and look to be normal height and built well.
Hello Donald and thank you for interest in our product, as of today 10/7/14 it looks as though there is plenty of available stock, over 700, of this specific item. The shipping cost is calculated via the Amazon site, and is a per box calculation, so unfortunately the more units purchased the higher the shipping cost will be. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks again Andrea
Yes
Hello Merry and thank you for your interest in our product. We carry brass posts not gold, and these ropes (post and rope type) range from 6 to 6 1/2 feet only. Also the shortest post (post and rope type) is 34 1/2 inches. I do apologize for any inconvenience and as always do feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks again Andrea
Hello Ricardo and thank you for your interest in our product, unfortunately we are unable to break up sets of this unit. You would need to purchase 2 of these items and get a total of 4 posts and 2 ropes. you can however purchase them separately http://www.amazon.com/Displays2go-Classic-Stanchion-Adapter-Connects/dp/B00GKIMAJU/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1384953899&sr=8-1&keywords=RPSTRNDBR7 http://www.amazon.com/Displays2go-2-Feet-Crowd-Control-Velvet/dp/B008YJCHS2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1384953952&sr=8-1&keywords=RP2MRRBR03 Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks again Andrea
I wouldn't put these out in the rain. They're solid brass and the rope is velvet. The rain would ruin them.
Not sure. I'm from California & got it in 10 days. Sorry I couldn't be of more help
1 & 3/4"
Same industry standard type drum no different.
No
Yes
The epoxy lining on the interior of the drum will burn off during the first use and might smoke and smell bad. After that, it should be just fine. Also, this is a closed head drum, so unless you plan on cutting it open I would recommend an open head drum.
If halved vertically you will have two pieces to make grills out of or hinge them so one is the cover. These steel barrels will last a while.
this is the unlined version
When barrel is full keep the bungs tight - empty, or near empty, the barrel may need occasional venting, although the barrel is perfectly capable of withstanding 10 to 15 PSI pressures. The barrel is perfect for gasoline storage, as long as it is kept out of prolonged exposure to sunlight. Keep it in the shade.
Its very likely that it would. Here's a link to the manufacture's specifications: http://www.skolnik.com/closure_instructions.php To be safe, you should only use the drum for its intended use and follow the manufacturer's instructions, which are also available at that link.
I was wondering the same thing, but after some searching I would say it's NOT food safe. In the description it says that this drum has an "interior epoxy phenolic coating" and it doesn't not mention if this is a food grade barrel. So I would advise NOT to use this product to store water or food. Try ebay for 55 gallon food grade barrels. Here's some sellers that I found who sell them seller: browerville - $89.00 & free shipping user: sunkist1956 - $59.00 & free shipping
It's possible. However a plastic closed head 1H1 drum would be safer, from the perspective of fire safety, and compatibility.
it is very heavy duty and has lid. i think you can order stand with wheels for drums for some company on amazon. i am using as burn can to burn trash at my home.
I'm sure it would work for that. It's a decent thickness of metal.
That's what we use it for with wire top over it. Works good for us
let me see tomorrow because I dont use the drum yet
As shipped the top seal does have a compression rubber ring that appears to be a snug fit, but I do not believe it would be approved as is for storage of gasoline.
I would say so because I had a bon fire in mine and didn't have a scratch to it, it locked tight as well just make sure you put distilled water in with the regular water if its drinking water.
I doubt it
It came assembled.
The Seat is 22 inches by 13.5 inches . It is rated to hold 275 lbs. Please call if you have any additional questions. 763-262-2100 X226
It's 25% lighter, eliminated screw(supposedly an improvement),routing is simpler, and as the previous poster stated it is wider which IMO could be detrimental since on a muscular thigh you need to "cut" in to compress the artery and that is best done with a thinner strap . It may or may not be better but Im not rushing out to buy one. Here is a link with a more thorough explanation as well as additional links. Personally with it being new I'd let someone else field test it while I stuck with what you know works. http://www.itstactical.com/medcom/medical/new-tactical-medical-solutions-sof-tactical-tourniquet-wide/. Just more whiz-bang to rape your wallet.
Yes. As with any medical device practice and training in a non-emergent environment is recommended. This practice should include your non-dominant hand as well.
this was a GEN2 TQ
Yes it can be used as a pressure bandage or full tourniquet
Hello, to answer that I would have to go to all the specs. Basically another port and a brighter light would be work 25$ if you need it. I am using a back-lit system (from another source) - and with my very dedicated function (in a research lab) I would have no use for the other port. The scope I got was a great deal - and seems to be amazing for the price. If you need those other elements I would say go for it.
Yes, the Arm can swing Radially. To prevent it from ever tipping, you can clamp the base to side edge or back edge of your table with some $4.00 C-clamps. However, in my experience It hasn't ever tipped unless I swung it 180 degrees from the way it is pictured.
The plate on the work desk provides a strong stable base to suspend the microscope from. If you can put the suspension rod somewhere else then it works fine. It just has to be a solid place to suspend the microscope from.
Hi Thomas, This scope does not have that feature. There are some that can do that but cost more. This is an excellent scope the images are sharp, the LED light is very bright and the intensity can be adjusted. The work distance between the bench surface and the Light can be adjusted with the auxiliary lens attachment. The only problem I found is the instruction manual it came with is useless, I had to figure how to assemble it by looking at pictures on the internet. Also the two eye piece lenses do not come with the two set screws to hold them in place. they can fall out and break if turned upside down. Other than that it is a good scope.
Generally speaking, switching power supplies can NOT be hooked up in parallel for greater current unless they have some kind of balancing communications bus that is designed for this. What typically happens is one power supply creates a slightly higher voltage and it ends up trying to carry the load of the entire system and then burns out because the other supply was never sensing enough of a voltage drop to change it's period to allow more current. Then you have a new scenario with a single supply that cant carry the load and it burns up. When you put power supplies together that aren't designed to be used together, they often both blow up. Qualifications: I've let out the magic black smoke on more than one occasion. The Internet. I work in a lab full of EEs that tell me it can't be done without some kind of sharing function.
If you can take the pictures of the board with burn part then I will be able to open up my PS and find out the value of your burning part. FYI: You might need to remove existing fan connector and connect it to "always ON" power so the fan can turn ON when the power is ON, by doing this, the PS will be cooler without waiting VERY VERY HOT for the fan to turn ON
These are really cheap power supplies. It took me 3 times ordering them before I actually got one that worked. I wouldn't trust the 40 degree rating even if it had one. If you want something that is properly engineered and all ratings are likely 50% of actual value, you'll need to look in the $100-200 dollar range for single quantities.
Mine is marked 1-9 left to right looking at the power strip connections 1,2,3=V+ 4,5,6=V- 7=Frame, safety ground - bare or green or green-yellow 8=Neutral, White 9=Active, Black (or sometimes Red), this is the switched line if you have a single pole on/off switch (it's shown as "L" or Live in the decal) Supply output (24v) is floating so you can ground (if required) either the V+ or V-
If you operate in a mixed 12V 24V environment, it's fairly trivial to add a 12V or other adjustable voltage regulator for that purpose. http://www.amazon.com/Converter-Regulator-Voltage-Reducer-Step/dp/B00AO0PCMW/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1362772728&sr=8-2&keywords=voltage+regulator+24v+to+12v
Neutral and Line, at least that's how I interpreted it. When hooking up the power cord I went green wire to ground, white wire to N and black wire to L.
Switching.
Yes
not as far as I can tell - only 24 volt
there is a switch to go from 220-240V to 110-120V in the power supply.
One cycle is about 20 seconds. It takes as much water as you can spray from a hose while the drum is rotating. I found that running 3 chickens causes the feathers to bind between the drum and bottom, stopping the drum, and popping the breaker. If I do 2 at a time, with hose full blast, in about 20 seconds I have 2 perfectly plucked chickens. I suppose if you had a fire hose running, you could do more chickens at a time. The limiting factor for me is the amount of water I have to rinse the feathers out.
We put in one turkey that was under 20pounds and the skin was ripped in several places then we trid anotherdid the same even though we took off some larger feathers same outcome. Said the hell with it and plucked by hand. Sure hope we have better luck with chicken.
We haven't much success with our unit. Although we were using the unit for ducks.
I have not found a way. I have considered drilling out the nozzel but my smallest bit is still too large.
No printing on the bottles though there are the raised measurement markers on the side. The bottles are not clear though they are translucent- easy to see the amount of liquid inside the bottle.
They are excellent. I use them for spraying dyes and watered down paints for costumes. They do not clog up. I the sprayer under hot water before I use them.
Yes they leak bad tho
I would think that wd40 will not work in these bottles. They are great for dish soap etc. but they aren't going to be good enough for tough work. I would suggest a metal spray bottle if they still make them. Laurie S.
No
Yes
No it isn't
If by pump you mean the tube inside that brings the fluid from the bottle through the sprayer then yes they should be included. I got my set and all worked as they came I did not need any other pieces etc.
It doesn't say.
Yes, it automatically adjusts, it's a great vacuum.
The motor is rated at 1200 watts, so the vacuum should pull approximately 10 amps.
No the cord is not retractable.
Mine is over 20 years old and it still works great on everything, bear floor and all kinds of rug. We have a variety of rugs in our house and it works well on all.
Wow.. no they are about 500.00 and worth it
Yes it is very good especially with the hand tools.
I bought the micro lined commercial bags part #475831 off of amazon and they work perfect, and are 100% allergen filtration
enviro care technologies
We have not had to replace the sensor so I am no help onthat cost.
Everything required to run this vacuum came with it. It also came with a couple extra bags.
The product is simply chrome plated brass, so as long as it is fresh water, I'd say certainly. I use these on my RO/DI water filtration units with no problems. If on the other hand you were using this for saltwater applications youd want to go with a stainless steel product such as this: http://www.amazon.com/Stainless-Steel-Mini-Ball-Valve/dp/B00H9KEVWC/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1411783840&sr=8-3&keywords=stainless+steel+mini+ball+valve
I have used mine for 50:1 gas oil mix for an outboard motor and no problems yet.
This is an off-on Valve. It can control the flow rate I am sure, but not pressure.
From the "corners"? I just measured mine with my calipers and it gave me 23.3mm. From one flat side to the opposite flat side is 20.3mm.
There is nothing on the valve or the packing to indicate where it was made.
According to Kingston, "Kingston Mini Ball Valves are designed for air, water, or inert gases." Inert gases being those similar to helium, neon, argon, etc. However, I believe the US government places a certain safety requirement on gas valves that Kingston has either not applied for, the government does not recognize this type of valve or something else. Amazon sells gas valves: http://www.amazon.com/Brasscraft-TBV8--Inch-Valve-Rough/dp/B00527E9N0/ref=sr_1_4?s=industrial&ie=UTF8&qid=1376661221&sr=1-4&keywords=gas+valve. Best bet is to contact Kingston ((866) 628-8287 (310) 326-8287) http://www.kingstonvalves.com/85/Products/26/3/parts_details.aspx. They do not appear to sell any valves that involve human safety.
I used Acetone because I happened to have a gallon. Anything similar..but not water...I used it as i was sealing around my shower...it gets very sticky really fast....
Yep!
Try the Eco-Bond CLR 125 Ultra Clear Primer-less Sealant. It's clear and has a waterproof, mold and mildew resistant finish. http://www.amazon.com/Eco-Bond-Ultra-Primer-less-Sealant-ounces/dp/B006UJO704/ref=pd_sim_hi_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=15ZJFEYEP308741VNQ2S
Pretty glossy and just a shade from pure white. The ECO-BOND Heavy Duty has a glossier finish and a brighter white and can be used for any sealing job you have. Great products, hope this helps Doug
Hi, while a wet finger or spoon produces a nice concave bead it actually weakens the joint by stressing the sealant. The best bead is slightly convex and applied with just the tip of the tube in long fluid pulls on the gun. Makes sure the surface is clean, if you want the concave look and aren't a pro with the gun then use blue glass tape to mask off the line apply the bead, wet your finger with a glove on and smooth the bead. The tape will form a nice straight line that should be remove right after you are done smoothing it. Eco-Bond works great, good luck on the project.
Accurate as far as I can tell
30mm diameter, 240 mm tall
Just checked mine...there are no marking less than 10ml
my 100ml cylinder was received in new, unused condition. The inner packaging is heavy corrigated cardboard wuth the upper end fixed in a circular cutout to prevent hitting against the side of the cardboard tube, and the hexagonal bottom surface is fitted firmly within the bottom of the cardboard tube. The inner container is then packed in another heavy corrigated cardboard box, with plastic air-pillows around the ends and perimeter. An elephant would have to step on it before it is broken. Since my graduated cylinder is used to mix food-grade ingredients, I filled a metal pan with boiling water, placed a clean towel in the bottom, and placed the cylinder on its side in a 250-degree F oven for about 30 minutes to be certain it was sterilized.
These graduated cylinders are borosilicate glass (pyrex is too), so technically, the answer is yes. Practically, the answer is NO. There are several safety issues to consider. 1. Proportionally, they have a high center of gravity making them relatively easy to tip over. 2. They have a narrow diameter tube. If a solution boils, the bubbles could force the solution out of the cylinder. Graduated cylinders are designed/used for measuring solutions. It is not safe to heat liquids in them. Beakers and flasks are used for mixing and heating solutions.
On the 10mL the major gradient is in 1mL, the minor are 0.2 mL. On the 50mL the major is 10mL and the minor is 1 mL. On the 100 mL the major is 10 mL and the minor is 1 mL. The markings are clear, easy to read, and of a brown/yellow color.
The 10 ml is 1/2 inch The 50 ml is.7/8 inch. The 100 ml is 1 1/8 inch.
The 10mL is 6" tall, .65" diameter 50mL is 7.8" tall, 1.1" diameter 100mL is 9.65" tall, 1.3" diameter (Diameters are of the outside, and not counting the base.)
YES
They come individually boxed, no certificate
Yes
To deliver
No. I wish they did. That would've made them even better.
I haven't tried, but I don't see why not. The markings wearing off is the only potential problem I can see.
Yes, but just as a reference point. It is not directly aligned with the infrared sensor.
What is your question? Can it be used as a pizza oven?
Yes, I did so with our windows.
Hi umesh - I am with BAFX Products Support. No regular IR thermometer being sold can be "approved" by the FDA unless it is being sold as a thermometer for medical use. If an IR thermometer states that it is FDA approved most likely what they are referring to is that the laser sight in the thermometer has been registered with the FDA (also known as an accession number) as all laser sights must be registered with the FDA and have an accession number in order for them to be able to be sold in the USA. In fact any item that contains a laser anywhere in it (including a DVD player, cd player etc etc) must be registered with the FDA, this does not mean that the FDA has "approved" the item. Our sights are registered with the FDA, yes. However this does not mean that they are FDA approved for medical use. An IR thermometer that you see as advertised as being FDA approved really does not mean much to you as the consumer. Sincerely, BAFX Products Support
Yes, you crack open the door to your oven, point the gun in, aiming away from the heating elements and pull the trigger. In one second it will tell you what the temperature is in your oven. It's great for checking your oven thermostat for accuracy.
Be sure it's set for Farenheit of centigrade. Then hold until you hear the 'beep'.
After receiving this question I tried to check it out. I measured the outside of a thick thermal pane of glass, on my slider. On a 60 f day, I measured 54f on the outside of the pane and 64f on the inside of the pane. I don't know if this unscientific exercise helps you, or not.
It uses a 9 volt Alkaline or NiCd battery.
Hi Stony - I am with BAFX Products Support. How far away you can use the thermometer from the object you are temping is really completely dependent on what object you are temping, how big the object is, ambient temp compared to the object being measured and how accurate you are trying to be. Obviously the closer you can be to the object the more accurate it will be in most cases. What I can say for certain is that unless you are measuring a very large object with a high temperature it likely is not going to give very good readings at 20', not many IR thermometers will. To better assist you in your decision making process it may be helpful to know that the D:S ratio on this thermometer is 12:1. This means that at a distance of 12 inches from the object you are temping the thermometer will be taking a reading from the area of about a 1 inch circle. At 36" you will be reading the area of a 24" circle etc etc etc. The further you move away from the object the less accurate it will become. At the 20' you mentioned you would be temping an area of about 20" or almost 2 feet big, plus in this case you will likely then run into the issue of IR heat from other objects you do not intend to measure interfering with the reading as well. I hope this information helps some. If we can be of further assistance please contact us directly through the Amazon messaging system for a faster response as we are not always able to see responses that are posted in this Q&A area in a timely manner. Sincerely, BAFX Products Support
If only are only intending to measure the superficial temperature, (not the inner temperature of the product) then the answer is "YES". I often use this device to check the temperature of the marmalade process to see if the packaging temperature is adequate.
Yes there is a calibration line, you can't see it in the picture though.
Without Stopper - 11" With Stopper - 12"
Neck: 24 MM outside, 14 MM inside the very widest 100 MM
It might help somewhat, but I think something made from silicone would be a far better solution. Good luck!
Yes it does, you can place it either side up.
I would think they'd be fine for that - they're solid rubber and pretty beefy.
Depends on your idea of easy. The pads are very dense rubber so scissors and tin snips are out. You could cut with a serrated saw blade like a hacksaw. I used these under the feet of a 600lb air compressor an they worked well as a dampener. I was able to drill through them easily but had to keep running the drill bit through to remove the excess rubber.
No smell I have a commercial stainless refridge that I have on them outside. They are very strong and thick. Your receiver will be fine especially if they big fronts
I never banged into a wall with my sweeper but my brush roll quits because it gets clogged with dog hair. I thought it was supposed to be a good sweeper for dog hair but it is not - gets clogged all the time - brushes as well as hose.
Hello, for this vacuum cleaner, you don't need the original filter. The filter is nothing more than a piece of foam and and generic filter cloth. I don't even use the original anymore. I happened to have a couple of piece filter material 12" x 6" at home, I cut it to size to use as replacement filter and it is easier to clean., Remember, the function of the filter is to protect the motor from dirt and the filter has to be relatively porous because of the strong suction. My opinion is only my opinion, not official recommended by manufacturer.
Yes
I make purchases for my Shark at their online store.
Just a one tool that attaches to the hose and has dual purpose. One end is a crevice tool. It can be flipped over and the other end is a bristle/dust tool. The crevice tool has limited reach of about 4-5 inches because the brush end is broad. This tool docks to the vacuum when not in use.
I have no idea mine has always worked beautifully. Maybe it it an electrical issue as was with the first vacuum that I bought and returned.
Did you remove all the screws that remove the wheels also? There are rubber grometts that hold the brush rotator in place and seems that you may have to pry on it gently to seperate the 2 halfs. I have never taken mine apart yey but that seems to me how it would be done . Good Luck let me know how it comes out .
I don't know the exact mechanics of why it's good at picking up pet hair, but it really is. It does have a lot of suction for a small lightweight machine.
Link for the user manual: www.atten.eu/media/catalog/product/pdf/ATF20B_User_Manual.pdf
My bet is the square wave oscillator has a timing poem or a capacitive issue keeping it at that low freq.
Yes. Works fine.
On the item page, the second image comes with notes saying that if you push the "utility" button then push the third button down at the right side of the display twice. The unit will be set to the english mode.
It has allot of variation depending on what wave form you are trying to use, most of which don't go to the max frequency, it has allot of limitations but for the money it has allot of features
The signal generator has a Mod In, but no external input other than that.
Yes, I think it does. Most digital scopes do.
I have not used this option yet, but to my knowledge you can program your own waveforms. For more info you can download the English translation of the operator's manual, available at Amazon
You can use this product to color epoxy that can be used to repair granite chips. However, repairing chips with standard epoxy is not a simple nor a fool-proof process. The epoxy may or may not stick well with a small chipped area, and even if it does, getting the epoxy shaped exactly right is challenging. The epoxy will need to be sufficiently thick (viscous) to hold its shape, and then you must fine tune its shape with a razor blade during a very short and precise period of time when it has begun to cure but not cured too much. So yes, you can color match epoxy using this product, but that's the easy part. Have fun!
We purchased this to go with Tenax Travertine filler to patch some pits in our Travertine floors. The floors are almost marbled looking with lots of different colors. We mix these colors with the Tenax and it works perfectly.
hi tom, polishing a granite top is in itself risky. if the seams are uneven, don't. if the bonding agent is sticking up, that would work. the color will not penetrate a hardened, sealed granite. it has to be gouged out and refilled with the right color compound. sorry, no real good news! mike
i have used this with a lot of different materials and it has been real good in everything. bottom line i don't see why you can't use this. it is a very neutral solution. good luck
This is a material that can be mixed with anything that contains water. Anything acrylic you can mix with water but not solvent. Oil base paint you could mix with solvent, no water. Regards
no color paste
First you start with a colorless epoxy. Then you can add tint (like from this kit) or any "really white" filler you think you can get away with. Depends on how much strength you need. If you just want a coating, go with epoxy paint. I've used expensive marine stuff that is very white.
I use 2 part epoxy. Mix the color in the resin before mixing in the Hardner. Make sure to use equal parts of resin and hardner.
Separate
I have no idea.
I don't see why it can't hold any of the things you've mentioned. The bottles are strong and sturdy, however, keep in mind these are only 2oz bottles.
Six
Mine are like that too. I've seen people are cutting theirs. I left mine as-is but mine is not wrapping around the bottom. Personally I'd rather it be too long than too short.
I read on another review that they held up, but i just got these a few days ago. So far they have worked better than other sprayers, but they are still new. Good luck!
Bottles are about 1 1/2 inches in diameter.
Hey Rita... If the tube from the sprayer is full (ready to spray), you can get one or two sprays in an inverted position.
I don't know. My sprayers never worked in the first place.
It is a great facial miser. I use it everyday as a facial mister.
I made one bottle with 1/4 each of sweet almond oil, rosehip seed oil, sweet orange oil and water. So, being mostly of oil, it did spray a tad heavier than if it were just water-based liquids...but still satisfactory.
The clear plastic cap snaps on and off. The spray portion screws on and off. Hope that helps!
Yes it does. Had to replace the unit on my mom's chair
the way i did it to compare for myself was i look close up at connector .if your connector looks same it will work.
I wouldn't risk it. They sell ones specifically for Lazy Boy on-line.
If the power requirements and connections are identical then yes. But this is NOT rocket science!!
Assuming that the connectors are the same it should work.
Have no idea,if the numbers match you are good.
I don't know.
It worked on my Catnapper. But it didn't resolve my problem. The most common problem with electric recliners is the power button on the chair. They are made with a PCB boards that fail. Start with the button on the chair, then if that doesn't work, replace the transformer.
Input AC 100-240V ,2.0 Amp Output DC 29V , 2 Amp
It is a 3V CR2032 battery (brand that it comes with is "Daily-max"). It comes with 2 batteries, but only used one at a time (comes with a spare).
I ordered one and my rod is 4.4mm and the tip is 5mm thick. This depth indicator isn't the best it shuts off and can be hard to turn but I paid only 20$ for mine and when it is turning on its pretty accurate. The other prob I had with this is the rest is made of plastic so if u have to be super persice this might not be your best bet. I hope this helps you!!
No
It does not but a pencil bix and foam works
Yes, it has the standard mounting ring on the back of the gauge.
The rod measures 0.173" diameter. The knurled tip measured 0.1935" diameter. Hope this helps. WLJ
No
Sorry Guy, I have been sick since I purchased the tool-------------------------
Continuously on, as expected with an electronic thermometer
You have to use a lithium battery. In refer about a year. In freezer about 4 to 6 months.
This is not a data logger. It only tells you the high and low since the last reset. There is a reset button on the back. It is very useful to monitor the high/low in a given area. I use mine to make sure my boat engine compartment engine heater is working in the winter. I can are how cold it got when I was away. If it never reads below 40 then I know the heater is working as it should.
Yes, the change is easy. The included instruction sheet says "Press and hold the RESET button for 3 seconds to change between F and C." The RESET button is clearly marked and easy to press.
reset button on back--both extreme records revert to current temperature. I had to open and clean the swith on one of the three meters I bought--works fine now. Pat.
Immediately
Display is always on. Location of thermometer (in-refrig, outside-refrig) does not control disply ON/OFF state
Mine's been running at -8 degrees for a couple of months now. It seems to be quite accurate.
Sounds like it might be commerical Frig. ALL Frigs have fans, but not high spped. My no-profession opinion is Place It Somewhere It Is Not In Direct air blowing from the fan if you can. Blowing air over something usually has a cooling effect. This unit has very good accuracy specs.
It doesn't have a clip or magnet. It just hangs on the freezer shelf. You would need to secure the thermometer someway to use it on a motorcycle. The only reason to use it that way would be if you wanted to track the high and low temp. Otherwise, you could probably find one more suited to a motor cycle.
yessss
The only way with this camera that you might see them is if they sat there long enough to create a temperature change against the drywall where they were.
I don't think it could with the carpet and padding still there. But if you lift those you should be able to see you hot water line. Is it radiant heat?
Black and gray is body colors. LCD is color.
not in an image, but can be multiple image is possible
The digital readout is only for the area in the cross hairs; however, there is a color scale at the bottom which will give indication of temperatures in other areas of the display.
When I purchased the camera, I believed that it meant that the screen size was 100x100 square which contained 3600 Pixels for thermal imaging and that is a decent viewing screen for a small hand held, of course there are larger size viewing areas by Flir example 150x150 or 200x200 square viewing areas (of course more money): each pixel contains thermal imaging data, that is translated in the software. I chose this size because it was larger than the less expensive with smaller viewing screen 50x50 and 75x75, kind of medium entry. A monitor that is 1024x768, there are 1024 pixels in every row of the grid, and there are 768 rows. I don't think the viewing area has the same criteria for thermal imaging in the hand held cameras. When you take a photo from a regular camera and the same picture from this camera, this camera doesn't have the same resolution. It uses the colors it does have for different criteria. I am still learning and love my camera, I hope that this information I hope this is helpful.
Don't know. First reaction was probably not but I googled it and found something on veterinary thermal imaging. Cool stuff!
I've never needed to use it for anything more than about 40 feet away. I know it will work much further than that because I've seen it on tv but I'm guessing you would lose definition if you're looking at something small.
This just comes in bubble wrap with no part number. I would not recommend if you want genuine.
It fits perfectly in the bezel. I have a 2012 SI Sedan.
Yes it will fit fine on your si. I have installed on my 2012 si and it looks awesome.
Yes it does perfectly
It fits horribly. That is why I returned mine.
I am not so sure since mine is 09 civic. Try contacting the seller. :)
No. 2004 and above
very good quality &#128077; perfect fit no need to think about buy it and change your key to type r style and jdm style
Yes it will fit
Yes, it fits 2011 Civic Coupe.
Yes.
No, it does not work for a 2004 Civic. If you really want a genuine Honda red H key, you can buy a 2002-2005 DC5 Integra Type R key blank part number 35113-S6M-305, get it cut and programmed to your Immobilizer system.
No
No I wouldn't think it would be the type of machine to make use of this machine. It doesn't cut with it's dye, it uses the grommet to do that.
I don't think manufacture sells em. But I think they are universal. I think you can buy better ones. The ones that come with it are not so good.
Did you figure out how to use this machine to install metal snaps? I bought the snaps die but don't know how to attach it to this machine.
It will fit 1/4" wall thickness just fine and maybe 5/16". Because the tubing fitting must screw on the threads, a 3/8" tank wall thickness would be pushing it, but may be possible if you leave the plastic washer off. The valve is working great and reliably maintaining the water level in a RO system that I put together for watering my backyard garden.
The valve is as you see with a threaded inlet. The only way to mount without drilling would be as is done on our coffee machine; this is to make a slotted block of polythene or similar into which you could mount the valve which would then simply sit on the edge of the glass.
I can't say for certain, but I don't recall any restrictions noted on use. My application is in a humidifier. You should ask the supplier if it's a major concern.
No its made for plastic tubing
Let me respond this way, a 1/4 tube fits in the end. It comes with the needed compression rings. Slide the compression rings on the tube, slide tube into valve, tighten the supplied nut. I dont know the outside diameter of the threaded part or insert of the valve itself.
Yes. That is what is required for a hookup to a water source.
I think it is the adjustability of the height of the float in order to vary the water level once mounted.
It works with 1/4" OD plastic tubing.
To my knowledge, there is no temperature rating on this. It is intended for filling aquariums and so I would assume it is meant to handle water from 50 - 100 degrees f.
Yes
The unit I have is 7 1/2 inches long overall. It should fit you tank as about 1 inch of the valve, the threaded part, will, I suspect, be outside the tank.
Yes, it works very well! (I use mine for a chicken coup water tank)
The valve is made of National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) approved PVC (polyvinyl chloride), its replaceable seals are made of TPE (thermoplastic elastomer) for durability and chemical resistance, and its hardware is made of 18-8 stainless steel for corrosion resistance. The 4" long float is made from polyethylene. This float valve material is also used in floats used for filling of livestock water tanks. Best now for you to check the internet for what National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) approved PVC (polyvinyl chloride) means. Also check out he float material - hope this helps - looks like more research for you to do.
If you look at the side picture, it has the tip at the very end. When the float is up and parallel, it's the shut off. Basically it's right at the bottom of the hole. The higher you put the hole the more water. I used it for a gutter garden and it worked great.
The material is ABS plastic and Stainless Steel construction so you should be find.
Nothing indicates it is only for livestock.
harbor freight has a seal kit but it is just as cheap and easy to replace the complete float. Be sure your threads (pool side ) are the same as your float purchase.
The float valve is 1/2 inch male pipe thread so get an adapter that has 1/2 inch female pipe thread on one end and female GHT(garden hose thread) on the other end and you should be set. Amazon has them in brass and nylon.
it's about 1 3/8"
I was able to find a female to female hose connector with a swivel at Lowe's easily. Check the plumbing/garden department...it was straightforward. I think the thread pitch is that of a hose and not of usual NPT threads for PVC. Good luck!
The model sold by Amazon only has a working height of 12' but a rope replacement of 100' part# TTUG02 giving you 25' working. This is a 4 to 1 ratio puller. I hope this helps. I had to get the longer rope for the one I had purchased.
Yes. It works well . The lock is nice as an option and holds strong.
Yes
If you have the main pull rope off at a angle it will be disengaged. That is how it is relesed.
Yes
yes
if you pull it straight it will lock to prevent the load from dropping. If you pull it out at an angle, you can lower the load- We have been using them to raise a lot of heaters to a high ceiling and they work great.
I hang my snow blower and have about 12 inches hook to hook.
The blocks are sold separately. Available blocks include BSH100-02 40 x 0.2 ml or 5 x PCR strips, BSH100-05 24 x 0.5 mL, BSH100-15 15 x 1.5 mL, BSH100-1520 15 x 1.5 or 2.0 mL, BSH100-150 4 x 15 mL, and BSH100-500 2 x 50 mL
That's odd, it should offer overnight. Feel free to call Customer Service at (818) 996-9944 for further assistance.
Yes, however overnight orders must be placed before noon. Any orders placed after noon will be overnighted on the following day.
Threads measure 1.6" with dial calipers; 1 5/8" hole would be nice and snug. Rubber gasket would accommodate a slightly larger hole before I'd be concerned with sealing.
Hose bib, yes. Hose itself, no.
Ben, Sorry,these bulkhead fittigns are not designed for use with fuels of any find. Rick Springer
gasket goes inside against wall of tank, then thread on nut from outside and tighten to engage gasket to seal
absolutely yes.
The most common Hammer Arrestors used with washing machines typically have 3/4" Garden Hose Thread (GHT) fittings which connect from the house water supply valves to the washing machine. This Banjo fitting works with 3/4" National Pipe Thread (NPT) fittings. This would not be compatible and to force it would definitely cause damage to the weaker material. Being that the Banjo fitting is made of composite material and the Hammer arrestor is usually metal, you may not notice the damage occurring as the brass cuts the composite. If you really need to get it on there, one of these adapters should work: http://www.amazon.com/MettleAir-196-E-1-Coupler-Adapter-Connector/dp/B00S84L71G/ref=sr_1_fkmr1_1?s=industrial&ie=UTF8&qid=1426657643&sr=1-1-fkmr1&keywords=3%2F4%22+GHT+female+to+3%2F4%22+NPT+male http://www.amazon.com/Dixon-504-1212-Fitting-Adapter-Female/dp/B007D5KFOG/ref=pd_sim_indust_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=0KKNC9S4HFB37M2G2YZG Dixon 504-1212 Brass Fitting, Adapter, GHT Female Swivel x 3/4" NPTF Male
It has seals, All I did was drill the hole and installed it, no leaks what so ever
Yes
Yes all three pieces are included.
1-1/4" inner diameter
Works awesome Just use correctly
Yes, it screws into the post just like the 2" ball.
I use it on a combination of pavement and dirt/pine needles/grass. You need more muscle in the dirt but the tires are plenty big enough and easy to manuver. I would expect it to work in grass just fine. Be prepared to use more strength though. My boat is 3500 lbs as a reference. 20 ft open bow fiberglass.
I gave it to a friend because the hitch ball was way too high but I can say that the tires were solid rubber and quite wide and the strongest I've ever seen. If you can deal with the extreme height - even at its lowest adjustable setting - buy it 'cause it's otherwise great.
Peggy: Unfortunately I just gave away the dolly but I would guess that the minimum height of from the ground to the top of the ball is 24". A welder could easily cut it down. I don't know why they made them so high as it really impacts negatively of the stability of a trailer when moving it. (Maybe, in China, they have very tall trailers!) It is otherwise a very good, sturdy product - the best I've seen. The tires are solid rubber, I think, so I can't imagine that they would ever go flat no matter what the "tongue weight" of your trailer.
This particular Dolly will not work for this situation as it doesn't drop the ball height near low enough to accommodate a 5" reduction between the wheels and the hitch.... How close to the ground does the hitch have to be to accomplish your 5" requirement??? Rest the hitch on a furniture dolly with plywood, etc....
Yes the hubs are steel and secured to the axel with a washer and cotter pin
I have a 21' boat with a 5 liter V-8 which weighs about 5,000 lbs, and I use this dolly to maneuver it into it's spot on the carport. My surface is concrete, not asphalt. With that in mind, I have no problem getting the boat into place. You don't have to worry about tongue weight with that caster wheel unless you are going to try to roll over grass or dirt. The only real difficulty occurs when I have to turn the boat because the trailer has dual axles and the wheels like to go only in a straight line.
Yes, but if you ordering think twice. Mine is boxed awaiting shipment back to the company (at my own cost). I have owned the machine only 3 months.
This is a fully automatic unit, there is no use for such gauges, it is an FDA listed device, follow the operating instructions and everything sterile, indicator strips on your bags will confirm this when done.
Yes, standard 120v outlet
Both wrapped and unwrapped instruments, it has a drying cycle.
Internal chamber dimensions are 9inch diameter 10.5 inches long
The worst system ever! I have bought this product in hope that it lasts for long time and I will be able to refill it with other (or the same) product later. Right now I hope that the detergent finally runs out and I could waste the package with my pleasure. Plastic pipe leaks permanently if it is turned just couple millimeters away form the "right" position, which you can determinate only experimentally.
LOL! I'm glad I'm not the only one. I had the same issue....I had someone cut a hole and then screw the top in...it was a pain...
Yes.
Yes. The tool installs the screw perpendicular to the board, which will screw into joist. Just find the right position to maximize screw contact. (likely near the edge of the joist). Awesome tool!
We offer priority or express shipping, but there is also a processing time before the item is ready to ship.
You generally receive orders within 7 - 10 business days.
The pen is 4.5".
Yes
Regular lancets and micro lancets will fit this device. They are widely available.
Yes. Pharmacist Choice Pull Top 28g Lancets will fit and they are sold on Amazon. The lancets with the cap that can be put back on after use are the best because they help avoid accidental sticks. But the 25 or 28 gauge is huge! Try something smaller. If this is for blood-testing on a human, you won't be disappointed with the BD 33 gauge. If it is for something other than human blood tests, I can't help you too much.
not familiar with tiny boy
You step on a button on the top of the mop which folds the head in half. Then you put it into the bucket and then from the bucket into the wringer on top of the bucket and push it down. Last, you push the head flat onto the floor and it snaps into place. The head is thin so it goes under the lip of appliances and such. And the head swivels 360 making it very helpful.You have to have both the mop and the bucket inorder to use this properly.
It is about 12" long and about 5" wide. It is definitely longer than swiffer products. We love ours. Old one broke and we had to order new one online due to unavailability in stores.
I sweep to get up any loose dirt or dog hairs and then use the mop. This is the best and fastest way to get clean floors without hand scrubbing. this mop geets under and around everything. I just bought another one in case something should happen to the first!
No partition,because the cleaner I use, there is usually no need to rinse
no, the bucket is stable. the "problem" i have with the system is the mop isn't "hands free." it doesn't "respond" using the foot pedal to collapse it (i have to use my hand to press it) and neither does it fit neatly in the wringer (again, have to close it with my hand so it fits).
I've only had mine for a few months, but I use it daily. I have two puppies and lots of accidents. So far, so good. I like it better than the spin mop. I had one of those and the spinner broke in a short amount of time.
mop head is machine washable per Vileda website
They must have changed the design .. The model I have, the handle comes in three pieces that fit into each other. I've had other products that have telescoping handles, and they tightened or loosened by twisting them. Hope this might help.
Sorry, I don't know. I can't answer this question. My delivery was not complete, i don't received the telescoping handle.
I don't see why not,,,, bleach would likely tend to weaken the fabric faster over time than if you didn't use it, but that's true of any fabric in contact with bleach. This system is just so handy and you wouldn't have your hands in the bleach water, which is a real plus!
probly no more than 10
I don't believe it's designed to work with water as it is not watertight between the plastic inlets and the valve body. The one I replaced had rusted due to water infiltration.
Hello - we have plenty of these and shipping for twelve pieces would be $8.95.
Hello - this solenoid is a coffeemaker takeout but is not specifically marked as food grade.
Yes, it is made for continuous duty. They do get slightly warm after being powered for long periods of time but just to the touch.
Yes
I used it with high viscosity oil. Not sure if there would be a spark concern.
This valve was bought to replace a defective one in a Keurig coffee maker. Based on the way the Kuerig works, I would assume this valve is NC (held close by a spring) and is open electromagnetically. I am not sure how strong the electromagnetic is to open against a hard/strong vacuum. I would say the spring functions like a vacuum to keep it close. How hard/strong a vacuum it will open against, I do not know. My recommendation would be to contact the supplier. Note, if you have enough current (amps) in your power supply you would be able to make the solenoid open against a stronger vacuum. The strength of the magnet is a function of the current(amps) Good luck.
I doubt it very much has very low spring pressure closed
No
OD. .513 or a little over 1/2 and inch.
ID...inside diameter?
We bought cork stoppers that seemed to fit, but they were very hard to push into the tubes and sometimes broke the tube. I'd try rubber stoppers next time.
Any lab supply place should have them. I use Lake Charles MFG. Web:http://www.lcmlab.com
The green pad will strip the finish off your hardwood floor. It is very coarse and I used it to scrub my concrete floor in the basement after a flood. The least abrasive pad available on Amazon is the white one, but even that may be too rough. There is also a terrycloth "bonnet" that is used for polishing floors. I would try that with a non-abrasive solvent to avoid damaging the finish. Can you find out from the builder what the stuff is on the floor and Google how to remove it safely? Best of luck!
The black coarse ones with hardwood cleaner in a spray bottle. We mopped with a damp mop immediately after scrubbing and applied polyurethane finish the next day. For cleaning floors use a buffing soft pad with appropriate cleaners/polishes.
Lambs wool or a bonnet is what I use and works really well.
sorry I used those pads on concrete a epoxy floors. they work great. on vinyl I would suggest some less aggressive one
The nylon pads work great like they do on hardwood floors.
Don't know call Oreck. I only use it on hard tile. Google it.
I find that this pad have a really rough surface and it's only good for tiles or marbles but not for laminated floor,
I don't think I would. Laminate floors don't seem all that solid to me. I mean, they're made out of what? Compressed paper? I use this machine on a painted cement floor and it works well for that.
It is a cleaning pad.
They are about 3/4". I am very pleased with the performance not only of the pads but the machine too. I use it on my tile floor kitchen approx size of kitchen is 27' irregular shape
Hello, i have bought 3 of these for my friend (one of them was broken). I think they were made in China, but i dont have them on hand right now, so i cannot confirm that information 100%. Pavel
3/32 is the shank size.
I use it to trim dental appliances made of acrylic. If you use the right drill, I don't see why not. The motor is quiet and powerful. I only use it in mid range rpm. Hope this helps.
Not sure what your asking? It has been a great peice of machinery.,
Hi, Sorry. Only what's listed Oxxxo
Hi, 10 x 10 x 5 1/2" High Oxxxo
10 x 10 x 5 1/2"
10 x 10 x 5 1/2
10 x 10 x 5 1/2
10 x 10 x 5 1/2
Non-contact sensing provides an indication of the presence of voltage, typically around an electrical outlet. My experience with NCV testing, however, is that it rarely provides a reading unless current is flowing (i.e., something is plugged in and operating), in which case you know there's power anyway without the tester. In your specific example, if there's a break in the "invisible fence" wiring, there's probably no current flowing, and you'd be lucky to get a clue. Since the tester must be very close to the wiring, and yours is buried, that's a second strike. It may work, but I wouldn't bet on it. There are cheap standalone NCV testers that you may want to try before buying a more costly multimeter that happens to include the feature.
Yes, it comes with a standard set of red and black test leads.
This meter can check capacitance. As always when checking a capacitor that has been in service, do the following before using the meter: remove the power source, discharge the device by shunting the connections together (you may use the meter's lead to do this) and remove one or both connections to the motor. Then, set the meter dial to check capacitance and connect the meter leads.
Resolution and accuracy are two different things as you probably know. I recommend you go to the Amprobe website here to see for yourself the resolution and accuracy of the 510: http://www.amprobe.com/amprobe/usen/multimeters/am-500-digital-multimeter-series/am-510.htm?PID=74033
they are what I call test lead wire. I was very satisfied.
You will not blow a fuse if the leads are backwards when you measure voltage. The measurement will just be a negative reading rather than a positive one. To measure amperage with this type of meter, you have to break the circuit and put the leads inline with the circuit. It's not the safest thing to do and I would recommend you purchase a clamp type amperage meter for these types of measurements. With those, all you need to do is clamp around the wire and it gives you a reading. In terms of blowing a fuse if you take an inline amp measurement with the leads backwards, I would have to say no, unless you exceed the meters internal fuse.
Measures AC/DC Voltage up to 1000V, AC/DC current, resistance, frequency, capacitance, temperature, and duty cycle
Yes
it is a continuous tone
Yes
There are numbers printed on the sides.
They aren't glass, but are pretty transparent for flexible plastic.
All measurements are approximate. 1000ml= 3 1/4" 500ml= 2 5/8" 250ml= 2 1/8". 100ml= 1 1/2" 50ml= 1 1/8" 25ml= 3/4" 10ml= 5/8"
I would think so. Handles acidic solvents fine for me.
Yes there are numbers
No idea. Using mine for motor oil.
their height varies based on their volume. They range from less than a foot to a couple of feet.
Yes, I would recommend you that. Sheet 13500 lines/inch reflects in 8 directions, so it's really good for firework glasses.
Double axis means it's a grid of horizontal and vertical lines, instead of just stripes in one direction.
We can cut it however you wish, but it is all only 6 inches wide.
Hi Mikhail, We can ship it immediately. Shipping costs $1.10 for one sheet. Best Regards Dafna (Shy's assistant)
I have some on my windows at home. You could try double sided tape but i don't think it'll look good. I would put it in a picture frame so it looks deliberate. Make sure it is tight so you get a better rainbow.
the film is a polyester substrate with an embossed holographic pattern. the diffraction pattern is not actually cut...it is embossed!
No but it is very thin probably melts rather easily
I held it over a camera lens. It makes neat patterns around light. I used it on a campfire, streetlight, fireworks, etc. The paper is not completely translucent so the pictures aren't going to be very clear though.
This is a very thin plastic sheet.
It was fabulous!
5/8" x 5/16" (15mm by 7.5mm) and extremely thin.
They are real.
This is s 100% silver.
Its "really" real silver. Just keep in mind 5 grams is only .17 ounce.
You have to look for the number on the inside of your old belt. Then go online and look at all the belts with that number or that can be used for that number. Originally I ordered the wrong belt, then was told how to order. Good luck!
This is NOT the correct belt for the Powermate Jr. Search Kenmore 8192011 on Amazon's website. That looks like the correct one.
Not sure the answer but check to see if there is a decal on your kenmore vacuum which should have details about part numbers such as filter, belt etc.
Sorry, we do not know much about the exact models. Kenmores can be very difficult. We recommend contacting sears for accuarate info. Thanks
No, I don't believe that the belt I bought for my Kenmore will fit yours. An Amazon search has no belts for you Kenmore model #. Maybe check the Sears website and search for it their.
I'm not sure if you are asking a question or making a statement, but I've been asked to respond. All I know is this replacement belt works for my Kenmore model #116.34613304
I called an appliance shop, and they were very helpful sorting through different brand names on the same exact machine. The bearings in my roller were dried out, and it took several belts (and some choice cuss words) before I got my vacuum running like new again. This salesman was a great resource, with great prices:
attaches motor to brush. I would say your measurements are the same as these. If you vacuum is eating belts I would suggest a new brush. The bearings go bad over time.
I took the part number directly off of the label on the back of my vacuum cleaner. You may want to look on your vacuum as well. The numbers for parts like bags, belts, bulbs, etc is usually on that label on Kenmore vacuums. The part number for the belt is 20-5275 Hope this helps you!
only use on occasion it is not meant for monthly use. 1-2lbs will kill roots. Then add bacteria to toilet. if you can add copper directly to drain field its best if not mix with water then flush. small roots will die quickly larger will decompose over the next few months
Formula is Length x Width x dept x 7.48 = gallons The amount of copper sulfate should never go above 2.0 parts per million(ppm) I use a 2 gallon Hudson sprayer and mix 6 ounces(granulated) per gallon for my smaller rather odd shaped rather shallow 1/4 acre farm pond. This has proved to help eliminate most of the green slime type of algae I have a problem every season. I generally give it a second booster treatment mid-season without any danger to the stocked fish I have in the pond. When mixing the product I use a five gallon plastic bucket(product is very corrosive)and always made sure to strain the mixed product when adding it to your sprayer, I use an old piece of a discarded t-shirt, works perfect. Unstrained it will clog your sprayer tip. The spray should not be a real fine spray but adjusted to more of a splatter type setting.
No, it does not. It would not be a substitute for a drain cleaning product.
CuSO4 is not going to clean out an existing blockage in your sewer line. According to my research it only inhibits growth of roots in the sewer line. I use it as a preventive measure.
Go to nearest hardware store and copy instructions from "ROOT KILL" product. 2nd option is 2-6lbs twice a year, putting 1/2 lb in toilet and flushing, do this over a several weeks time for tough root problems. Get yourself some plastic containers that can hold a 2lb capacity and keep them on hand, I usually buy 25lbs.. The first time you start doing this treatment go for 4 lbs and see if it works and adjust up or down accordingly. I like the adage " a little over a long time" once it kicks in you do it every year (twice during the first year). Good luck !!
I've used this to kill and remove stumps from my yard. It sort of makes them disintegrate. It also kills plant root systems. I'd assume it would damage a living tree if applied to it. Of course, I'm no expert.
This is a bit more purified as it is meant for swimming pools. It is still effective. But the best root killer is plain old rock salt. May damage the trees that have the roots in the pipes though.
Yes
I think you will be better served by limiting this product to your septic and use another product for cast iron plumbing.
Don't think so, just kills algae
I believe I used the Oxalic Acid to remove the coloring from a handbag so that I could color it a different color. I tried to remove the color from a black handbag and it didn't do anything. I imagine it probably would work better on stains and such. But it didn't do the job that I wanted to the handbag. I believe it might have removed any oils from the handbag, but no color. Sorry I couldn't help.
Idk, I used it to flush the rust out of my radiator. I've had good results with glass scrub http://www.amazon.com/Glass-Science-Scrub-Cream-Cleanser/dp/B008O6VMDG just keep the windshield wet and it works great!
yes it can, but be cautious. I would reccomend to clean a test spot in an out of sight area. This is a strong acid and may cause dis-coloring.
only works on 1960 or newer coconuts
Yes. As for water stains on glass don't know.
Plastic bag in USPS box. You will probably use the whole thing to wash a driveway or deck.
I don't know have never used it on fiberglass. works very well on wood and leather.
Don't know but it might be worth a try to experiment
A few table spoons.....it does not take much. 2lbs should last a very long time. Rinse the wood 5 or 6 times before sanding and wear a face mask if you do.
Yes
I'm using it to remove black spots from an oak table. Spots made by water. Haven't used it yet so I don't know how much it smells/toxicity
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTHiqtdZMMI
I do not know. You can be the one to test the idea. If your V U meter (probes contacting the power input) reads a current as you spin the prop reverse of its normal direction, then yes. If it breaks then no.
As far as I know they are interchangeable, however 1.0 has brass gear while 2.0 has synthetic (plastic sort of). This makes a difference in a life span of the big gear, with the plastic motor gear that big gear last longer. Hope it helps.
They are all the same mother board controls and the propellers are left and right one fits all
Did you check The shafts? Maybe the problem is some shaft is a little bent, not the motor.
your question is a bit cryptic. "Added" as in you have a Drone but now added a camera? Short of re-installing the latest version of Flight Controller software, or trying a different version from Parrot, I'd download the Drone 2.0 user quick start guide for some trouble shooting tips. If you are having a tough time getting the hang of the controller functions, "ARDrone Sim" is on iPhone or Android and is software that allows you to practice flying on your screen or computer, without actually engaging the Drone in the wild blue yonder until you are ready. Good Luck!
I use a Apple iPad or my apple I phone Sorry I can't help you call parrot
just do a search, I got about 4 hits, here is a site i use and amazon. http://www.parrotshopping.com/us/p_parrot_listing.aspx?f=3378
Maybe you had some moisture on the motors connections or else. You should check on your app settings, all the motors must show OK. if one of them is failed, you should replace it.
I think you might have to buy the motor before you do check eBay sometimes I think they may sell the gears I am not sure.
We have been using these at our school age daycare center for 7 years and have never had a problem.
10"
I'm not sure, I've been using them since June 2014 and they aren't even slowing down yet. I haven't needed to put batteries in since I installed it.
Try a little ingenuity and adapt a PVC cap, depending on diameter of your roll, with a pre drilled hole on both ends -- no guarantee -- but it might work for you.
It does not include a roll of paper. You need to purchase that separately.
motion sensor trigger by hand in front.
Yes. It is battery operated
No manufacturers warranty
It takes four D batteries and you have to buy Georgia Pacific hand towels to fit in it. Or make a custom fit
4 "D" size batteries. They should come packaged with the dispenser.
My 1yr old female lab who weighs around 68lbs uses the tub for play and could still use the water's buoyancy to strengthen her hips when she "maneuvers" around the tub.
It is 53" long, 31" wide and 24" deep. That is to the outside of the lip, maximum dimension. The rolled lip is 2" wide, so the internal dimensions are that much smaller at the top and of course it tapers inward to the bottom.
I have used Flex seal (seen of TV product) and it works well BUT I would not move it around AFTER you apply it as it could reopen but it is still holding on mine going on 6 months now. Just learned not to move it once the FLEX SEAL was applied. :)
Yes it is totally watertight I currently have one indoors and I've had it filled almost up to the brim using it as a secondary tank.
Yes
You will need an adapter.... If I recall correctly, its a 1 1/4" thread. You should buy a 1 1/4" to 3/4" adapter then thread in a brass hose adapter. very sturdy tub!
Yes, you can kinda see it in their picture.
nope its not listed in the description and I know mine didnt come with it. Not sure why you would want a lid
Hi, Yes, the arms can be removed if they are not needed. Thank you, Ray SMS
I don't really know the difference. You may ask Incacare directly.
Ellen, no way can they just drop this off at curbside. I was in the hospital at the time, however, just the mattress alone is very large and need man's strength. Yes, there are boxes and the electrical component that needs help. It took my son and Granddaughter a day or night to put together. This is not a do it yourself project, however, it is the best thing I have ever purchased for myself. I love it. Good Luck and hope you have some help. Adell
usually it's curbside side delivery
Sure please call our store at 570-288-3607 to customize. Thanks
Yes...the remote comes with the bed...it controls the head, the feet (up & down), as well as lowering or lifting up the entire mattress...makes it very easy to change adult diapers w/o having to use a hand crank. We've had our unit approx 2 weeks now and I am HAPPY, HAPPY HAPPY with this bed this far!!!
Bed Height: 15" min. - 23" max. (Measurement from floor to bed deck.) Dimensions: Overall: 36"W x 88"L Sleep Surface: 36"W x 80"L Product Weight Capacity: 350 lbs. patient weight 450 lbs. inclusive of all accessories Warranty: All Welds: 5 years Mechanical/electrical: 2 years
Hi, The sleep surface on this bed is - 80" Long Please see below for full product Specs: Dimensions: Overall: 36"W x 88"L Sleep Surface: 36"W x 80"L Product Weight Capacity: 350 lbs. patient weight 450 lbs. inclusive of all accessories Warranty: All Welds: 5 years Mechanical/electrical: 2 years Feel free to reach out with any other questions. Thank you, Ray
Hi Maria ,In The box was :The Mint robot ,the north star cube ,the electric charger cord and two cleaning cloth . Thats it. Hope this helps. Charlotte
Yes, variable voltage input from 110v to 240v.
No, not this one. It has to be manually plugged in and takes about 10 hours to recharge.
Yes it does but you can also use the despicable swifter cloths.
This product does not work well in any area other than a small closet. The battery runs down fast. It does not pickup cat or dog hair like I was led to believe. You have to keep going over and over the same area to get some debris removed and this is on a tiled floor. Carpet takes longer. I would not recommend this product. Not worth the price. G. Crocco
5/8
i install on trailer with no cover sofar no problem
It comes with a 50 foot cable and fully wound up that's about all u could fit on there
This unit came with a plug in remote, not what I'd call a wired remote similar to what an ATV would have mounted to the handlebars or somewhere else on the machine.
Do not buy used onley 4 times and motor fried! !!!!!
What is the warranty on this product?
Yes you can - each one needs wired - but you have to reverse polarity from left to right sides - these wheels are great - grabs well - holds a good amount of weight too.
There is very little information provided about the motors. They are not stepper motors, they are 2 wire motors. They are rated at 3-6V DC. You must also solder the wires (provided) on.
Depending on witch way you wire it, the platform can have a significant amount of force behind it. On the down side the default wheels are not the best for grip, so they tend to slide on certain surfaces. I suggest adding a new pair of treads to the wheels if you need it to operate on sand. If you have any more questions please ask them.
This takes AA batteries that you have to provide.
Yes you need a motor shield.
It goes right and left. You set it up with the four motors and program the board to turn by reversing the tires on opposite side.
7 by 6 inches
These boards are small enough that bridging the pads with solder works pretty well if you put the components close together. For things with leads, leds, resistors, etc. using part of the lead as a trace works really well. This page has some good examples of both methods: http://itp.nyu.edu/physcomp/Tutorials/SolderingAPerfBoard
they are through hole plated and are a very good product.
Yes! You can cut these boards. My personal method is to use a sharp knife or small hacksaw to cut groove into the board, and then turn it over and cut another groove on the back side along the same line. Then you can position the board so that your cut lines up with the edge of a table, and push down on the portion of the board that is hanging off the table to "snap" it off. It's sort of like the way sheet glass is cut by scoring and snapping. Does this make sense?
This little board is only for hobbies, so you need to build or adapt anything that fit like any PC card.
Standard "tru-hole" parts, such as a 555 integrated circuit or 1/4 watt resistor fit nicely. I took my electric guitar and used some of the strings to test hole size, and a 0.030 diameter string will go thru a circuit board hole. but 0.040 will not.
I don't see why not the rope is plenty strong
USA
It's 8, 000 no more.my rope work very well.
It is indeed an eye for a bolt retainer.
I have it on my Warn 9.5 cti which is the high profile version of the 9.5xp. Should fit fine.
Not sure, probably not.
No expert by any means, but I think acceptable/expected TDS levels for RO water are from 0-25 ish. I've read even new RO systems will leave a few ppm in the water. To be sure, you could get the test solution and calibrate. I think my meter was off a bit out of the box... I hope this helps.
I got 1000, but want 2000 instead.....1000 good though.
Both the HM Digital TDS-3 and the AP-1 will test for total dissolved solids in your water. The primary difference between the two models is that the TDS-3 is calibrated manually while the AP-1 has digital calibration. The AP-1 displays the TDS Reading and temperature reading at the same time.
I don't think so. According to Bunn, you'd need a meter that was able to detect up to at least 1.5% soluble concentration, but this meter only goes up to 0.5% (i.e., 5000/1000000).
No, it doesn't. Wet storage only applies to their PH and ORP meters.
No chlorine. TDS only
There is a hold button that freeze the reading for you. There is no backlit and font size is similar to a digital watch.
both
No.... But it moves and maneuvers pretty easy best vacuum I've ever owed hopefully last
No it has about a 20ft cord. It's an awesome vacuum!! I wouldn't change it for anything.
Very well, in my opinion. We have hardwood and it works great.
The Hepa filter is in the front of the vac, as you can see from the picture, and I think you can rinse it out. There are two more sponge/cloth filters that rest in the vacuum outside and under the canister that can also be rinsed out. There is also a filter inside the canister that can not be removed, however the canister itself removes easily and rinses easily.
http://www.amazon.com/Shark-XFF350-Navigator-Lift-Away-Models/dp/B008XAIP9W/ref=pd_vtp_hg_6
It has only two settings. Carpet and bare floors. This vac works better than any we have ever owned. 5 stars.
Yes it has a long wand for getting under and into tight spots. It has a small knife and a small broom/duster. It also has a furniture attachment that is like a small vacuum in itself has a rotating brush and all.
I've only had mine for a couple of months, but so far it yas not needed cleaning. (In a home with two cats).
Yes you can. One end of the hose ( right side ) will unhook. There is a little sliding knob that should be closed. It can effect suction.
Call the manufacturer, they have all the parts
Yes it is available in 220 volt. I will quote you a price. Thank you
We have hose cuffs. It is a standard 1.5" vacuum hose cuff. I will get you a part number and pricing. Thank you
Yes you can and it would be 150 cheaper
yes wands and hose come with it.
Yes it does.
The wand has to be purchased separately.
205 inches of waterlift
carpet wand
That is what it is designed to do ! The wires need to be connected to an on/off switch . In a yacht this switch is placed convenient to the stove and the stove cannot be lit until the switch is activated . As an extra precaution the switch will usually have a light that comes on when the switch is activated . This way you do not have to access the propane supply valve as the solenoid controls the flow of the LP gas and no propane can flow without the solenoid activated . It is a very necessary safety option at a reasonable price . Captain Dave Nicoll
no, the coil probably burned out. It is not designed to be on continually. I use mine for an air horn and it works fine for that but if you are wanting something that stays energized for a long time it would be better to use a higher voltage and less amps
I really don't see any reason why it would not work mine stays in the open position for 6 to 8 hours at a time and it works great
Yes
NPT - amps - I don't know, but not much, wires about 10"
Yes I put it on a lawn mower works good
About two second or less. Soon as it was activated, here'd a click from valve and diesel fuel was flowing through a clear see through filter
Yes, It will hold up. I use it on an auxillary diesel fuel tank and it will operate all day.
Unknown. if the windings are sealed it may work fine in 'clean' water (as opposed to saltwater). you would just have to give it a try.
I do have a couple of them in use currently.... We have had no problem as of yet.....
Preferably not, not sure of the material it's made of. I suggest you do some research on the plastic it's made of especially the SKM plunger
No Power it is closed
I think yes, but this is not gravity fed vlalve. That means that there will be some chlorine left at the bottom of you 5 gallon chlorine tank.
No
You do not use air to operate this valve. It is operated by a DC power source. It works very well with a differential pressure across it.
2 & 3/8 inches...great valve for the air horns on my dualie...was a pleasure to deal with SERVICE@JOYFAY.COM who supplied it for AMAZON...TTFN
This thing is made of nylon. It's heavy duty but NOT to be used with gasoline. Use stainless steel with viton gasket. I think u.s. solid has them.
npt
Junk don't buy it made of plastic
we store it in the refrigerator
Butter, real butter...ALL Real butter is gluten free
From the Kerrygold website: The vast majority of an Irish cow's diet is from rich, natural grass which grows abundantly in Ireland. Irish dairy cows graze outdoors on grass all day long for up to 312 days a year. In fact, Irish cows graze outdoors on grass for longer than almost every country in the world. Like so much of what we do, our feeding pattern follows the cycle of nature. During the winter, when grasses stop growing, Irish cows are fed dried grass (known as silage). This grass is grown throughout the year, cut fresh and stored to be used when the winter comes. Cows in Ireland calve in the spring and are therefore outdoors, grazing on green grass when they are producing milk. After calving, cows are provided with supplementary feed to help restore protein and nurture them through this period. The majority of our cows' supplementary feed is locally grown crops such as wheat and barley. As a small island, Ireland does not have enough land available to grow certain crops locally; therefore a number of crops are imported. These imported crops comply fully with strict European and Irish legislative requirements on labeling and traceability. Because our cows live outdoors for most of the year, they are free to roam and graze which is a cow's natural behavior. Although this sounds like common sense, in many milk producing countries cows will spend much of their lives indoors. As a result they do not get to eat the same amount of fresh grass. Our cows produce approximately 5,000 liters per annum. In many countries, cows are intensively farmed and milked. An Irish cow's milk `production' is deliberately much lower than in other countries as the Irish dairy system is less intensive than countries wherein dairy cows are kept indoors, fed grain exclusively and are intensively milked. While this may be less profitable, we believe that it leads to happier cows and better products. We find that what keeps our cows happy also leads to happy customers.
I did some searching around and this is the closest thing I could find to an answer ... so ... mostly? https://www.bulletproofexec.com/help-kerrygold-grass-fed-butter-be-more-bulletproof/
This butter is definitely more tasty than ghee! This is the best butter in the world!
I freeze mine. At 6months I'm still using it and the taste is still amazing. Hasn't gone rancid yet, I expect it to last another 4-6 months before I need to reorder.
No, it's pasteurized, per US law. If you're looking for raw the laws vary from state to state, and in some you may find raw butter. I mostly use my butter for cooking, so whether it was raw or not would make no difference for me. In the end it's the fact that this butter is cultured that gives it its wonderful flavor. I've made my own raw butter before, separating the cream from raw Jersey cow milk, culturing it, then churning it. It was delicious, but never as good as Kerry Gold.
Per the 'Bulletproof' blog, " I do not have any financial relationship with Kerrygold, even though earlier this year Bulletproof coffee helped to sell out Kerrygold across much of the US, and they sponsored the Bulletproof Conference."
Well it comes from cows that are grass fed, no pesticides or hormones are injected so in that sense iit is "organic". You can buy it either salted or salt free.
It's salted and it is so good. It really makes everything taste good.
Picture quality is good. We got this microscope for out son who has to wear glasses so having it on the laptop is great. It does take a little getting used to when you are adjusting the image quality. My only complaint on this microscope is no fine tune adjustment. Hope this helps
You need a slide preparation kit. Also, I believe it does not come with a case. I purchased this for my daughter-in-law and she loved it both for her own interest and for working with our five-year-old grandson.
Yes
This equipment was defective. It could not even focus enough to see organisms in a collected lake water.
This is a very well built microscope, easy to use, simple to load onto a computer, very good optics for the price. I have found nothing to dislike about this combo. Whether it will do what you want for that specific application, I say you need to try it. I would GUESS that you would be satisfied.
i think not. minimum eye piece is 10X and minimum scope is 4X, so I think that means 40X, min. (I think!)
It connects with my mac just fine, not sure about any other platform.
I would think so. We hook ours to our desktop using the usb cable provided. It works great!
I think so
the microscope two magnified eye pieces, the digital camera connection, a plastic cover for the microscope and the software needed to connect the microscope to your computer.
You place the shelving where you want them, with a snap on piece. You could space them any way you want. You do not even need all the shelves, if you wanted a lot of spacing
I use it for storage in my office but it seems very sturdy. I would think a few hundred pounds aleast.
This is from the product description. It measures 31 x 31 x 11 inches (H x W x D).
No, it's not stackable.
If you are talking about the small flat circles, they are the caps for the top and bottom of the legs.
I returned this item because it was not sturdy.
The height is not adjustable. Sorry, I don't remember what the max weight rating is.
The short sides are 81/2in between the bars and 101/2in small end to end. The long side is 291/2in between the bars and 315/8in from end to end. On the inside, the hight on each shelf is about 81/2in. Hope this was helpful.
There is no actual lip around the edge of the shelves. Only the very small difference between the thickness of the solid metal frame material of the edge of the shelf and the metal mesh material of the main part of the shelves...perhaps 1/32 of an inch.
it doesn't say seville classic anywhere on the item, nor do I recall it on the packaging. I will say that the materials and casters are well made and sturdy and the rack is holding up great.
This is a high quality product and is easily put together. We have several and ran out of room for more. Highly recommend. JT
Yes the set I bought did
not sure- it is not metro quality, but good enough (heavy enough guage) to handle heavy loads and roll well
Yes, either from the manufacturer, or Graingers.
No I am not a supplier of equipment only a consumer.
Terri, these shelves easily hold over 200 lbs dispersed across them - the limiting factor for weight is wheels breaking up due to total unit loading.
These shelves are very sturdy and well built. I have them in my pantry using all 5 shelves spaced from top to bottom and supporting a very heavy load of goods. If you only had 3 shelves and you spaced them one on very top, one toward the middle and one about a foot and a half from the bottom, I believe it would still be sturdy and not twist. Of course, the more shelves the better. I hope this helps.
77 inches. I did not use the wheels and mine is 72.5 inches without them,
Flat black end
no, but you can put batteries in them.
No. But if you buy glow stickers or glow paint they will :)
"free shipping" means free shipping(no charge for shipping), even from China
Can you clarify. Are you asking if there is a case (to hold these cases) that anyone knows about? If so, I haven't looked into it. I just store these in my file drawer. My main purpose is to keep the sets of matching batteries together and also to have them stored so that they don't contact each other while being stored. But each of the 9 cases links together to form one big "chain" case if that's useful.
I Don't know for sure , but the AA's are a snug fit. Hope this helps..
Interesting. I got two small ear bud covers. I figured someone who did the packing was playing a joke. I tossed them.
Lacquer thinner or Goo Gone removes the adhesive just fine.
In a pinch, I'd have to say no. If you are hanging sneakers, or trainers; maybe; if dress shoes, several pairs probably (almost definitely) not. Tachyon Camera ODS accessories has a 3M tape that will, I believe, do the job exceptionally well. It has strong teething and adhesive. The downside is you have to wait three days for the adhesive to set -- and I am not sure about painted drywall -- you should use a wood surface.
The side with the adhesive glue is black; the adhesive itself is clear.
Yes
That's exactly what I bought it for, I love it! It honestly depends how often your going to move pedals around as getting the pedals separated from the board isn't the hard part but getting the dual lock and the adhesive off the board is almost impossible. At least it was on my trailer trash board. That's the only draw back though, I can pick my entire board up by my tuner.
I use this product (TB3550) to mount cameras to my motorcycle. I've not had any issues yet with the adhesive even at speeds of 170mph + (track). I'm not sure you'll find a better product from 3M for these types of applications.
Not sure of your question but after a year of using this product i have one more comment. It does not work well at all on anything but flat or mating surfaces.
Okay, the adhesive on the back of these MAY NOT be strong enough to mount pictures in frames. [enough] dual lock itself is certainly strong enough for the weight of a frame, but I'd be more worried about the glue on the back not only not holding to your wall, AND, yes, probably chipping some paint off assuming you do get it to stick to the wall well. Basically, it's gonna tear off your wall before it breaks the "dual lock". This is an amazing product, but you have to be really smart about how you use it. I have some stuck to wood and drywall around my apartment, but in certain cases I've even staple-gunned it, or superglued it, depending on the application. REGARDLESS, this product is a great value, and you may want to pick some up to test it how you plan to use it. For example, if you stick enough of it to a wall, perhaps in the shape of the frame, or just the top and bottom edge, and apply pressure for a spell, I wouldn't be worried about it holding a glass frame. But if you're stingy with it, you're bound to have little accidents. The adhesive glue is not as reliable as the dual lock itself.
No cure time required.
Yes, it will adhere to Lexan. Just make sure that is where you want it when you attach it.
The tape itself sticks very well to whatever you affix it to (if you clean the surface first, I use rubbing alcohol) but you can separate and reattach the items just like velcro. It is, however, much stronger than velcro so if you use too big of a piece it can be physically difficult (though possible) to remove and reattach the item. So the duallock strips stay in place on the items, but the items can be re-positioned.
I've purchased 4 different packages, all white adhesive
I find that JB weld works well It is cheap and comes in many versions The 3m product will fail before this rips off
I just went down and measured my Dual Lock and they are (2) 10FT. rolls.
I have both 3M and Velcro hook-&-loop; they are totally interchangeable without a hitch, (so to speak). In fact, the scratchy side of these products will work with certain types of rugs and welcome mats.
Just stick on.
It is both sides. Very strong too
I really think it will, I used it to hold my iPad up on a stand and it works great. The ipad with the case weigh about the same I would say. Just make sure to press down on the strip that going on the plaster wall to make sure every piece of the strip is making contact with the wall for best results
It'd stick nicely but NOT firmly. Keep in mind that the this fastener is not that sturdy. It will keep certain things in place but the bigger and heavier they are the less efficiently it's likely to work.
It is about 3/16" when put together.
I have installed it but have not removed it on my tailgate. Not sure.
There is adhesive on both. I guess it would depend on the length of the carpet.
These are adhesive on both parts but covers with film tape so it's only adhesive if you pull of the tape...
I can't see it holding during everyday normal pick up bed abuse.
I don't see why not. The dual lock has high temperature glue so it should work just fine.
Just use adhesive remover
I use it to hold on hurricane protection sheets over my windows. I have used them for 6 years and found no damage from them on good paint. Ifd you already have peeling paint on your windows it might remove the paint when they are removed.
I don't think so, but I have only used the one kind, so I can't say for sure. It is not as low a profile as Velcro is.
1 bag with two roles in it
I don't know, but my guess is that it will stick to itself more firmly.
No it is not. It is too narrow. I use mine for my Origami Owl jewelry.
It's textured. I ended up buying a velvet insert to display my jewelry at shows.
No just plastic
The size of the tray is 14 3/4" x 8 1/4" x1". Very nice tray. The size of the tray is in the ad. However do not order more than 1 at a time. I ordered 2 and only received one . When I inquired about my order being shorted they did nothing.
The inside of the tray is @ 14" x 7 3/4"
Dear Customer, This is a signal detector, do not need to download some data packets or the cable. We have the probe for detecting. Mambate USA IN.
Yes it the V2. It comes with a 1:1 /10:1 probe and a trigger probe and a USB cable for charging. Documentation can be downloaded from the web site and additional probes can be found on amazon. Works well after you learn how to operate the controls. They both rock left / right and push down to select. Regards
The actual -3dB bandwidth is 4.4MHz. You can check the schematics, there is a lowpass filter on each of the two analog channels. For inspecting a digital signal, the analog bandwidth needs to be at least 5x the shortest clock frequency, and 10x is better. After all, if you look at a 2MHz digital signal with 50/50 duty cycle, it requires at least the 3rd and 5th harmonic to approximate a square wave. If the duty cycle is different than that, the spectral content goes up and the frequency required to display it goes up. If you are looking at a digital signal on an analog scope, you are likely looking for things like overshoot, ringing, transient pulses, and glitches. All of those are going to have frequency content -way- above that of the square wave. So with this 4.4MHz real bandwidth scope, I don't think I'd use it for a digital signal above 100kHz. For similar reasons, I consider it barely adequate for audio troubleshooting.
Correct. It does not have a screw stem, even though the picture shows it with one.
The wheel screws into the bottom of the chair.
I don't think so. The tip is rounded and I had to cut off the tip to make it work.
What is the question here? I cannot find a question in this. All I can say is that I purchased two of these to go on two identical chairs and the wheels have worked perfectly. I could not find this model of wheel in any of many many stores I visited.
4 3/4" (length) x 2 1/2" (width) x 1/2" (height)
Dimensions are L=5", W=2-1/2", Thickness=1/2". hope this helps.
I think four inches
Doesn't work using Mac - OS 10.8.1. Crashes all applications related to movies, photos. Tried it on Mac Book Pro with OS 10.7.5 and it worked as advertised. Great picture. Update: As of 9/22/12 it works now with OS 10.8.2. Whatever it was that made it incompatible with 10.8.1 has been fixed. Five stars. As far as using this camera with an iPad, it requires power to run the 4 LED's and the camera which is not supplied by the iPad as it is on the USB port of a laptop or desktop through the Apple camera connection kit. According to the reviews of the ACCK on the Apple Store site, there is only enough power from the iPad to read the camera memory, not enough to power any devices. Someone should try it, though - it would be sweet to have the portability of the iPad with this camera.
Yes, I just plugged it in and used facetime app to see the video
Absolutely. The variable control is practically an on/off switch, as others mentioned, but I have used it without the light.
Approximately 1/4 of an inch.
i believe some one left a video of tape measure and playing cards and if not here youtube it , any way i can't be certain but i think its zero - four inches its clear and @ 12 inches not so clear , it is a great unit i use it often for all kinds of things well wort money i payed for it still working , had it in a compressor , wall, tv ,cars,sewer ,engine cylinder ,birds nest, dog ear , sink trap, so yea great tool , but focus can be a problem at times as in passed the sweet spot 0''-4'' but i like it and focus can be fixer by getting the unit closer , peeping under doors as pictured on box with a swat doing a under door inspection NOT so much lol can't make things out at a distance ,good luck
I neve try to, but i think you can't 'cause u need load the software.
I just use one of my old laptops
If you are referring to the Samsung Galaxy Note 3, then the answer is 'no'. This camera requires a USB input port as well as a supported OS. I don't believe the Android OS is on that list.
No it does not come with a mirror attachment. You can however buy a couple different accessory kits from Amazon. I use the 30 45 60 mirror set. Works pretty good for checking cylinder wall and piston condition, vavles, crank damage and such.
Yes, it works as another camera. This item is a great camera. I have had it for over a year.
Take this advice - look elsewhere. This mop snapped in half when I put very very light pressure on it. Crappiest mop I've ever used.
Hello. Nope, it comes assembled.
No, length of sponge is wide but the scrubber on top makes mopping under kitchen cabinets difficult.
I use it in rough tile so I think it would.
No, not a good mop!
What I received was one scrubber with other attachments. It's a good deal, though.
Betty, the model listed here is rechargeable and includes a charging stand which plugs into Ac power. The Scrub heads from other models do not fit on this one, by the way.
I don't think anywhere. The company sold to a company in England.
Yes it can
Not really
dont know im sorry but call 617 243 0235 thats there main office .. they sent me a new vacum after i complained about how it broke down after 6 months good luck Lori
I have a small brush and a crevice tool that came with mine.
no, but it is great
First, you unhinge the vacuum from the wheels. (The bottom clips.) It then becomes a unit you can carry around as you clean. You use the bare floor attachment (it has a long wand.) Affix one of the pads to the rectangular cleaning part using the velcro tabs, and you're good to go. I have dogs who shed a lot, so I first go over the floor without using the pad. If your floors are more normal than mine, go straight to the pad. Also, you can use Swiffer cloths. I've done this when both pads were dirty and I still had cleaning to do. Hope this helps.
The main distinguishing feature is the addition of the Canister Caddy. Rather than carrying the lift away canister around like the NV350, the caddy makes potability of the Rotator NV500 more enjoyable by transforming the powerful upright to a canister style vacuum, which glides across carpet and hardwoods to tackle any task at hand. Shark Rotator Series also includes a "flexible hose" either on the crevice tools or the actual tools themselves ..this is unique to the Rotator series. Additionally there is the optional feature of the Shark Rotators Edge Cleaner ~ a motorized side brush that cleans along walls
Yes, you can order them. They last a long time!!
90-days. The only other problem that I have with this vacuum is that it is off balance. The hose is tight and short and the machine topples over often. In addition, I have already replaced the hose once because it broke down with the angle needed because of the aforementioned issue. They need to redesign and re-evaluate the cg (center of gravity) based on the hose being used.
I am not sure how you can get the replacement brushes..... I clean the brushes on mine everytime I'm done using it so I hope that will prolong the brushes to last longer. I bet a email to Shark will get you some answers.
Hello, thank you for your question. It does not come with a hose but it has a detachable vacuum canister which you can use for tight corners and under tables (hard to reach areas). I hope this helps!
Sorry, I don't know. I only bought my model and it did not say which number, only Shark Professional Navigator. Good luck.
300 v ac dc
Between poor and great-- gook/ok/slightly above average. However, your question shows a deep knowledge at one of the major Achilles heels of these systems, and REALLY good probes (as in best of breed) could easily add several hundred dollars and more. In the end it depends on your needs, as in components and wires vs. detailed circuit components. For most applications, the included probes are fine.
Jaime, The answer is "yes".
The wrong picture is displayed. My scope has English text.
Not Sure As I Did Not Get OR Need The Battery For Mine. Very nice piece of equipment.
Voltage selector knob shows 5mv/div on the low end of the scale. HTH
Yes I have a battery model. Works fine and I used it for three hours the other day.
Yes, this scope came with a printed manual when I purchased it.
Not trying to be glib, but actually both of the previous answers are correct. The really short answer is no, it won't, but that's really a qualified no. If you went to the trouble of acquiring, or more likely making, the appropriate probes for what you wanted to measure, then sure, this will display a waveform, but then you have to know how to interpret the waveforms, to know if what you measured is behaving correctly. In other words, you can probably make this work as an automotive scope, but by the time you're done, you'll have something cobbled together that ended up costing more and not working as well as just going out and buying an automotive scope. A purpose-built tool is ALWAYS better than a generic tool, easier to use for that purpose, and many times actually cheaper than cobbling something together.
Yes 2 inputs and one external trigger
Focuses on entire room quite well
The rating in the device is IP66. The second '6' means "Protection against string water jets and waves." For 20 foot depth, you'll need IPx8 where 8 = "Protected against prolonged effects of immersion under pressure." IPx7 is only good for temporary immersion to down to 1 meter.
No it doesn't. The camera is on a cable so there is no way to turn the camera. I taped it on a electrical fish stix worked great.
It probably would go around the bends of a toilet but not by itself.. The cable is too flexible to push through a toilet or through long pipes. You would have to tape it to a sewer snake or something like that. The camera is about 1/2 inch in diameter and about 2 1/2 inches long so it would go around corners in 3 inch or larger pipe.
The head piece is approximately 5/16 of an inch in diameter. If you have a 1/2 inch to work in it works well but the barrel at the head is approximately 2 inches long so not ideal for tight curves. Works well though.
It would fit a straight section but I don't think it would be able to make any turns. It is also very flexible and would probably have to be taped to a small sewer snake to push it through the pipe. It would be like trying to push an extension cord through a pipe. The first time I tried this camera it worked. I tried it again and now it won't work. I get a solid black screen. Don't know what is wrong at this point.
You shouldn't need any additional software for newer versions of MacOS. I suspect you won't need anything additional for Windows either, but I didn't have a Windows box nearby to test with. The camera also comes with a CD with software on it (I didn't try it).
There should have been software provided by the manufacturer for use on windows 7 or XP. It will not work without the proper drivers installed or the software.
Windows 7 Movie Maker finds the camera right away and displays the image. Movie Maker is apparently a standard part of Windows 7 Media Center. The picture is a little small and I didn't find a way to make it larger (there probably is a way), but it was fine for my purposes. Loading a "chinese" CD program on my PC made me uncomfortable.
I pushed it through a drain pipe with standing water, taped to a ribbon-style drain snake, and it did not leak. I have not submerged it deeply, but it was OK in an inch or two of water. I think those who report leaks have cracked the relatively thin plastic cap. I taped a chunk of rubber tubing to it as a protector. It's cheap! And it's inexpensive!
This device, at least the one that was delivered to me, has only two prongs on it's power plug. More than that, it's rated at about 4 amps. Those are incandescent light bulb numbers.You'll need at least 15 amps for an electric motor.That being said, foot switches have got to be one of the most popular accessories for meat grinders. I'm sure Amazon is rife with foot switches specifically for meat grinders.
maybe 4x4x1. all our christmas stuff is packed up so i can't measure right now.
No, Alternate Action (press on, press off)
You can use it with any Mac over Leopard. Just plug it in and select it under "camera" in photobooth. I'm sure you can use another app but photobooth was simple and quick.
Yes, it will work. I have had it submerged in depths of water greater than 40 feet, for over 36 hours at a time, in varying temperatures, currents, and bumping it around pretty rough. It never lost any of it's clarity, the lights functioned well, and I had no problems at all. Not even one little interference line in the pictures whatsoever. You should be able to use this with no problems for what you are doing. Remember, that this is not a camera that has a focus on it. The focusing is totally controlled by the movement of the camera, and how far you hold it from whatever you are taking a picture of. This means that someone is going to have to act as the camera operator, and manually hold the camera so that it stays in focus, based on what you are seeing real time on the computer. As long as what you see on the monitor is cool, then your recording will turn out just how you saw it in action! Have fun, and good luck! Tom
yes it works with mac os 10.43/49 or higher. i have not tested this but the software supports this and it is listed on the carton.
It works great on the Microsoft Surface 2 (RT). You will have to select the generic Microsoft USB Camera driver.
PC only. Don't know if it will work with Mac Parallels.
Yes, use Photo Booth
There are a lot better products out there... I don't think I would want a dentist sticking this thing in my mouth after it's been in someone else's, it's just not constructed in a way that could be easily and confidently disinfected.
The diameter is 19/32" at the end (1/4" plastic cap). The entire end piece appears to be brass, a total of about 2 1/2" long including the plastic cap. The leading 3/4" is about 9/16" diameter. The next 1 1/4" is about 1/2" diameter. The last 3/8" tapers down to about 9/32" diameter. The cable is about 3/16" diameter. "More than you ever wanted to know", I guess.
6" to 12"
The computer sees it as a USB camera. If you have something like Cheese on your Linux box you will be able to see the image. I imagine it will be similar on a mac. I never tried the enclosed software as I have similar software on my W7 box.
The scale on the hydrometer reads from 0 to 100% of alcohol by volume and 0-200 percent Proof of Spirit. The hydrometer is for distilled alcohol only. It cannot be used for beer, wine or any other fermented beverage according to the label. There is also a temperature correction chart for temperatures reading below and above 60 degrees F.
.665" x 11.750"
This DOES NOT work for taking readings for beer or wine. If your intent is to measure the graivity (sugar density) in beer and wine, you need a hydrometer
Yes
Proof and Tralle will measure the alcohol content. I am not sure what you would classify as short.
from 0 to 200 proof
Test it before you add sugar. If you're buying it in a bottle the ABV should be printed somewhere.
USA
I'd say that this is more along the lines of a 'generally specific' more so than a 'literally specific' measurement. I'm sure you can find the right reading given enough time. This uses displacement to gauge the proof of a liquid so you'll have to be sure to let the hydrometer be free from the edges of its container and the water must be completely still. So yes, it will differentiate but you'll have to have a really good eye for it!
The kind of material that the container is made of has nothing to do with it. This hydrometer works by displacement so you must make sure your container is tall enough to work for high and low proofs. I think you're wanting a 'thermometer' reading but the fishing bobber is exactly how it works. YouTube someone that can help you understand it if I didn't help.
No need, comes pre calibrated works like a champ
Comes with batteries and little screw driver to calibrate it (maybe this model doesn't I don't remember?). It works but get what you pay for and not the best quality, to calibrate it up use calibrate solution and follow directions.
yes, after about 3 min.
No, it does not have temperature compensation.
No, but it works great for PPM. Very happy with it and price
I do not know, I believe if you go to one of 2 sites that they might be able to answer this, Dr. Mercola.com, or Healthmasters with Dr. Ted Broer.
Baseline calibration should be the water source for your project. The meter came out of the box pre-calibrated for me. I assume if you want to set the baseline at 0 you can use reverse osmosis water. I never had to calibrate mine and it gave accurate readings.
I haven't tested it with most brand name meters. However I did my thesis project using this device, and I personally did the math on an electrical readout. The readings came in accurate. However once you get over a 3 digit reading the device only displays in x10 increments, so its a bit harder to determine readouts and fluctuations from a glance. This also leads to decreased accuracy the higher you go. I hope I answered you question.
If you tell me what EC stands for I might be able to tell you.
It's a solid opaque white, just be sure your extruder can run at temps of 230C+
Octave filamenr is one of the best I have tried. Works well and as a matter of fact I'm using it right now! Would recommend.
My friend Chris, would be happy to make one for you..3Dideas@carrythewhat.com (http://carrythewhat.com), you can find hime via google search for "carrythewhat". In fact, he has MakerBot, so he'll be able to make sure it mounts perfectly :) Say Anastas sent you.
From my experience, the quality is terrible. It clumps a lot, and has jammed my extruder once before.
The diameter is about 11 1/2 " X 4 " deep. It will fit 5 gallon buckets easily and has screws to tighten the buckets in position. Hope this helps.
I'm not sure, but I weigh 200lbs and use mine as a stool with a bucket seat all the time with no problems.
I weigh 180 and it holds me fine.
yes you can use it both side and it's easy to install
I see no reason why not. Anything with a brake and accelerator pedal should work.
I don't know, but I would guess not. These controls are very well made, but they do NOT replace the hand controls used by disabled people. My father, for whom these controls were purchased, refused to use them because they were not what he expected. The two handles act directly on the brake and accelerator with no mechanical advantage, so they are difficult to use with smoothly. The handle end is not mounted to anything, to the handles rest in the driver's lap when they are not being held in the hands. Good luck with the hand control approval process in NJ. It is a draconian mess in OK and TN.
You simply push in on the brake control to brake and push in on the throttle to accelorate. You don't have to grip either one I rarely use my full hand. Would u like me to do a video for you. Please txt me or call if you'd like. 918 721-1616. Hope this helps, sincerly Sherry
I think about 4 or 5 pounds but I don't really know
Yes!
There is a disclaimer saying `` PROFESSIONAL USE ONLY`` in the end of the advertisement.
Endodental has the ART-M1 and ART-E1 220V models in stock.
Yes
excelent
The data sheet is here, has the dimensions also. http://www.nooelec.com/files/GTM2088ARGB-28.pdf
I personally learned from Arduino for Dummies.
The led has a mark on the back. Mine has a little triangle point on the white plastic trim. This is the identification mark. So when I lay the led face down on the table and the little triangle part is on the right. The pins on the right are 1-8 blue, 1-8 red. From top to bottom. The pins on the left are 1-4 drive, 1-8 green and 1-4 drive. From top to bottom
Yes, I can state for certain that if you purchase from NooElec they are compatible with Rainbowduino. Of course, we cannot guarantee that if you purchase from another vendor that they will be compatible--you would need to ask them :)
I'm not sure ... I'm hoping that it mates seamlessly with the Rainbowduino.
I am not sure. You might try looking up Earthpaste on Facebook and posting that question on their page. I'm sure they would be able to answer your question there!
The ingredients (as listed on the tube of Wintergreen Paste) are Purified Water, Food Grade Redmond Clay, Xylitol, Wintergreen Essential Oil, Menthol, Redmond Real Salt, Tea Tree Oil.
T.Sadowski, No, it is not aluminum...It is the same type of material used in other types of toothpaste containers...Hope this helps. Ultimate Health
I don't see the key remineralising ingredients on it, so I don't think so. Generally the ingredients "trace minerals" and various forms of calcium like dolomite (which you can buy right here on Amazon!) are what to look for.
Yes
yes. there are no chemicals in it.
No it doesn't. Here are the ingredients listed in order (for Earth Paste Peppermint) Purified Water, Food Grade Redmond Clay, Xylitol, Peppermint Essential Oil, Menthol, Redmond Real Salt, Tea Tree Oil. Hope this helps!
After writing this feedback I contacted the person who has the distribution in Latin America, and this was her reply. I hope it helps.. Thanks for reaching out to us and sorry for the concern our box warning may have caused. I'm not sure if you have ever heard of prop 65, but here is a blog post that explains it in a little more detail: http://www.redmondclay.com/prop65/. Although there is a varying amount of natural lead many of the foods we eat, and we probably would not even need to have it on a toothpaste, we decided to error on the side of caution and put the label on the box. This is why some of the boxes contain the prop 65 warning and some others don't - yet. We plan to put it on all of them to avoid potential costly prop 65 lawsuits. As you will see in the ingredient list Redmond Clay is the base product for Earthpaste and this type of clay has a lot of elements and minerals in it in varying amounts. Here is an elemental analysis of the clay so you can see everything it has: http://www.redmondtrading.com/pdfs/RedmondClay_MineralAnalysis.pdf. Most clay experts agree that the "harmful" metals in clay are not bioavailable or absorbable by the body because of the way they are attached to the clay, but we can appreciate your concern. Knowing the properties of clay many peopletake clay as a daily supplement and many books have been written on the properties of this type of clay even with the elemental profile of the clay. Here is another link that talks about the aluminum in clay and contains other links on the subject. http://www.redmondclay.com/2012/what-about-the-aluminum-in-redmond-clay/. Also, here is one more you may find helpful in your research: http://www.cleanse.net/hydratedbentoniteclay.html.http://www.redmondclay.com/prop65/http://www.rcherbals.com/prop65/
It does not explicitly state on the packaging that it is vegan, however the ingredients are: purified water, food grade Redmond clay, xylitol, peppermint essential oil, menthol, Redmond real salt, tea tree oil. I see no reason that would not be vegan :)
Non-GMO certified from both birch and corn. http://www.redmondtrading.com/pdfs/EarthpasteFAQ3x.pdf
Hello, yes the earth paste is completely sls free and I use it frequently as a back up when I'm not in the mood to make my homemade toothpaste. It works good and I like that all the ingredients are natural. It does contain xylitol so if you have pets make sure they never get a hold of the tube but other wise this is my go to for back up!
Since its mostly made up of the clay, the paste is very smooth & doesnt have any "grit" to it
I would think so, with ingredients being basically oils, salt, clay and water. The Redmond website might say.
It is not a whitening toothpaste however it did not cause me to have brown teeth. Baking soda and lemon juice made into a paste and left on for no more than a minute at a time a few days a week will aid in whiting your teeth.
I've used it for that with our drink fridge. Found that the bottom shelf was about 10 degrees cooler. More than accurate enough.
yes, the SainSonic IR infrared thermometer will read both celsius and fahrenheit.
The farthest I have tried so far is about 20 feet and it works fine at the distance. Of course, the farther the targeted area the wider the spot size being measured increases.
You need open the door, because take the temperature of the object close to the IR, and the door of the oven have insulation to prevent accidents and keep the heat inside.
I guess you could but skin temp is usually lower than body temp.
My son bought this and its worked well. As far as I could tell it can read very high temps however if you know that something is obviously not as hot as its reading I would return it. Maybe it's defective.
I use it to measure the temperature of a metal pipe I use for bending wood, as in instrument making. It proved very useful in getting to the recommended temperature range (350-400) and made the process successful where I failed before. I don't know how accurate it is compared to a contact type thermometer, but it works great for hitting the temperature range I needed.
I have checked the temperature against a NIST certified thermometer and have found accuracy within 1 or 2 degrees
The dropper is glass so that should not be a problem if you don't overfill the dropper or let it lie on it's side so the oil does not come into contact with the rubber bulb.
They are made of glass so that should be ok, just not sure about the dropper part.
The suction only allows a little over half of the dropper to be filled. This measures at 1 ml.
Just under 4.25" tall with the dropper screwed on to the bottle.
This is my OPINION:The bottles are glass, so I do not see that there is any issue with sterilizing them. The rubber parts of the dropper, I guess you would have to research what methods of sterilization are acceptable for sterilizing small amounts of rubber. For the most accurate information on sterilizing theses bottles & droppers, I would suggest you contact the company before purchasing.
I hate to repeat the obvious but it does matter what your using them for. I use them for small blends of essential oil &carrier oil i.e. 3 drops fir needle oil & 3 drops CO for sinus problems. The color Cobalt & amber slow down light from degrading the oil. So size matters if you need the bottle to hold larger mixtures. Then price 6 2 oz bottles at 8.99 compared to 6 3pz bottles @ 18.99 would make a difference so you need to determine if you really need that extra oz space. If it's for personal use it may not matter but if your selling a product that would cut into profits then you look at purchasing 6 bottles as compared to 36. Sorry I'm very logical I know way TMI.
No the glass dropper stops leaving a space if about a 1/4 inch or less
Yes it does. I've purchased both and the funnel fits perfectly.
Since labels can come (or be created) in many shapes, I thought it would be more beneficial to just give you the dimensions of the bottle. The bottle is a little over 4"s around and you have at least 2"s of flat surface from top to bottom. Hope that helps.
Maybe a laboratory distributor? We are just a surplus company. We have limited products in certain categories. Thanks
I've never microwaved them but have left them in a mug of hot water to liquefy Coconut oil
1ml = 1 squeeze = appears 1/2 - 2/3 full
My lot was leak proof. Excellent quality. Dropper stays in place.
I would imagine they are however the rubber droppers Id advise to hand wash! Hope this helps!
Use 91% rubbing alcohol or 99%. Isopropyl alcohol evaporates at room temperature. Wash with iso and let sit open and air dry for a day or a few/ or until there is no scent of alcohol left.
Just dump some of the contents into my hand....not much left....
Sorry we don't carry brushes.
20-400 - neck size.
I did not. I use them to mix essential oils
Yes they were perfect!
Closed
Sorry, there are no specs on the box - at all. A 1 inch thin cardboard piece with some chinese writing on it that looks like an inspection confirmation. I'm using it on my home water system, max water pressure (at home) is supposed to be 85psi.
The wires will go both directions and the valve will work I have mine wired with blue as groud yellow back to positive. But tried it both directions and had no problems
This is a twelve volt solenoid, I think you need a 120 volt solenoid.
It has brass threads for standard 1/4" fittings. If your airline has threaded, 1/4" fittings, it will probably attach.
I'd say it is iffy. Some report no issues at pressures above 100psi. In my experience (with only one of these) is that it functions great below 100psi, and inconsistently above 100. We installed one for air horns, but most horns don't need pressure over 100...in fact, most function on much less pressure.
I use over 100psi on the air ride on my bike and its fine with that...
hi,Is it 2 way
3" x 1 3/4" x 1 3/4" - From the bottom of the brass to the Nut is 3", from inlet to outlet is 1 3/4", and The black coil housing is 1 3/4" round
Well for me, for my air horns. Once I hit my momentary button its instant. Hope that helps you out.
My mop pad is approximately 17 x 5.5.; the dusting pad is roughly one inch larger. They are perfectly interchangeable on the one mop framework. They have proven to be perfect sizes, and with the swivel feature, one can reach almost any area. I toss mine in the washer, then let them air dry. They have held up beautifully. I highly recommend the refillable cartridge.
I see not reason for it not to work on any surface. I have used it on tile without a problem.
It is 28.75 FL OZ.
The difference is in the cleaning solution. The professional series comes with the professional formula cleaner and a concentrate refill. The regular version includes the regular formula cleaner and no refill. The mop and the pad are identical, though. I've only used the professional solution and it works well on my hardwood floors. Between my own clumsy habits and my two cats the mop gets a good amount of use and the spray solution with the regular pad is enough to take care of most spills even after they've dried without significant effort.
4.5 inches, my wife easily gets under our bed.
I comes with a small bottle of concentrate. The Bona floor cleaner is readily available in gallon jugs at Home Depot
If you get the refillable container you can use any cleaner you want to.
The mop is the same but this liquid is for the hardwood so you would need an additional cartridge for the tile version
The Bona product leaves the floors shining, and in great condition. My installer recommended the product, and I love it!
Make sure that the dispenser is seated firmly on the handle.
Just checked... I ordered quite a few, different sizes so still have some unopened. The part appears to be high quality, and the plastic bag the part is sealed in is marked "made in USA". So I'll say yes, assuming nothing has changed in the last 4 months or so.
No
This is a standard npt fitting for air tools and paint guns, I believe it to be 3/8, yes. It was for an air tool.
take it to any hardware store and ask for a adaptor
A beer & wine hydrometer is better suited. this is more of a whiskey/moonshine hydrometer. The lowest reading on the scale is 20 proof. There are no usable graduations till about the 60 proof range.
yes it can
A little taller than a gallon of milk and as wide as two pencils on the bottom and one pencil on top
Yes it can and works great.
I believe it should be able to because it's going to be checking the alcohol content. It's doesn't matter what kind.
It is much easier to have the cylinder. You will get a percise measurement using it. Otherwise, you just get an approximate measurement. Better to have the cylinder.
Perhaps some very high alcohol beers, but not a normal beer. Not enough alcohol to change the specific gravity for the scale. Great for spirits, though.
No its for distilled alcohol only. It measures the amount of alcohol in the water from a distilled batch
Unfortunately the connectors on these pads are for 3mm snap on connections. Omron uses smaller connections, so these pads will not fit correctly.
My unit isn't a pinook. They work well with the hidow.
Honest I don't know. I have both a healthmate forever and a smart relief unit. They fit both of mine.
If the Tens unit wire accommodates a 1/8" diameter snap on stud, then the pads will work with your unit. All products purchased through Amazon are entitled to a 30 day money back guarantee if the product does not work to your satisfaction.
They will not fit the Omron. The buttons on the adhesive pads are larger than the openings on the Omron. Our Omron got to the point it was not safe so we had to throw it out. Also the adhesive you can purchase to put on the pads is messy. It's real jelly like and we refused to use it after we bought it.
Yes , the pads will work ,but they are smaller in size than the original ones that came with the Aurawave
Yes, that is the brand I use my pads with.
They are pre-coated and seem to last longer than the others I've used. Hope this helps.
Yes, as long as your connector works well with Hi-Dow, most of the pads have the same connector and the large pads are much better than the standard pads.
the nipple of the snap is 1/8 of The nipple of the snap measures 1/8" on these pads. If yours measure to this, no problem. These are work great! I also use Tac Gel to use pads alittle longer, its sticky but washes out easily.
It only comes with the size you order
0.75"W x 2.75"H
My bottle cap was not child proof. I don't know if you can get them with child proof caps from this company, but I am sure that you can get child proof caps.
The cap is removable. The bottle comes in 3 pieces. The bottle, cap , and the screw on top
Yes
I had the same problem. I had to glue them in.
No, ma'am... they don't.
Yes, it has suction cups so you are able to place it upright (portrait) or lengthwise (landscape) as long as you have it printed on a 8.5X11 paper
We love this product! I checked online for who the manufacturer is, and it may be the following: www.azardisplays.com/&#8206;
Yes it did. There were 4 boxes of 25 wipes each. Good deal.
No, there are 25 wipes in a box that sells for around $15.00.
My wife uses THESE (no-sting) pads to get off the remains of her Stomahesive paste and Eakin seals. Alternatively we use Smith & Nephew Skin-Prep wipes, but they sting. When the going gets REALLY tough, we use Smith & Nephew Uni-Solve Adhesive Remover Wipes, which seem to work best on old tape residue.
We always order a minimum 50 that lasted, and used one every two days, so from the first one to the last wipe it lasted a 100 days. Never had a problem.
as far as i recall (we are no longer using them) it is the way they described it: "25/bx, 4 bx". i sure hope so!
I paid more than 15.00
Yes, Max current allowed is typically much lower for dc compared to ac for a given switch.
yes, but when one is on, the other would be off and vice-versa.
These are not simple on/off switches. Off is in the center position. Your hot wire goes to the center (normally), and output is wired to the outer posts, based on your configuration. Google Double-pole / Double-throw switch and you'll see dozens of wiring diagrams available. Using jumpers and how you configure the wiring, the possibilities are endless. Normal configuration is using center pin as HOT input, and outer pins as output to different devices. There is no "ground" or "negative", these simply break or re-route the hot-wire in your circuit.
You get 5 switches
No
this is on-off-on and as you switch the position, he hold by self
It has three ...
Not a problem at all. You should be fine.
Yes 24V, 0~3A should be fine. My rule of thumb, for 24V or less, keeping the current below half the AC current is fine.
latching
.01 volts and .01 amps
Yes. It comes with 1 basic set of leads and a power cord.
Mine had an intermittent Power cord connection. Try wiggling it or try a different PC power cord. The power cord connection pins are too short.
There is no negative (less than zero) voltage output capability. As the specs say 0 to 30 volts and 0 to 5 amps. The voltage that you set is regulated at that value until the current that you set is exceeded, then the constant current feature takes over and the voltage is reduced while maintaining your selected maximum current.
The maximum rated voltage is 30 volt DC. If you are wanting to series connect the output of multiple supplies, the 30 volt 5 amp maximum output of each power supply does not change.
this is not a wall brick power supply ! It is a very stable regulated constant current / constant voltage DC power supply. Without knowing the exact environment in which you plan to use it, I am confident that it will perform to your expectations ---- based on my experience using it as a plating power supply, and to run DC motors.
Yep, it works at both voltages. You must switch it manually though; it isn't an auto-ranging supply. Just don't forget an IEC cable for the 220V sockets on the ship.
seems the P model has a USB plug, thats the only diff I know of
This is a question best posed to the seller. Current stock will determine the model revision being shipped.
There is no "power setting" for this unit. By selecting output voltage and current settings from 0-30 volts and 0-5 amps the output is variable within those ranges.
They should work if the knives are not stainless steel. High grade stainless steel is not very magnetic; however regular steel will work and low nickel stainless steel may work. You can test the magnetic affinity with any magnet.
Yes, they are "crazy" strong!! The best way to do it, is to hold them next to a sharp edged counter. Then push the top one off onto the counter and push it away. Only do One at a time, and only have a couple on the counter at a time... So don't sling back together. I found this by googling the question... I think there was actually a video on YouTube.
Yes, I tested this out and it would work!
Hi, These are sold as sets of 10 pieces, so if you need 80 pieces then 8 sets would be the right amount to purchase. The cost would be 8x the listed price.
You can, but it won't look so good with the magnet sticking out on the front side. These ones are strong by the way so best to keep metal away from your jersey if you manage it.
I'm not sure how to answer your question, knowing nothing about dolls. However, a look at some of the other questions/answers about this product say it takes about 6 pounds of force to separate two of them. I had to put the magnet stack on the edge of my desk and slide them down and off one at a time to separate them. The magnets have about a 1/2" diameter. Hopefully these are useful thoughts for you.
the price is for a set of 10 magnets, you will receive 10 magnets (a set) for the price listed.
It is at least 13,800 gauss. Much higher than needed for magnetic therapies.
Nobody can answer your question with only the information you provided. We need to know three things: 1. The weight of the object being held. 2. The thickness of the glass plus anything else held between the magnets. 3. The configuration of the magnets (side or top of tank etc.) Assuming top mount, and the glass is 1/8th inch thick with no additional material separating the magnets you can hold about 1.5lb (Probably less). I figured this using the calculator at https://www.kjmagnetics.com/calculator.asp
Each will hold 6 lb in ideal condition. if you space them out you should be able to hold about 20lb with 4. In vertical position, it depends on the fiction from the surface. it typically need much less force to hold 10Lb. Hope this helps.
I just weighed it. It was 21 pounds.
I am not sure but it looks as though it is a division of Electrolux and headquartered in Charlotte, NC.
The Vacuum has seven setting. I would only use it for carpet sweeping.
Stretched out, I think its about 10 feet long. And its very easy to use. We use this to clean our church, and getting up under the pews is a breeze.
Yes it does you have to hit the release a second time for it to lay all the way down. Love this vacuum. It works great.
Just three as I can recall. The hose, a wand and a crevice device, but they were sufficient for us. Works beautifully.
yes. it has a hard surface setting
Yes this vaccum is bery ligth .on work a good.
When I compare Brix reading with Refractometer vs a Hydrometer they are within 1 degree of Brix.
I could very easily. Measure when you first make the broth then measure again when you feel that the process is supposed to be complete. It measures in % of alcohol and specific gravity, and may be on another scale. I have not played with mine as yet.
The device has a limited range - max. 30% sugar in solution. Since honey is +/- 70% sugars, you would have to perform controlled dilutions to bring your solution into the instrumental range. Unless done very exactly, the results would quickly become meaningless. I see that Brushy Mountain sells a refractometer with a range up to 90% for about $80 (on Amazon). That has to be both easier and more accurate.
No
No, use a Salinity Refractometer.
No, you need a 0-80 refractometer at the link below http://www.amazon.com/0-80%25-Refractometer-Syrup-Sauces-Concentrates/dp/B00DOGUCOG/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1406761261&sr=8-1&keywords=0-80+brix+refractometer
It has 1% increments.
Not sure... Box sticker says Ade Advanced Optics...
Fitment : 98-02 Honda Accord 2DR models only
Not sure. I'm using regular bulbs. Nice lights though. I didn't use the eye lids or the grill. The grill looks nice as well but I didn't install it.
They should
The tip of they eye dropper will fit in a straw. The rest of the eye dropper will not. I don't know the diameter but it is as thick as a straw. It comes to a smaller point where the liquid comes out. Hope that helped.
NO.. Make sure the dropper is pulled into the lid correctly. Pull the glass tube out of the rubber dropper.then make sure the rubber part is in the lid correctly fitting good. then put the glass dropper tube back up into the rubber Part. They fit real snug.. I love these droppers...
No
Just tested it--about 17-20 drops.
4" tall - 3.25 round
The dropper caps fit, there may be an issue with the bulb or the thread on the cap itself, but I would not consider buying these, they are poor quality.
I don't know what that is but I bought 2 cases of these and I can tell you that everyone of them leaked no matter how tight you screw on the dropper cap. They leaked even sitting on my shelf pic them up and there would be a puddle and the bottle would be wet. Don't know how, I guess from the vacuum.
The company is based in Michigan.
between 3/8 & 7/16"
No, I have Plant Therapy roller balls and they are too loose.
I use it in my shop but it's not really adequate for use as a dust collection unit. It has plenty of suction but doesn't provide enough cubic feet per minute (CFM) of air flow to really be efficient. In short, it's usable but less than ideal. However, if you're just looking for something to clean up with it's outstanding. I've been thrilled with mine and would totally recommend it over a shop vac. It's much quieter than a shop vac, provides more suction, has HEPA bags, and the hose is much more user friendlier.
Mine measures 5'5".
On the canister at the bottom on the right hand side of the hose inlet.
It has a pretty powerful motor and I've not had too many things get stuck in the long 50' hose. It should not have a problem with something the size of goldfish crackers.
It has been awhile since I bought the PRO (2 yrs), and therefore compared the two models, but if my memory serves me correctly, the PRO is a bit more powerful and therefore allows for a longer hose. You should double check my statement just be sure. Hope this helps.
We sell the GV30PRO which is the same vacuum and tools as the GV50PRO, but it has a 30 foot hose. The price is $269.00
Yes, we plugged into a regular wall outlet -110V.
Traveling at present. The bag is very nice, including a tape tab to seal in dust when changing bags. The vacuum has no other filter, no cartridge or foam ring, so I would hesitate to use lesser bag.
Not sure that the motor is measured in horsepower. I will tell you that it is the most powerful shop-vac that I have ever owned. I have a 50 foot hose on it and I think I can add another 30 and it would still pick up very well. I will be buying another one when I finish my basement shop. It is one of the best tool purchases I've ever made. I wouldn't waste too much time thinking about it. I hope this helps.
You would need an extra length of hose to route the exhaust outside. This is an excellent and strong vacuum but is dry only, just so your aware of that and also uses bags. There are models that are wet/dry with no bag but the filter is very expensive to replace.
You can order the GV30Pro by keying in GV30RPRO for Red or GV30BPRO for Blue. The 1 1/4" hose is standard with the Garage Vac because of the size of the suction port and the size of the opening on the Hepa bag.
Yes, everything you need to mount and start using is included. I really like mine..
I have lights on + this pro model vacumaid but no stereo (either way I don't think it would trip it if I did have the stereo) and the breaker never trips...
Yes it had 1..
Must do it from the can
I would say no
Hi there - No it can not. It's clearly stated that it is NOT to be used for water in the Instruction Guide. Hope that helps. : )
The hose can easily be shortened simply by removing the curved wand from one end and you can cut the hose to your desired length with a utility knife. Reattach the curved wand to the end you would like to use. The bags are also available for purchase on Amazon.com part number HPB2HPK.
Vacu-Maid 5-layer HEPA style filtration bags. These HEPA filtration quality provide optimal filtration of fine particles such as dust, pollen, pet dander, and mold spores. These 7 gallon bags retain debris at 99.98% efficiency and are ideal for households with allergy suffers.
I just put it in bucket a NS squeezed red portion and pumped it out. It can siphon if there is a difference in levels.
Mine has not held up very well just using it to take water out of a birdbath. Personally I wouldn't use it for any oil, lubricants or gas. Years ago I had one that looked the same that was used for kerosene but it was much better quality and it worked great. This one is pretty flimsy.
Seriously doubt it. I tried to use it to pump car wash liquid soap and it would do it but barely.
I use mine for gas so i would think it would be all right for oil
Yeah it should work for that
I am not sure, it seems like it would be fine though.
If the wine fluids are compatible with Polyethylene I myself can't see why it won't work ok.
I can't find them anywhere, but for $3.00, you can get a whole new pump.
Yes it sure would. We have used it to seal pennies to a bathroom floor and had no issues. Check out our website as well for pictures, and call if you need anything. You need to buy enough epoxy to do a thin seal coat to fill in the gaps between the pennies and then a flood coat to go over them to have a smooth seamless surface. You should estimate to double the about of your coverage. If you know your square footage I will be able to help you more with figuring out how much epoxy you will need.
It's about like honey. Nice and clear and thick.
Yes you can. Please let us know if you have any further questions. Anneliese countertopepoxy.com 970-639-9338
Yes......It is amazing!!!!!! I love the coating....It shines so flawless....a thick coating with depth..... awesome!!!!! Make sure you mix it with a stick by hand.....not a paint mixer.....too many air bubbles......be sure to buy a Wagner heat gun.....pour it on the surface.....spread it with a plastic drywall knife......then use the heat gun to go over the surface.....air bubbles dissapear......it leaves a remarkable surface.....I am super happy with it
It would definitely be better to sand it off first. Your taking a big chance of the product delaminating from the spray paint. As far as the textured spray paint that would give you the best chance but I do epoxy floors for a living and have seen it come off of spray paint.
We covered our counters with this then (about three weeks later) my wife put down a pot straight out of the oven (425 degrees). It did not cause any damage to the counter. We had used another product from a box store on our first house. It was warped by a hot pressure cooker. This one stands up to its reputation as far as I am concerned
I wouldnT THINK So.....it is 2 parts....pretty sure they activate each otheR
I have seen it used in a crack in a cement floor where I work, it's been in there over a year and it hasn't moved.
Yes it would work well and we have done this. It is best when doing this to pour about 1/4 inch at a time and spray the surface with denatured or 91% rubbing alcohol to burst any air bubbles.
Doubtful but it would really depend upon the depth of the vessel sink. Some vessel sinks are partially sunk into the countertop. This is a beautiful piece of sink hardware. Are you totally sure you want a vessel sink? look at Signature hardware for the shallow natural stone sinks that are hollowed out large river rocks etc. The trend toward vessel sinks is pretty much over as a design statement.
yes it comes with valves. They are gorgeous in person!!
Yeah, it's all included.
Yes, it does.
Yes. My plumber installed it for me. I had bought an Ikea sink and cabinet combo, and the included drain with the Moen didn't fit, so we used the one that came with the sink instead.
The drain is included.
Only Satin Nickel will match Satin Nickel.it's a warmer tone than stainless as the metal content is markedly different. I would be fairly certain that Moen makes a soap dispenser in this very popular finish. (built-in or free standing?)
I'm not an expert but it came in a big box with many parts the description should tell you what it comes with. I don't recall my plumber buying anything extra. I love the faucet as its height allows you to wash your face and hands easily
no I dont believe it will handle the current it is rated for 15?amp max at most
It should, hard starts are pretty universal by design. You may want to match the rated horse power or wattage to your compressor. Wayne Ritewayappliance.com
It worked to start the compressor yes but mine still don't get cool
No difference
Hi , this relay is designed for 1/4 and 1/3 compressors. The MFD IS lower at 280 -330 MFD
i would check web site all this does is take place of start relay
24 lot 6.95
It should start it ok but beeee carefullllll that you match it to compressor hp size. To big of a hard start could burn up your control board like I did.
You will need a hard start that fits 1/12 to 1/5 compressors .
Rco410 will work fine
You can purchase some calibration solution at almost any gardening/hydroponics shop. The solution is a perfect 4.0. You put a little in a cup (about an inch) and place the tester in there, in the on position. If you don't read 4.0, you can turn that little screw in the back until you do. Thats it. Calibrated.
yes, we could
no solution comes with it but amazon has it in 4 7 and 10 the one i got was right on and hasten drifted in 6 weeks just look up ph buffer of calibration solution and a number of them come up hope this helps
Haven't used for home canning but I don't see why it wouldn't work. You have to be careful not to dip the tip too far into liquid (past the black cover) because the device is not waterproof. You also need to buy some calibration fluid to get accurate results. I bought ph4 and ph7 calibration packets to calibrate. They cost about a dollar a piece. This is not a bad tester considering the price. I have been using mine for a saltwater aquarium for a few months and it has worked well.
I used mine in controlling an electric heating element for a smoker. What I found was that if you set the control type to Solid State Relay, it cycles way too much. If you switch the output to Relay, rather than SSR, then it will not cycle as fast because it will assume that it has to let the relay settle some before actuating it again. For mine, that meant that it would stay active for a minimum of about 3-4 seconds before turning off. This stabilized my electric heating element so much more. After that, I was able to get the Auto Tune to tune very well using full PID. So, you don't really need to turn off the proportional part, you just have to slow it down some and that will still give you some good results, at least, better than ON-OFF control.
I don't think so... the Controller I received was a MYPIN TD4 which has the same basic Thermocouple/RTD inputs, which are all mostly linearly related to temperature. A NTC 100K sensor has a more complicated, non-linear relationship to temperature that would be harder to process. From looking inside, I think these controllers just multiply the sensor signal by a constant to convert it to temperature. Google up "mypin TA4" to find some information and manuals for the controller. A small type K thermocouple works fine---Search amazon for a "type k thermocouple" and find one with a small un-cased bead on the end if you want to go that route.
Sorry, it could not switch between Heating and Cooling outputs automatically but manually.
no
I just received mine 8/25/2014 and it was a td4 i called amazon and they said they would refund my money but it is a out side seller so they (Amazon)could not just send me the right one as an exchange all they could do is a refund. I wanted a td6 but I went ahead and used the 4 and it works fine 6 is just bigger size wise I think thats the only difference hope this helps
It will display C or F. You'll get a small print manual with the PID which covers the basics, and you can visit the website for more info if you want to see how to change between C and F.
I don't think so, the rating for output is 4 volts I think and only when its switched on but that depends on the input voltage, but it does need a fan, that heat sink isn't good enough for 240 at 25 amps full load
Here is a YouTube video that gives a pretty good tutorial to get the controller to do what you want: http://youtu.be/KtaLrs8ZVSo
Real easy. I had no prior electronics experience and followed the instructions and it worked great. I used it for an electric kiln.
yes,but very hard to understand.broken Chinese.by the way my name is bill George.
This device makes outside measurements, so you could use it to measure the outside diameter of the pipe, but not the inside diameter. On my unit, the maximum opening of the measurement surfaces is about 1.07 inches, and the unit is specified to measure 1 inch max. On very large pipe diameters you could also approximate the wall thickness, but the inside diameter of the pipe would need to be greater than one-half inch for the micrometer to even fit inside, and the measurement surface area is about one-quarter inch in diameter. (So the wall thickness of small pipes can't be measured accurately without doing some extra math to account for the curvature of the pipe wall.)
The ball is something you either use or not. To compensate for the ball or not you "calibrate" the tool, which is basically a "nulling" at any point you want to have as a reference. I believe mine came with the ball unattached, but in the box.
yes. It uses a CR2032 Lithium battery.
It will work. Very good quality mic for the money. FYI, there are mics out there made specifically for measuring soft materials. They have wider contact surfaces. Starrett comes to mind, there may be others.
Very accurate light weight and durable
yes. look up "igaging spc usb cable for micrometers" (on amazon), there's a picture of that cable with this accuremote micrometer plugged into the top (the flap hides the mini(?) usb port).
The low level inputs are optically coupled to the high power switched side. Note this switch is only suitable for AC as it appears to be an optically coupled TRIAC and will latch with DC.
Ok, I use it to turn on a 1500watt water heater and another to control an 8 amp pump.
this SSR needs 7.5ma in the input, you should be fine with arduino and RPi setups.
I have used solid state relays for heavy loads. Make sure your electrical load does not exceed the capacity of the relay. Two relays should be used for a 220 VAC power source. One for each power leg. Turning on both relays at the same time is no problem. On the other hand, I'd prefer using a 2 pole mercury relay that usually has a 120 VAC coil. Grainger carries such a unit. example: Item # 12N674 www.Grainger.com
yes, but your control power has to be dc. May be better off with a definate purpose contactor.
I have been using it to control a chest freezer compressor, which I believe to be an inductive load, for two months now and it's going strong. Check the current ratings on the fans, but I think you'd be okay.
When I purchased them, they did come with heat sinks -
Yes, it is. The datasheet: http://www.anv.com.tw/pdf%5Ccs-SSR.pdf
If you value the sound quality over the functionality the answer is yes, but the differences are subtle sound refinements. The V1.2 has sound subtleties or refinements that puts the Dragonfly on par with the competition like HRT Microstreamer, witch is said to posses the smoother sound and also the most detailed, but that it is also slower and a bit less exiting. The V1.0 has a sound that has been qualified as a bit harsh. It has "attack", its fast and this is good for rock or jazz but produces more fatigue on longer sessions. The V1.2 is smoother and this can be heard with the ATM50.
There won't be any performance advantage with USB3 port because data transfer to Dragonfly is well below maximum transfer rate for USB2. If you have any USB3 devices, such as external hard drive, you might as well reserve that port for them because they can use much higher transfer rate and data is simultaneously bi-directional.
No, you would get a cable that takes the small headphone plug and has a stereo rca out. I got one for my daughter so she can run an integrated amp. I think we bought an Audioquest cable for about $35 that works very well.
No; you cannot at this time. DF requires a powered USB input and can only function via computer or properly configured AV device such as a receiver equipped with USB.
You need a 3.5mm jack to RCA cable. You can then plug the RCA's into your amplifier. It's exactly the same cable you would use to plug an iPhone into your stereo.
If you have a usb port you put this in that port and then plug headphones into dragonfly thereby bypassing soundcard in computer
it bypasses the built-in DAC, so you're passing through the full WAV or AIFF file to your audio equipment. If you're playing on headphones, you will hear the difference - but the real value comes when you pass the file off to high end audio equipment.
Either will work. If you plug into the pre-amp your PC can be one of the components you can select to hear.
I really dont know but i imagine the newer versions may be slightly more open sound i'm happy with the original, though it does have a fantastic effect on music files with a good set of headphones
I need more information, but the dac in this is great .put your head phones into end of dac and usb end into computer, it bypasses souncard in computer and you listen thru dac, I have a audio friend who has a store and he told me about it.
Sorry i cannot help you on that one. I do not know.
Actually, it will raise up to about 45 1/2 inches, maybe even 46.
There was no instruction manual, just a sheet of paper with a diagram. If the top doesn't stay where you put it then you probably just need to screw it down with more force.
Yes, in the utilities section you can sync the two channels and then set the phase difference with a 0.1 degree of resolution.
1 micro-hertz
No. But it does remember the last frequency after being powered off
Despite the model number advertised, I received the Chinese model. I believe warranty service will be a problem. If you can afford to wait, I recommend ordering direct from rigolna.com
If you are referring to DC coupling, then yes it does.
I found an NRC certification on their website. it only mentions Alpha radiation. Here's the link - http://hq-precision-instruments.com/HQ_PRECISION_INSTRUMENTS/NRC_Certification.html
No
We tested @ VA Hospital it failed at all levels and types of radiation (does not work)
DR#927, also go online an download the operation manual, it's posted on the web, it's free and has all the information you need. Jack C.
Four quarts in a gallon. This 28+ quart basket is equal to about 7 gallons so you would use an 8 gallon bag.
Stealth, Hefty's 8 gallon twist ties' trash bags are durable and perfectly sized for this bin. They work pretty well. No worries of tears when it's time to empty out the container. You can purchase these bags at Amazon. Thanks for contacting me ;)
Brown grocery sacks with or without plastic bags on them work perfectly...
Yes
I was not able to find a lid for this can.
Moli, this wastepaper basket doesn't include one. But I search and discover that Amazon does have a couple of swing top lids. The one that closely pairs with this item is the RUBBERMAID COMMERCIAL FG267360 BLACK SLIM JIM RECTANGULAR TRASH CAN SWING LID. It measures 11.38 inches in width and it costs $31.49 with free shipping. The basket's width measurement is 10.25. The other lids are far too wide and made for larger size garbage cans. I really don't know Moli if this commercial lid will fit evenly with this basket but it's the only one available I can find. And I find the price obviously too expensive for this $5.00 receptacle. If you're looking for a wastebasket with a swing lid, my best bet is THE UMBRA GRAND 10 GALLON BLACK WASTE CAN. It measures 13x13 by 26 inches and it has a flip swing door lid. Costs $18.00 with free shipping. Thanks for contacting and allowing me to assist you. ;)
Roughly 7" by 10"
The widest point at the top the dimensions are 15 5/8" x 10 1/5". At the bottom 12" x 8". The height is 21".
There is no indication it is fire resistant. If it was, it would say so, either on the product or the product information.
I don't know I don't own one. But the Oreck sure works great.
I saw Tn. On sticker on side of machine. No where did I see made in China or any where else .
The belt hasn't broken since we have owned the vacuum so I would lean towards no on that.
Very simple - 2screws to mount together the stand with handle, not complicated at all
47.5" tall.
I have found that the Oreck bags attach easily and firmly. I bought this vacuum cleaner more than a year ago, and I am still very pleased with its performance and simplicity of design and facility.
No, but I use it all the time on my hardwood floors with no problem. Same with the kitchen tile. This is a great vacuum, especially if you have pets.
Oreck will repair or replace , free of charge, to the original purchaser, any part which is found to be defective material or workmanship within one year of the date of purchase. This limited warranty covers the revolving roller brush for thirty days for commercial use only.
It started out like it was floating above the carpet, so easy that I didn't think it was working. It was, the bag was filling with dust, dirt etc. Now, for some reason, it is very hard to push (less than one year old) and nothing broke. Hope that helps.
As far as I can tell, they will replace a defective part within one year. This according to the manual I received with mine. So far, mine is doing o.k., but receives less than average use. Good Luck!
It doesn't. Not for me anyway. Way to hard to push on carpet. I would say it is just for hard floors.
I have not needed to purchase one yet, but found the part listed via an internet search http://www.cleaningstuff.net/cleaningsupplies/All/19612/Oreck-Compacto-Motor-Filter-Black.htm?gclid=CI6kmtvwu7gCFWho7AodGVYAVQ
It's not working good it sometimes stop working but the green switch is on I don't understand why it stop I was thinking in return
I don't see why not. It is heavy duty enough to handle it.
Not this. Just use a tile and grout cleaner and those Magic eraser sponges are awesome. Don't use simple green cleaner because it colors the grout!
It works great on my grooved & textured ceramic tile floors using using the floor cleaner recommended by Oreck but you must use old towels or rags to wipe up the liquid/dirt before it dries.
1 year manufacturer. The bearings go out after 2 years of normal commercial use
Nothing but the pad/brush adapter piece, was included with mine. I bought a separate kit including brush, pads and cleaning solution. Good luck
I am not sure what a drive block pad is but the pad attached easily. I did buy the Oreck Orbiter Stone Floor Value Kit which included a "scrubber" thick bristles and a pad for shinning up floor as well as cleaning solution. Both the scrubbing attachment and pad attached with no issues. I reccommend buying the appropriate floor kit dependent upon what floor type you have. If you are buying this to clean grout you will need the scrubber attachment.
The black drive pad does come with the machine. The actual pads do not come with the machine.
I have travertine floors and it works beautifully. Get the white pad to polish your floors. If you're looking to rehone the marble, get some diamond gorilla pads. Do some research on how to bring the wet look back. It's not hard. I got the wet look back on my travertine with the gorilla pads.
It would work great with the Oreck Commercial 237047 Crimped Polypropylene Scrub Orbiter Brush. I love my Oreck!!
It just spins in one direction only and you move it over an area, making multiple passes until you get feel its done. We have a particularly smooth laminate floor. Works great!
I would contact Oreck directly at http://demandware.edgesuite.net/aajc_prd/on/demandware.static/Sites-oreck-Site/Sites-oreck-Library/default/v1423575765381/images/warranties/warranty-upright-commercial.pdf
Our Janitor experienced the same problem. She has been pulling it backwards to clean floors.
Not that we know of.
1 year parts and labor.
You need to buy a disposable paper begs which goes inside the Cloth bag. The paper bags are mounted directly on the Plastic outlet on the bottome part of the cloth bag.
I'm not sure if this will help but I had the smaller one that came with my last vacuum that I bought and I used it untill it was worn out. I liked it because it was light and easy to use everywhere. I decided that I would buy the commercial compact and it has a much heavier cord and it may be a little more powerful but other than that, I don't see too much difference.
It's not bad - no, not noisy like a shop vac!
Only difference I can detect is that the cord is longer and heavier gauge, and their is only a single telescoping length adjustable wand on the commercial. Both machines are equally powered, I believe. Before I purchased the commercial, I had the same question and looked in the Oreck catalog and was surprised that no mention of either machine was present. I love this machine for quickly doing my 600 square feet of laminate floor and small area rugs at the same time.
The bags I got from Amazon were genuine Oreck disposable CELOC Double Wall Hypo-Allergenic Filter System Bags. They will fit all Oreck Compact Canister Models.
Greater power and versatility....attachments are attached and place for cord to,be rewound on body of vacuum. I have both and would always go with the Pro5 Oreck.
Yes, the rear of the canister is engineered so that the exhaust air is concentrated into a short pipe upon which the user can fit the hose and use the machine as a blower.
Not much, they are both as powerful, but the commercial one has a very long cord and it is heavier duty. Other than that I have one of each and they seem to be pretty much the same
Yes, it came with several just to get you started.
Yes, mine did, and I find it very helpful.
No it doesn't.
This amazing manufacturing facility of Oreck Corporation are located in, Cookeville, Tennessee. You can tell its American made, because their is meticulous time taken into its creation. We have now had this vacuum working at top quality and use it in our home three times a week, with no problems. Truly, American Made!
Un-zip the bag holder and replace the bag.
No it does not use disposable bags a d yes the belt they offer fits.
Yes. However, as an Oreck representative explained to me, it's for commercial use so it only has one layer of dust protection (because maids throw the bag away often and hotels don't want to pay more than they have to). This one will work, but you might prefer to get the higher quality ones with 5 layers of dust protection. However, they do cost a lot more, and that's why. I used both, and I could smell the dust from the cheaper bags.
Think so
Yes that seems to be the one I bought.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure. I have the XL2200RS and they do not fit this vacuum.
Yes
Why don't the bags fit?? Well, they do, but you have to be sure that they click into the fitting at the top. While I was trying to do just that with my Oreck, which requires some pushing, the vacuum handle fell away from me and the bag ripped. I had to get new outer bag to replace the one that had ripped. Poor construction.
No I got them and they don't fit
Yes
Its the bag I bought for my commercial sweeper its looks just like the bag that came with it
It would be wise to call Oreck.
Sorry I can not say if it will work or not. I was very fortunate and the belt fits on mine. I would probably give it a try what do you have to lose it might work. Lydia
It does not appear compatible.
Hi, I didn't mention U2000. Maybe that is in the description of the product. I bought these for an XL2000 & have had no problem.
I could not just pull the clip and replace the wheels. They do not fit the standard US wagon axle size
I bought a regular, full size cart (like my grandma had) and purchased these wheels to replace the regular wheels that were on it.. I received my wheels and was disappointed when the centers were to small to fit.. NO, they don't fit!
sorry,do not know model,my three-wheeled cart has a blue removable bag and folding handle,triple wheel held onto axle with clip pin,fit perfectly
There should be a silver clip(u shaped) you'll remove from side of tires and then you pop off old tires and then pop on new and replace clip. Not sure if all types of carts with these tires are the same so I hope this helps.
The weight can be a full basket of about 1 cubic foot of assorted groceries. About 30 pounds before it has wobble difficulty on flat pavement. It has been fine up the stairs,. Lasting much longer than I thought when I first bought these, been very useful.
Yes it will fit. I used these wheels on my folding shopping cart that has a double let basket
approx 20-25#
They fit fine and snapped on in about 2 1/2 seconds.
With the proper mounting kit, it would work. According to Warn's website, they have a factory installed mount.
China
Dennis Kirk's selector tool recommends Warn part# 84704 ... however, I always recommend contacting Warn directly. They have an email and toll-free number right on their main website page and respond rather quickly.
No
Yes, however you will need a mounting bracket (no mounting equipment in the box). Warn recommends part# 68573 but you can check with a local Polaris dealer to get just the bracket without the full bumper. Warn and Polaris brackets should be interchangeable.
Yes. Use the separate Warn bracket for your ATV to install.
You will need a mounting plate for the winch that is specific to your atv. Warn makes mounting plates for just about anything out there. As far as wiring goes, everything you should need is in the box with the winch. Make sure you follow the instructions thoroughly! Set some time aside because it is going to be a 5-6 hour job. Good luck!
Don't know. I have an 08 artic cat that came factory with mount. I would call Warn direct. they have excellent customer service.
Don't no for sure.... Fit perfect on my 420 rancher. Maybe frame is same.
Hi, yes this winch fit perfect for your grizzly
All I can say is that it comes with a handle bar mount.
It says it is. I like mine. Also check out the viper winches. Better price and you can order with a mount. I have two if them. Work great. With money u save buy a wireless remote. Hope i helped
Warn does not offer one for the Mule's of that age.
This winch comes with everything needed to properly wire to your machine.
Yes it will, you just have to make sure you get the correct mounting plate. Go to warn web site and find part number for mounting plate for your grizzly. Then I would order it on amazon, it will be cheaper.
Perfect for this ATV
Yes, with the mount kit specifically for a 660 Grizzly.
Yes it's ready to connect and use
Your boat and trailer are supported by the wheels and axle of the trailer. When you attach the trailer to your car (or truck) to pull it you lift the tongue of the trailer. How much weight is that? 50 or 60 pounds ? So, if this is true, the dolly will easily hold the ball-end of the trailer. Now, are you on smooth level hard ground or pavement? The question is, are you personally able to push or pull the dolly and trailer and boat. The dolly will not break, but are you strong enough to roll the boat and trailer? You must decide this yourself by lifting the tongue of the trailer and trying to push it without the dolly. OK?
17 in's to top of ball, needs to be higher (20-24 in's) would be better. Also the wheels are too small.
20lbs. Very light weight but sturdy
You can bolt on any ball you want I believe.
Tire size is 4.10/3.50-6
Just measured it Dennis and it's 24". And just as a sidenote, I'm using moving around a tent camper with an 800# tongue weight. Works great as long as it's on a solid surface. But tough to move on soft ground.
You need a 9 1/2 stopper. These are nice flasks.
Yes it
no but it is borsilicate glass, or at least the one i was sent was. its basically the same thing
While I do not own this mini-stirrer, I believe it will work. I purchased the Stir Starter Magnetic Stir Plate and the 5L flask for propagating yeast and it works fine. The Hanna HI 190M-1 seems to be a much better (but more expensive) stirrer.
I received Bomex. The glass was full of bubbles, lines, and other flaws. It looks like garbage and I don't think I have the nerve to put heat to the thing. It's being returned tomorrow.
This flask is not ground for a glass stopper so therefore a glass stopper cannot be used. However, a #10 rubber stopper is the correct size for the flask.
I think I used a 46-50mm foam stopper
No
Not sure but I think they are universal for all smitty built winches. It plugs into my 8k no problem
It doesn't have prongs. It looks exactly like a speakon connector. It is circular with a smaller circle connection inside.
No it will not.
Yes
I have a XRC 8, I am not sure if it fits the 10. I am pretty sure it would though.
There are no prongs, this is a Smittybilt connector, with a plastic outside tube over a plastic inside cylinder, containing two metal contacts on the inside of the plastic tube and two contacts on the outside of the inside cylinder. There are 3 wires connected to 3/4 contacts to the remote joystick.
It plugs directly to the top of the winch. All the schematics are on smittybuilts website you can review.
The ingredients list Redmond Clay and salt. The toothpaste feels very smooth when I brush my teeth. It does not foam up like traditional toothpaste.
yes... it is made with the Redmond Clay.
They have this answered on their FAQs. You can find their explanation here: redmondclay.com/2013/why-is-there-a-warning-sticker-on-redmond-clay/
No...you scrub back and fourth
After some trial and error in a professional body shop here is the method we developed that will blow you away.... (For mega ultra crazy dirty soiled cars) 1) Pretreat entire seat with Oxyclean. Get it very damp to wet, don't be shy. Let it sit for 5-7 mins. 2) Load machine with 5 parts Folex 1 part water. (see Folex reviews here, buy in HD/Lowes at half the price.) 3) Spray whole seat with (warm) folex mix from wand. Now you're officially wet. (ie soaked) 4) WORK IT IN BY HAND THEN A BRUSH... (like a 6 inch brush) Scrub a dub dub... 5) Vac Vac Vac Vac water up. Move wand slower than you think. 6) THE REAL MAGIC... Get a spray bottle with plain very warm water. Soak with lots of warm water (brush) then vac... And watch that crud just fly out the seat. 7) Repeat step 6. 8) now one more vac (slowly, get that water out) and you're done. OK now your seats will be wet... And BTW you'll be getting the seats WAY wetter than you probably thought you ever would... but park it in the sun for few hours and it will dry... and/or put a big fan on the seats. Plan on not driving until the next day. (park overnight with windows open and fan on, the seat will dry but you gotta help them, don't close up car and walk away) We pull the seats out the car and dry them in the direct sun... If you have the ability this is the best bet. Or maybe do two seats in morning and let dry all afternoon... point being, get it dry before you close car up. The above process on a minivan will take you basically a whole day of labor... but the results will amaze you.
Not very heavy at all, I mean you feel it but it can't weigh more than a regular vaccuum
I have this on my upright Bissell carpet cleaner and don't recommend it. It operates on suction power and even with a little pressure on the carpet it will slow down and stop. It just as easy to manually move the included brush back and forth to clean the carpet.
I leave the clean water tank ready to rock, however, I do clean out the dirty tank after each use! This machine works great!
I have cleaned our micro fiber couch just be careful not to use to much water on regular cloth material Anything underneath it will be harder to remove the water. I've even cleaned my stairs with it great machine. Side note I use the hottest tap water I can get.
Yes, I did...also chairs. It worked like a charm! Just follow the directions. I did LOTS of research before finally buying this item, & I'm so glad I did. I treat it with "kid gloves", because it's my favorite cleaning tool. (& I've spent plenty on regretted purchases). After the sofa dries, I spray t gently with Fabreez & put a couple dryer sheets (Snuggle or Bounce, etc.) under the seat cushions to keep it smelling fresh.
I think it would do a great job on the area rugs - it really wouldn't take all that long. I used it on my indoor/outdoor rugs I have in the kitchen and it did a good job
I have only used this once. I can't tell the difference between this and the Green machine which is a lot less expensive. This thing is an overpriced piece of junk. The extraction is non existent. You would be better off with a spray bottle and a shop vac. I gave this 1 star because I could not give it a zero. So getting all the water out is the least of my concerns. Return it if possible.
No you can use any cleaner.
1.4" from the bottom of the connectors to the top of the switch lever is accurate.
yes these are great switches on-off-on i use them for head lights, parking, cab, air compressure for air horns, back up beeper and lots of chicken lights on truck
No they are not. The contacts are too wide.
Yes it will work, however the quality of the switches is lousy. Out of the 4 only 1 was still intact when I received it.
yes it will
No, they dont. Once in any given position they stay there until moved to another.
I don't know that specific amplifier, but as long as it uses either 5V (USB port) or 12V and doesn't draw more than about 15 Watts it should work well. I use it to run a small FM transmitter in a dance hall and it is good for several 3-hour dances.
No
4Ah @12v and 800mAh @ 5v
yes that should work you'll just have to rig up the wiring to connect it via USB cable
Yes. 6800mAh is 6.8 Ampere-hours at 12V. It should therefore be able to run at 1.5 amperes for more than four hours. I wouldn't run it much higher than that, though. 1.5 Amps is a lot of current for that little battery. I routinely run a 3800mAh unit (=3.8 Ampere-hour) at 0.9 Amp for over four hours.
Below it says Dimension: 109mm X 65mm X 26mm. Converted to inches: 4.25" x 2 9/16" x 1"
Im not 100 percent shure, but im allmost positive it can
I don't know of an online diagram for it. I just checked all of my assumptions on a multimeter, rather than trusting documentation. If you have specific questions, I will be happy to help.
Yes, it Does. But you have to change the fuse to 20A.
This needs a power cord with a "computer end" on it. Sorry I don't know the correct technical name but the typical computer power cord will plug into it&gt; Greg
Use the ohm function of your multimeter to check for continuity.
Don't know. I just used heat shrink tubing over the terminal connections.
Not sure I understand your question exactly..... I use it connected to an old laptop 12V power transformer which in turn is wired through a fuse block and then on to a muffin fan (to dissipate heat buildup in the bottom of a plastic toolbox) used to charge RC batteries. The external socket on the IEC320 goes to a 110V power socket to power the charger box and us used to provide power to the charger box.
the light needs both a neutral and a hot. In my setup I only interrupt the hot. I have the hot wired through the switch and a neutral wired on the other side for the light. If you look closely you can see small wires that lead to the light on the conductors protruding from the rear.
1.875" x 1.125"
http://www.aerusvacuums.com/support/manuals/
You would need the brown scrub brushes they are a optional part.. Use with the Aerus tile cleaner then the tile polish... And yes it needs to be mopped afterwards
go to aerus web page
No. This meter is not a process meter. Process meters have an accuracy of about 0.2% for the 20mA range, this one is 1.5%. There are a few more detailed reasons, but to do any sort of instrument work you need a process meter like a Fluke 789 or an Extech PRC.
I had it fail to read continuity twice, rendering it not trustworthy, and the beep is fairly delayed. It is certainly not as fast as a Fluke 115/117. I returned mine.
It can measure resistance in ohms if that is what you are looking to do
I cannot verify accuracy but the capacitance ranges include nF scale with a minimal value increment of 10pF.
Yes
yes you can
That doesn't make any sense? And it could be impedence not the meter. Get a wiggy to test out high impedence circuits. Make sure you are selecting the correct voltage type on the wheel! There are two types per selection
Yes, it does come with the temp probe
I'm not sure but over had mine 2 years with no issues. Been dropped a few times, always reads accurately. I've compared it side by side with a fluke 789
I wish I could answer that completely. All I know is it is made by fluke so I would assume that where ever the fluke boards are made this board is made also. Hooe that helps.
If your TV has an optical output, it is extremely likely that it is TOSLINK. TOSLINK is the name of a physical connection standard. You'll see other acronyms that refer to the protocol carried over that connection. SPDIF refers to one layer of the digital protocol that can be carried over a TOSLINK connector. You'll also see a reference to PCM (Pulse Code Modulation) which refers to one of the formats of audio that can be transferred using SPDIF. This device requires that your TV be able to output PCM over the TOSLINK optical link. Many TV's let you set PCM output but some do not. Make sure that yours does before you purchase this device. My Samsung tv permits this and this device has worked perfectly for many months.
It should come with a power adapter, i just bought this ( Orei DA21X Premium Optical SPDIF/Coaxial Digital to RCA L/R Analog Audio Converter with 3.5mm Jack Support Headphone/Speaker Outputs) and it had one, a very good product, had it for 2 days and i am loving it
Cosmetics. They have the same specs and function equally well. The less expensive one comes with no cable.
Something like these for the analogue audio http://www.amazon.com/Emotiva-MRCA-1-0-RCA-Cable/dp/B00DMI06B0/ref=sr_1_416?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1394099870&sr=1-416&keywords=rca+cable If you are using the SPDIF via coax, something like this http://www.amazon.com/Monoprice-102681-Quality-Digital-Coaxial/dp/B001V52PSI/ref=sr_1_5?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1394100005&sr=1-5&keywords=digital+coax+cable If you are using the SPDIF via optical, something like this http://www.amazon.com/Cable-Matters-Toslink-Digital-Connectors/dp/B004CANMCM/ref=sr_1_10?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1394100154&sr=1-10&keywords=toslink+optical+cable
Some headphones have a volume adjustment on them otherwise if you have the device connected properly you should be able to turn the volume up on the tv you are connected to. You also might have to turn off the internal tv speaker setting on your tv when using this with newer tvs
This model will only convert stereo audio. Make sure your Blu-ray player has an option to set the output to stereo instead of 5.1/7.1 surround. The Orei DA34 will accept 5.1 channel input
No, this doesn't work that way. It works the opposite. It inputs from an optical signal and outputs an analog signal from the 3.5mm jack. I Don't believe it'll go in the opposite direction. This is what you need:
try to reset the device by unplugging it and plugging it back in. also, make sure you take the tiny protective cover off of the end of the optical cord that plugs into your tv. its small and very hard to see.
The DA21 is not compatible with all of the Panasonic models, especially if the TV doesn't have an option to output Audio in PCM mode.
The DA34 decodes Dolby Digital 5.1 and outputs to standard Left/Right analog.
Yes you can. That is what I connected.
DA21 only support PCM audio input. Will not work with Dolby audio signal. Most of movies and blurays use dobly audio and not PCM.
I think the internals are exactly the same (but I haven't verified). I think the only difference is the DA34X is metal and the DA34 is plastic.
Yes, you do need external power. A power supply is provided.
You are not supposed to connect directly big "regular" headphones to Orei DA34 decoder : the output impedance, although not specified (500 Ohms ?), is likely too high for anything bigger than "earphones". You should use an intermediate line-&gt;headphone amplifier, with built-in volume control. Note that some wireless headphones such as the Sennheiser RS160 provide volume control directly on the headphones.
No, all digital signals are converted to analog 2.0 channel stereo
This is connection for the included 5V DC adapter on the input side of the DA21.
Optical in and RCA 2 channel out. This is the reason for the unit to convert digital (optical) to analog (RCA 2 channel typically). Works great.
Size is very small like 2-1/2" square X about 3/4" high. Connect to TV with Optical Toslink cable and then out with regular RCA cables to amp or receiver or whatever you need regular analog input. I mounted my OREI 34 behind my flat panel TV. Thus far it has worked great...no issues and would buy again without hesitation.
The most difficult time for electronics is power up. The second most damaging is heat. Use a surge protection device for power and keep the area around it free of other heat causing devices. Consider placing the unit on a heat sink such as a piece of metal. i.e. aluminum.
I do not know. I think you need to contact Bacharach concerning that.
Yes it can but avoid the idea of using this for automotive jobs. This unit is a recovery unit not to be used to put back in later like an automotive unit works etc.Thats why the big cost differences. Most chillers today are 134a and 407c you'll have no issues.
Yes but remember the highter operating pressures of 410 will take longer to recover. But I love this unit , cheap, lightweight. Day one I pulled 30 pounds of 22 on a 95 degree day in 30 min. It does 22, 410, 404, 507 and a few others, they are listed in the product info. Get it, it's a great unit
Yes.
I don't see a problem if it is a typical R-type refrigerant (R22/410/134 etc..) I believe things get a bit more specific when dealing with recyclers.. but this unit is recovery only. Of course, device specific adapters will have to be purchased or modified to connect the machine to the refrigerator.
surely does...
They are not truly flat. The bottom is slightly convex. If you tell me your application I may be able to give you a better answer.
Yes, the top and bottom are both glass and autoclavable.
Quickly measuring this mop is measures about 18" X 6" and handle is about 49 " long. It looks big but does the job beautifully and is thin and the swivel bottom makes it easy to store away weather hanging up, in closet or even between a small space.
Wash it. The efficient way to use microfiber is to own enough pads that they are swapped out when dirty and periodically washed with other microfiber products. This is the only way microfiber is used in hospitals and other commercial settings.
The mop head is 18" in length. It is about 5" wide. Works great on my hard wood floors to pick up the dust. The rotate function is a must for me as I need to "dust" under the sofa, the beds, and other misc pieces of furniture. In my opinion, the rotate function works well for me. I can move the mop head around and not always have to move me around. I like that I can use both sides, one for the hardwood to dust, the other to dust the kitchen floor, either dry or damp. It washes up great and is easy to put back on the mop head after washing and drying.... it fits. It is the best dust mop I have ever used. '
Comes out looking clean. We have a dog that sheds a lot and it's not that noticeable after a wash.
When getting up against something like a tub or even the molding on the floor, you might need to reposition it while you are pushing it. I find that on occasion it doesn't move the way I need it to, but it is not a deterrent. It does the job. Also keep in mind that this is very wide. I am not sure how much space you have in your bathroom, but I find it cumbersome in my smaller bathrooms. Hope this helps. :)
Yeah, 360 degree rotation plus can flip mop part over.
Yes I use the micro cloth side to mop my laminate floor. I use Bona product. Be sure to wash and air dry your mop head prior to use.
I use pinesol and Murphy's wood oil soap with this all the time. I throw it in the washing machine to clean and then air dry it. Works great!
Mfg packaging is a cardboard sleeve so shipping box is whatever Amazon has available. Mine was about 6 inches square by 5 foot long to accommodate the handle.
No, it's best for damp mopping wood floors
the size of the mop head is 18" long and 6" wide.
I dont know for certain but i doubt it because the heads are a different size.
I mop with both sides - spray and mop. I turn it to the clean side when I think it's time and keep moping. I have ceramic floors so we sweep and mop.
one
I don't know what the velda is, but I do love the flip mop
I do not think so. If you buy the handle you will get one fiber by default.
There's a link to the refill under the "buy multiple items" section.
From what I read the process is similar to making kombucha and the strips worked great for me to measure the ph at two different points in the process
You dip one strip into whatever liquid you are testing for 5-10 seconds and then compare the color on the strip with the chart. If you put them into your mouth and they stay yellow that's great! That means your saliva is fairly neutral and that is normal. Saliva should range from 6-7 which is neutral.
Since the instructions are written in Chinese there is no way of knowing how long you're supposed to soak it. But since I was using it to test urine, I didn't let it soak. All the other brands of pH strips I have tried react immediately.
first thing in the morning before you have had anything to eat or drink which may affect the outcome. You can do it a couple hours in between meals and beverages as well but the best time is first thing in the morning.
Yes it can test other liquids.
I didn't count them, and a bad cat dunked one in a water bowl - the plastic wrapper was not water proof. I would guess about 50. They are made in china and there is no english writing on the pack. But for the price, they are fine. The colors are not quite as easy to read as shown - not as vivid on the paper if you are in the middle of the range, but they are great to tell you what side of neutral you are on.
If you are careful, dilutions can work. Suppose you make a mixuture 10-90 of tomato sauce and distilled water. What will be the pH of the result? One pH division from the original in the direction of pH 7. Soil is complicated. There are solids in soil that may not dissolve in water. OTOH, what does it mean to have a pH where the solute is not water? I don't know. So what I would do is cover 10% of soil with 90% of distilled water and test the pH. The result should be in the ballpark of the soil pH, but moved by 1 division in the direction of pH 7. These simple formula are approximately correct if your tomato sauce / soil have a pH far from 7. But if the formula (add or subtract 1) changes your solution from acid to base, then don't believe it. In this case, you must learn the details of pH and compute the dilution properly.
It was okay...lot better than the litmus paper I bought at a health food store.
As long as it's an aqueous liquid, it should work.
Hello Jeff, you can either urinate on the strips, place in your mouth and/or test on food/water, I personally don't think these strips are as accurate as I would like but give them a try, just wait for the color to appear on the strips and remember you want your body to me just slightly alkaline not above or below a balanced level I believe 7.3 is fine so 7 is balanced enough......take care
take your needle nose pliers and flatten out the leads so they will press all the way in, other wise they work their way out of the bread board.
I never found the datasheet. What I can tell you is that the power rating is also variable. If at or near midpoint I've pushed 2A just fine, but near the edge (small resistor side) it cant handle much at all before smoking. This is a good product for the price, but in opinion only appropriate for prototyping and not implementation. I hope this helps.
It's designed for a small flat blade screwdriver. But I guess if you took a piece of plastic in the shape of a shaft and whittled the end into a wedge, you could glue it and have what your looking for. I guess it all depends on your DIY skills.
NO... These are for printed circuit board , or through hole application. I have also used these on Proto Boards by twisting the pins to align with holes on Board. Also if your clever you can even use these as surface mount parts. You just have to position pins where you want them before soldering... :)
Yes but they are tiny...very tiny..the lids fit nice and tight.
No it's for 12 vials and 12 tops. That's what I recieved when I ordered them. I don't know why it says 100 in the quanty description, that would be pretty cheap for 4 dollars. Hope this helps
the main body (wide part) is 15 mm in height, overall height uncapped in 25 mm and about 28 mm capped. the diameter is about 13 mm and the diameter of the opening is about 8 mm. hope this helps
I'm not sure, honestly. They're pretty light, so I would imagine each one is less than 20g. I don't have an exact value for you, though, but they ARE actually glass, which will add a little weight.
The caps are not real sturdy so they tend to end up warped a little when tightened down, though they seem to still be watertight even through multiple opening/sealings. They're so inexpensive that it doesn't bother me, not very noticeable.
A 1/2 dram is 1/16 of an ounce or 1 ml.
There put in a padded envelope tightly . They all arrived intact for me
Im not sure what you are using the vials for but i have gotten boxes from other companies that these vials fit nicely into.
I think these would be great for acrylic paint. The opening is small so you wouldn't get too much, but the bottles are a softer squeezable plastic so you could easily squeeze them to get the amount you needed without the stiffer plastic suddenly giving under pressure and too much being dispensed too quickly. I think they'd be a good choice for you.
I admit don't know anything about algae, but I do know that these bottles have a very nice soft flexible plastic construction so I wouldn't see why they wouldn't freeze well. The tops are even nice to work with, when folded down they close nicely, but if frozen they may freeze closed therefore may need to thaw just a bit to use the flip-up dispenser to keep from cracking or breaking it.
Yes, both the container & lids.
Mine came in a big manilla envelope
Just about 5 inches in height and a tad under an inch and a half in diameter.
Hope so. We used them for honey with no problems so far. It's been several months.
a pulley with a hook, that you can string your cable through, hooking on to an object such as a tree, then running the cable back to your jeep doubling your winch capacity weight. or hang it from on something strong and use it for a hoist.
The cable is 21/64" (almost 3/8") and 100' long, with a useable length of about 95" (you never unspool the whole length). I had no problem pulling a full size Ford with a broken drive shaft off of a sand dune. Really love the winch!
As long as its not on free spool the cable will stay tight
Fits all standard winch plates and custom bumpers made for winches.
The kit has the leads and a fused link. The cables are around 6 ft long and 4 gauge. For a 20ft run you'll definitely need to use at least 2 gauge wire. I know there are serval kits avaalble.
Yes you will need a mounting plate or bumper mount for it. Excellent winch to have!!!
No it can't. Superwinch actually has a warning in the manual about it. The drum gets to hot and can potentially melt synthetic rope.
The fairlead is about 5 inches tall and the mounting bolts are half way up on each end. You need to be able to support it properly so that during use if the cable goes full left or right or up or down it won't come loose . depends on if your welding it on and where as to the function of the fairlead. Hard to say what yours is gonna look like but it needs to be strong and not let the cable drag over it at all.
Yes it will, i have a chevy silverado 3500 dually and it will pull it with no problem!
Yes
Yes it does
Thanks for contacting us, the device lifelong free update. thanks.
Really no, the product after three month, did not function more.......and we have send a lot of email to amazon and we have not done answer......my recomendation is not to buy it.....
Everything u need for a home mahcanic maintainance it's really worth it!!!
15 lbs
I have problems to connect me with some brands
Yes it does
At least for Daewoo/Rezzo and Chrysler/super voyager, it works very well. Also has a lot of connectors for other vehicles. Ioannis
I got different kind of Lagun set, I am really dissapointment this shopping, no answer for my question from seller, info from Amazon that seller close account, no help of all!!! I go for help to auto shops they told me I bought copy, they can help
hello. my friend wrote to the person you bought it, I also returned it, in my case not allowed to check the equipment. write you direct them. Sorry
These were REALLY tough to find! You want the filter for the NV80. These will fit the UV420 Navigator that was sold at costco. They are ovals - NOT round. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BCN6E54/ref=ox_ya_os_product_refresh_C
This model is sold in the US so it uses 110V/120V
The Shark Navigator Professional will not work properly on thicker or high nap carpets. As a matter of fact non of Sharks vacuums work on thicker or high nap carpets. Tile and rugs like Berber the shark does and excellent job. I believe the instructions that cone with the Shark also state that it doesn't work well on thicker or high nap carpets.
Yes it works well on Berber carpet without damaging it . But it doesn't work well on high nap rugs, like shag and plush. It also has a switch that toggles between rugs or a tile surface We love the Shark Navigator that we have, best vacuum we ever purchased
We've never changed the filters. The hepa filter hasn't needed it yet and the foam one we just clean with soapy water and dry with a blow dryer and reuse. Sorry I couldn't be or more help.
Not sure. It's a great Vacuum. You will be pleased with your purchase. I have this vacuum and the Shark Rotator. I spent more money on the Rotator then the Navigator. I love the Shark Navigator much more!!!
Brush only turns when the power switch is in the second position, and you move the handle backwards. Then you get a green light (brush moving) or a red light (brush stuck).
Shark. Call the number in owners manual
There are clips on the top and bottom of the canister that hold it in place, but only one release button at the top.
I have had my cleaner over a year and all you need to do is wash it in the sink let dry and it's good as new.
A second thought. You could remove a 1/4" of wood or so and then attach the bulkhead. What is on the liquid side to prevent a leak? I am thinking some kind of liner or wood sealant.
The thread is a strange metric size, approximately M34X1.75, which matches nothing I know of. Easiest to just glue the 3/4 PVC into the pipe, with a threaded adapter to 3/4NPT, if you need to break the connection.
O.D. lip to lip is 2"
I haven't tried them in the side, but they should work they are strong enough to be able to torque them down to make a seal. They will flatten the bucket enough to do so, for insurance you can use some silicone to make sure it will seal. Hope that helps. Al
These fittings have a 3/4 inch slip fitting that a short piece of PVC pipe can be glued into. You can then use another fitting that is slip on one side and threaded on the other and use a 3/4 screw cap fitting.
Hi, sorry Jason we do not have the size you are looking for.
It's a little shorter than what the normal size would be. I think it's a perfect size. And I have had no problems with mine.
This equipment not have a good quality after two Months no function
Yes you can. But it's not worth the buy the switch is going to disintegrate in no time.
It is plastic.
Yes, it uses 2 AA batteries.
No. There is no portal for bulb attachment.
No. I do not see any difference except in color.
what color is the light?
The replacement probe is about $400
This one cannot be used without the external probe. The probe has the sensor...But you can buy the other one with the built in sensor in the back of the unit. Personally I like the probe better..
It is ready to use the company suggests yearly calibration it works great
The much larger sensor size catches more particles and thus produces a more accurate reading, and can create a reading where some less sensitive devices will create none.
No. In fact, nothing should come into contact with the metal screen that protects the sensitive mica sensor. The screen is fragile. The mica sensor is even more fragile. The wand is not meant to be submersible.
I have no idea never used it
Yes, you can put the shelves at any height
The wheels add about 2 inches each. Since they would typically be pointed in the same direction, like this: bb, the overall depth would be approx. 16 inches. If, for some reason, they are pointed in opposite directions, like this: db, then it would be around 18 inches. However, if the wheels are pointing to either side, instead of front or back, they would add about 0.5 inches to the depth each, so overall it would be approx. 15 inches deep in such an instance. In summary, depending on how the wheels are pointed, the depth could vary from around 18 to 15 inches.
with the caster, would not use without them though.
1 inch
It does not come with adjustable feet. Since it has plastic caps to receive the casters, the casters could just be left off.
I have put multiple palates of Costco water on one shelf and it seems to do just fine. I am sure it would hold more if you were to put more on it. Exact weight? I am not sure...
Yes
No
That's what I'm going to use it for.
We carry all spare parts and ship them from our warehouse in MI by UPS. Please check our store on amazon.com Slavic Beauty
I bought it, it does not work at all, the milk pours out of holes in the sides and the bottom, I emailed them and followed the videos and info and it didn't help at all I will be sending it back, but I will have to pay return shipping out of country to do this, I do not recommend this item AT ALL. it is poorly made and does not work.
Hi, homogenized milk won't separate.
have only used it for cow and goat
Try knocking on it from all 4 sides with something. It should help
Please tell me which seller did you buy from. We always include a plug adapter. Our seller ID: slavicbeauty
Hi, not sure what the big vat is made of, it definitely is not metal. The casing where the motor is housed is metal so is the centrifuge container where the milk is separated. Ours never worked, the motor burnt out within one month of use; we touched base with the company and responded in Russian. I used Google translate and their message essentially said that many people use it successfully...
Yes it is. Mine came with an additional plug for use in the USA. It is easy to use once you get the hang of it. I highly recommend that you watch the video on utube. It was very helpful as the instructions that came in the package were not very helpful.
I'm not familiar with the inputs on the soundbar, but as long as it has an optical in, this will do the trick.
You have to buy a "ViewHD Premium HDMI to HDMI + Audio | Audio Extractor | Converter (SPDIF + RCA L/R)" or similar on, plug Google Chromecast to ViewHD's hdmi input and connect ViewHD's output to TV with hdmi cable; connect ViewHD's audio left/right to your amplifier. Very simple!
J, I have it behind an AppleTv box via the HDMI output. It extracts the audio via the RCA outputs (the audio is still sent through the HDMI cable). It is not hardware dependent, it will work behind a DVD player (tried it and it worked) and will work with Roku box via the HDMI output. The Bose system has to have RCA audio in and it should be no problem. Dave
From what source?
Forget all the rest of these answers. This device contains a unidirectional pathway. It even has input and output printed on it, and there is a reason for that. Data is restricted to flow in only one direction. You can not even send video alone backwards through it, let alone re/combine video with sound. It will also not allow for ARC data flow since it blocks the return path. This also has a USB power input. This will not change anything. As far as I can tell, you don't even need the USB. I don't use it at all.
am sorry i can't help you i don't know
Printing custom hand grips for pistols that are recast in resin is about as close as I get. Printing a part that sees any stress on a gun is suicidal in my opinion. Strong plastic in one direction, snaps like a cracker in another.
It is pretty much ready out of the box. It has a few steps to do but you can be printing in a hour or two. It is sold as the most ready to print printer.
If you mean "Can you print from it with an Android device", the answer is no. The software is Windows or Mac. Unless you're only downloading models from GradCAD, you'll need a 3D CAD program to make models. One option if Cubify (formerly Alibre/GeoMagic).
It comes from Octave, so you can see thier return policy on thier website. I've been very pleased and amazed by the completeness. It even included a pair of gloves for removing hot items and a few tools.
No! Not even one. They were packaged well
i think i got one per order.. be sure you have the correct size #2 etc... i bought a bunch only to find out they were wrong... also consider replacing the gas mantle with a LED conversion.. i finally ended up doing that and my gas bill plummeted...
If you have an outdoor gas light i.e. a gas light installed in your garden or patio then you need to buy SKU 7998680 using the link below: http://www.amazon.com/AMERICAN-MANTLE-COMPANY-INC-7998680/dp/B000KKML98/ref=aag_m_pw_dp?ie=UTF8&m=A319VM7TEOJ370 If you have an indoor gas light i.e. a gas light inside a log cabin or an RV Camper the you need to purchase SKU 7998748 using the following link: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008M6B33C
23 mm
Honestly I'm not at home to compare and comment
Sorry, I don't know. All our gas lights use the #8 and I had no need to check into a #2.
These casters have a simple steel shaft as an axle, with no bearings or bushings, just the hard rubber wheel. Any sustainded high speed spinning or heav load would arguably create enough heat to ruin the wheels. They are great little castors for their intended use.
There was no data on the website or on the material accompanying the casters as to the official weight tolerance. However, we have installed them on a trundle bed, which includes our grandchildren jumping up and down on it, and so far they have worked well.
No Kayaking Grandma two are fixed, and 2 turn 360 degrees. Similar to how grocery carts, cars or tool chests work, you have a full 360 degree motion based on the length of your unit which marks the turn radius. Based on how you install them will make the difference, if you drive you know how much more complex is to parallel park versus backing up or driving into a parking spot. So you would install them based on how you plan to move the unit, and how good you're at parking your car :). I put my fix casters on the side against the wall so I can pull the unit out and fine tune how close is to the wall and side objects. I used mine to replace cheap casters that came with a wood stand and these are very good quality, and work very well with a heavy load.
No, no smell at all! These are heavy duty too! I could not be more happy with my purchase.
2"
it is about 1-5/8" square. I know current 2x4's are 1-1/2" x 3-1/2". The base of the casters will overhang in one direction and not in the other.
Haven't noticed a problem with this my nose being distant from the source when I use then.
I am sorry to say we cannot remember what we did with the casters. If we do remember I will post the answer. However we do not remember getting any casters that smell bad. Margaret
It will fall and hit the ground.
We are required to charge for the .2 percent of the Aerogel that is NOT air. We aren't charging for the box! In all seriousness, there is a minimum shipping charge for all orders. Thanks for the excellent question!
Aerogel is really cool. I liken it to a fine crystal wine glass. It is so strong that you can put a heavy book on it, but just a little wrong tap will shatter it. Aerogel will chip and crack from just handling it, especially incorrectly. Keep it flat in your hand and don't pinch it to pick it up.
PET
they are PREFORMS their extruded (FORMED) size is different than the items you get. they are like large test tubes with screw on caps.
They are the same thing. Soda Preforms.
5 1/4 inches inside depth, 7/8 inches across inside opening
They are 6 to 7 inches in length long
The thickness of the cap walls from my calipers is 1 to 2 mm, the wall thickness on the tube itself which I can not measure is a little thicker. Probably 3 or 4 mm.
Yes. If the caps are put on all the way.
Once sanitized.
You may get away with it if you're careful. Preforms are supposed to be PETE (Polyethylene Terephthalate) (Recyle type 1 plastic) i.e. Preformed water bottles. The plastic melts at 250 degrees C. An Autoclave can get to 134 degrees C plus. So in theory, the preforms should be able to stand the heat. I would try one first on a ceramic or glass plate before committing a large quantity. Good Luck.
I'm sure you could, they are very thick walled, but very hard.
That's a very thin space. Sugru will stick but I'm not sure it's the best idea since it really doesn't work well if you have to press it that flat. I'd recommend Loctite Super Glue Gel Control. Comes in a small bottle which will allow you to drip a portion of the substance into that space and afterward not feel like there's extra material It's liquid, not a malleable rubber like Sugru, so you can then press the grip to the metal and ease out any extra while it dries, which I don't think you can do with Sugru. In reality neither substance is very costly so if one doesn't work the other might.
Set for life!
I used to go through at least two Mac cables per year. Sugru seems to extend the life indefinitely.
I think epoxy would be more suitable unless there are parts that need to be molded.
Yes, Sugru should work. Sugru comes in small packets, about size of saccharin sugar packets. There are three packets and you can get appropriate color. It feels and molds like play dough. When packet is opened it has to be used right away since it cures and sets in 24 hrs. When dry it feels like rubber and it sticks but must be left to cure. My daughter fixed shelf in her dishwasher and hot water does not disturb it.
Yes
My daughter fixed a shelf in her dishwasher and it adhered through washing cycles. It is plastic. Make sure you let it set for 24 hours. I have used It for other fixes and it is amazing.
Absolutely. Sugru is waterproof and very heat (and cold!) tolerant. Just make sure that it get enough time fully cure before restarting the dishwasher. On the sugru site in the about section (http://sugru.com/about) there is mention of people fixing their dishwashers with it. I'd say you're good to go.
I don't think so. I remember there was a kind of messy spot after I removed it from a test surface.
Sugru is fairly hard when cured without much -if any- give.
here: http://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/electromagnetic-relay-power-PCB-relay-HHC66A_592016286.html
Yes they can handle higher voltage but I would not go much higher than 12 volts higher voltage might ark and burn out .you don't know how large the contacts are and how far thay open apart.
No
15A 125VAC 10a 240VAC 15A 12VDC 10A 28VDC
The pickup voltage and drop off voltages on relays are different. A 12v relay can pickup at 10v and drop of at as low as 7v. Hence, the current draw will be function of voltage. I hope this helps.
I am pretty sure that no harm will be done. Check the schematic for the relay board or on the relay itself.
Guess I don't know for sure, but I purchased as a replacement charger for a Kawasaki cordless 19.2 volt drill batteries.
It didn't work with a 19.2 V so I really doubt it. It's garbage!!!
No
The charger plugs into a regular USA household plug. It is the transformer, it takes house current down to what is required for the batteries. From the transformer is the cord which plugs into the housing where the battery rests while being charged.
I have not seen that Alltrade charger. But the output of the power supply for the Kawasaki charger is at 24 Volts, with a maximum draw of 400 millAmperes. If that matches the power supply for the Alltrade charger, then the two may well be compatible. Check Amazon for a picture of a Kawasaki 19.2 battery to see if it looks exactly the same. Kawasaki made this same battery for several other brand lines. Alltrade may be one of them. Hope this helps.
I've never used the 95730 MP-C2D, but it appears it may simply be a cosmetic difference, as they both include hand tools/hoses.
Yes, it is a fabulous buy and a fantastic machine. Would not trade mine for anything and have never had any problems with it.Hope this helps you in your decision. D
You will have to be more specific. I hope you are not referring to me as a "tool" although I would have to admit it has happened. If you are referring to the upholstery tool, it is an attachment that plugs into the back of the unit via brass "slip" rings. The "tool" allows one to shampoo carpet in hard to reach areas such as corners, along base-boards, stairs and inside automobiles. Tools allows you to apply cleaning medium and sucks it back up with any dirt and fine debris. My experience it that it works very well, although you do have to be patient and work with it until you get the hang of it. I hope this helps...
Yes, I have combination shag and berber . . . . it does fantastic. I know the directions say that you shouldn't use anything but Rugdoctor shampoo products, but I use Tide with Bleach Alternative and I haven't had cleaner carpets.
I'm not sure, but I think the only difference is the solvent package that comes with it, I would think they are the same machines?? Like I said I'm really not sure though.
It's Not too bad at all. It's like caring vacuum up and down stairs Just a little heavier.
two gallons
No, you must place hot water in the Rug Doctor. Btw, love this machine! Cleans carpets immaculately.
The one I bought was complete with cleaning supplies and even a separate cleaner for stairways.
The handle does not telescope out. It simply swings up from the folded storage position, and has a maximum adjustable height of about 36 inches from the floor.
yes it is I own many rental properties and use this machine with them. I then did a test with the regular rug doctor and then the x3 soo much more dirt came up the floor this machaine actually vibrates th with power getting the deep down dirt. my oldest daughter now wants one also for her home.
I saw them advertised both with and without attachments, I purchased a new one.
The cleaning chemicals The machine and attachments are the same
comes with a hose for stair and upholstery tool
MP C3
Weight: 39 lbs. Dimensions: 26.5" H 11.5" W 22" D Brush Width: 10 in Vaccuum Path Width: 10.8 in Pump Pressure: 28 psi Recovery Tank Capacity: 3.9 gal Water Lift: 101 in Amps: 11 Fill Coverage: 147 sq. ft. Adjustable Handle Height: 32.5" - 36.5" Brush Type: Vibrating Solution Pump: Single Pump and Two Jets Solution Tank Capacity: 3.0 gal Vaccuum Motor: 1.74 hp Electrical Requirement: 120 volts Hand Tool Hose Length: 12 ft not sure what other specs he is looking for.
yes,
yes but you need a 230v adapter $100,
Hi, Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
the machine is tall there is no bending needed
P=IV. I=320W/24V = 13.3Amps. So a 25A motor controller will be fine. There are many input modes for the motor controller if you use analog mode 2.5V will be off, 0 V will be full reverse. 5V will be full forward. There should not be an issue with no ramp up, its not the best on the motor, etc. but the motor controller should handle the current base on what you have specified.
Yes
I didn't with mine. Go to their site and get all the info you need. http://www.dimensionengineering.com/products/sabertooth2x25 Hope this helps!
You sure can! I am using it that same way to control two electric wheelchair motors.
Hi Asa, Currently there are 21 25A motor drivers in stock.
This is what we use in our's....Georgia-Pacific Signature 21000 White 2-Ply Premium Multifold Paper Towel, 9.4" Length x 9.2" Width (Case of 16 Packs, 125 per Pack) It could probably hold about 150, but, not 250. We love our's, by the way!
We've mounted ours with 2" clearance at the top (it's just under a deep shelf) and the bottom is right at the top of our counter's backsplash (3 1/2" from countertop). This has worked for us to be able to access towels from below and restock as needed!
Two screws included. We bought some mollys and longer screws so we could more firmly mount it as this is a frequent use item.
Yes it does!
Is there a towel holder that rest on the towel rack that does not need to be mounted. I saw one at a party. she placed it between the towel rack and wall. It looked similar to this one. Would this work similar to the one I saw at the party or does this need to be mounted on the wall?
I used screws to mount mine that allow me to slip the holder off easily and slide it back up once I fill it.
No. Like a previous replier, I buy multi-fold towels (I prefer the Scott brand). I put them into the dispenser with the brown wrapping still on, then before I close the dispenser, I slowly slip off the wrapping so that the towels stay intact. This is so that the towels stay folded within each other as you pull each one from the dispenser. Amazon has great prices for buying a lot at one time. But since I no longer buy regular paper towels in the store now, my family goes through each pack rather quickly.
it is for paper towels and we really think it works great. paper towels can be a little pricey but it definitely eliminates having a soaking wet hand towel.
I have purchased and using five of theses dispensers at various locations at our recreational property and at my home shop. I chose to use the button provided in all of them without any need to use the lock (and key). I guess that doesn't answer your question, however it does give my opinion that I they work great without being locked.
C-fold towels fit well
It is plastic and feels reasonably solid for it's intended purpose. Certainly not industrial solid but not a junk toy either.
I've used them together and they fit together properly.
Agree. I see two different things as well. I spoke to our rep and he said "It is 1/2" ".
I don't remember seeing one.
use extra virgin olive oil. should read between 71 and 72 brix. worked for me.
No. As instructed by other reviewers, I used extra virgin olive oil and calibrated it that way.
This device only reads specific gravity. It does not have a brain. You can probably use it with some test samples to figure it out based on the formula on this site("specific gravity of a blended aggregate" ww.ce.memphis.edu)
No just have to hold it up to any light. Works great
The one that I purchased did not.
it works fine for syrup you just need make sure you take the temperature of the syrup into account when taking the measurement. It will not replace a hydrometer for final bottling but is great for quick measurements when syrup is almost ready to come of the pan. I keep two around, used very often.
It is very strong, however, to carry it in your purse you would need to protect the round screened area that covers (I recall) a thin mica sheet that allows for the measuring of alpha radiation. I often carry mine on the seat of my car or in the glove box. I think mine came with a thin plastic carrying case. You just don't want anything to puncture the screen. Overall it is very sturdy - I have dropped mine several times. Try using it to measure your ceramic dishes... I'm using a lot more glass now.
As near as I know it comes pre-calibrated and will stay that way until it is dropped or damaged. If it does ever need service, the company who makes it is very easy to get along with and will treat you right. When it arrives, turn it on and you are ready to go.
As a novice, I found the Mazur 9000 to be the easiest and most simple to operate once I fully read the instructions and practiced a little while. Wasy to operate and very responsive instrument.
You should contact the company direct for this answer. they will send you a procedure by email for measuring the sea water with out damaging PRM 9000. this thing is not water proof so please don't risk damaging it and contact the Manufacturer .
No, it doesn't, but I like the unit very much.
It will detect the radiation emitted by radon gas, but it is not, per se, a radon gas detector. There are detectors sold which are used for a few hours up to a few weeks that you set out, then send in to get a radon level count. I'm sure those would prove far more useful if that is your goal.
No, but it has a user-replaceable 9 volt lithium battery. I really like this unit. I bought it for rock hounding and it has been invaluable in the field.
No. The device runs on either a non-rechargeable alkaline 9V battery or a non-rechargeable Lithium 9V battery so no charger is necessary. It will run 2 years or more on a battery.
Blake, it makes a pleasing clicking sound that can be volume adjusted. You can also plug headphones in if you like. You need to configure it, as it is not on by default as I recall. Great little unit. I use it for rockhounding and identifying NORM.
No. It doesn't find gold underground. It is a radiation detector. My daughter just returned from Japan with the instrument left on in her baggage and recorded a max of 694 micro-Sieverts per hour.
You can add up to ounce of `universal' type tints to each kit to make the epoxy into lighter and pastel colors. Universal Paint Tints are a liquid universal coloring system that can be mixed with oil or water-based paints. Since the epoxy is bright white, it cannot be made into dark colors since the base is white. These universal tints are available at paint stores. It is recommended that you have the paint store add the tint to the Part A (Color Component) before mixing with Part B (Epoxy Hardener). If you are using more than one kit, I would suggest mixing all Part A's together tinting before mixing with Part B (just keep mix ratio the same). Have the paint store mix in tint and put on paint shaker for even distribution. There will probably be a small fee for this.
Yes I used HVLP it worked great...wear a good mask!
A local paint store should be able to tint for you. Do not exceed oz tint per mixed quart. You can tint part A or tint the mixture of Part A and Part B. Note: Mix only what you will use that day.
Touch up small chipped areas? Yes, I would think so, but I don't think the touched up area will disappear I used this product to refinish the tub enclosure walls, which were 1970's pink Formica. First attempt was to spray the product on but was not getting adequate coverage. After 2 sweeps I did a third coat with a brush and was sorry I didn't do that first. The mist from spraying traveled everywhere so I was thankful I went overboard on the prep. Had to keep the bathroom door shut, window open and fan on for the first 24 hours. By the second day the fume smell was gone. For the price I was able to give my bathroom the facelift it needed. If you look real close you can see a few areas that could have used more product, I ran ran out. If I had to do this application again I would get excellent results. Unless you are doing a large area, I think this is too much product for a touch up.
Yes, this product has actually held up very well thus far on our bathroom vanity. I would offer two suggestions. (1) Surface preparation as always with coatings is key. (2) The spray system with the kit had a tendency to sputter and want to clog up which would affect the finish. I ended up putting this in my paint gun I use for auto painting in conjunction with my air compressor at home. If you have these tools at your disposal it may make for a better finish. Hope this helps.
Once opened, but not mixed, the epoxy will still be usable for 3-6 months depending on storage conditions and temperature.
The paint will fill the scratches to some degree but I would recommend roughing up the surface, particularly the scratches, before applying the product. If the scratches are very deep, you may need to fill them prior to coating using an epoxy filler such as Bondo and then roughing up the surface with sandpaper followed by the ArmorPoxy Bath Sink and Tile Kit. If we can answer any further questions, please contact us. ArmorPoxy Customer Service
I'm sure they would, I used mine on 5 gal buckets from Lowes and they are about the same thickness.
Yes it will be very tight. I have used it. It's a tight fit. no leaks at all. -Use a 13/16" hole saw, -then insert the grommet by bending it or what ever, it's not easy at first, I thought I had the wrong size. -once the grommet is in, push in your 1/2" elbow or other 1/2" fitting. -Success.
3/4"
Darned if I know. I use them as designed, to hold a 1/2" tube securely and leak free through a hole bored in a five gallon bucket. It performs that task admirably. I'd go get one and see but mine are all buried in the greenhouse under a snowbank. Sorry for the non-help.
I have not used the grommet as yet but it would be on a normal water bucket, or used paint bucket
I do not know.
1" od, 1/2" id, drill 3/4" hole
yes
Mine has ml only.
These are the outside measurements. 50ml=45mm dia X 59mm H. 100ml=52mm dia X70mm H. 250ml =70mm dia X99mm H.
Lake Charles LA Is where I believe they are manufactured. Even if they were made anywhere else I would still buy them. I have two sets of :50ml 100 ml and 250ml. Great price,fast shipping and quality product. Rick Phoenix AZ.
Reasonably good product for the price. No issues with delivery.
The glass definitely is, but I don't know how well the markings on the glass would hold up to multiple washes
Yes
Yes
L has a larger collar that is stronger and will hold up better to wear, but once installed sticks out further from the top surface than the K series. K's collar is quite thin, allowing for an almost flush installation. With a little preparation, K is easy to flush mount. In short, L is beefier, K is prettier.
8-32 .265 O.D. x.400 Rim Dia.; 10-32 .295 O.D. x .423 Rim Dia.;1/4-20 .386 O.D. x .506 Rim Dia. They are good quality and work great.
100 in a pack.
PART#RN1032225ALR100
About as much force used to set a pop rivet.
0.6065"
I've never heard of a left hand rivetnut.
They are plated so yes would be the answer I think
Right hand.
It depends on the size. The squeeze down to something a little longer than a standard nut.
#1, #4, and #6 fits in the large one (although it is a tight fit).
The description says they are made from borosilicate glass, which is the same as Pyrex. They should handle heat just fine.
Yes they can as it is glass apparatus which is is able to to withstand highly powerful acids and bases, such as hydrochloric acid.
Neither one or the other. It comes without any topper.
No, the group I received did not come with stoppers.
These are small flasks; the smallest one stands only about 3-1/2" tall and the largest one is just over 5-1/2" tall.
I don't know
All three flasks will definitely fit candies like Reese's Pieces or M&Ms, but the smallest flask would probably only hold a pack or two. The set would look cool filled with candy for Halloween or a birthday, if that is your goal =)
The 50mL flask is 8.6cm tall; 150mL flask is 11.5cm tall; 250mL flask is 14.4cm tall.
Do not buy this from International Coffee & Books with prime shipping. They have it marked as 75ml but ship the US version that is blatantly labeled 3.4oz on the package and does not contain the extra ingredients. It is a completely ripoff in pricing.
This product does not do anything about the receding gums. It will however protect the newly exposed tooth area. I have had this happen, and the sensitive tooth will become less sensitive within a few days. You will know, because you can feel it.
this is the uk version they also sell the extra fresh version i have three tubes from them and they all have novamin
glycerin, peg-8, silica,calcium sodium phosphosilicate (novamin) sodium laural sulfate, monoflorophosphate, titanium dioxide, saccharin, limonene, aroma, carbomer
Hi Steve, I have no idea. All I can say for sure is that it caused me intense, short term pain.
Sodium Monofluorophosphate
Hello, if you order fromus, then delivery time is from 2 - 4 working days. Best wishes, Slaf Ltd.
Dear RW, We apologize as the Sensodyne Repair & Protect Whitening Toothpaste 75ml that we carry is with Fluoride. Thanks and regards, DirectKart
Buying from me is fulfilled by Amazon and with a prime membership it's delivery is two days.
I've been using it 2x a day for around a year. No stains.
1 is just a pack of 3 toothbrushes & 6 is a pack of 6 toothrushes. I don't know why they are referring to three toothbrushes as one but if you are just wanting the three pack then just order one, If your wanting a 6 pack then just order the 6. Hope I didn't confuse you;)
Hi, yes! My three year old son loves them. He also likes to stick the toothbrush onto the counter top once hes done brushing his teeth. Toothbrush wont get lost this way
Yes, there is bomb, red bird and pig.
All 3 are same size. My grandson was 2 when I got them and they fit his mouth perfect.
FireKing SS106 , weight is 51 lbs.
approximately 48 lbs.
Easy. Close the lid, minimal pressure on the top with one hand, push up and engage the two side latches on the interlock, push in latch.Thats it. Turn key to lock. It is essentially, effortless.
Yes, the lid could fall on your fingers because it just leans back when open with nothing to assure it will stay open.
The package insert and box state only that it is UL rated for 30 minutes and do not elaborate further. The box states that it can safely protect digital media. Not much information provided with the safe. I use this safe in the bottom of another UL 1 hr fire safe as another barrier against heat and water.
The inside height is the same throughout. It holds a hanging file so I would say more like 10 inches interior height
It's a tight fit. We ended folding our papers in half.
1/2 hr
It's best to seal them in an airtight plastic bag. I also add silicon packs to the box. So far, everything has remained dry and it's been over a year.
15 3/4" x 11 1/4" x 6 1/2", but if you include the latches, it's 12 1/4" instead of 11 1/4".
Product description rates it by time, not degrees. It is rated for 30 minutes of fire time.
It would have to be inside of brackets that were then bolted to the floor.
There are no guarantees with any fire safe. I live in the mountains and we have multiple fires every year. Some houses burn hotter and the fire safe didn't survive. Some fire safes did survive. In general, fire safes only protect up to a certain maximum temperature. I don't know about water.
Yes it is. Itll take some time. A lighter works just fine as well without burning it if you keep the flame moving.
No glue. This is just shrink-tubing.
Nick, I assume your referring to natural gas? Do not use shrink wrap tubing to connect to or run any type of gas. It will not protect your wires from any type of heat or frame. If done correctly it will protect your wires against most weather and wetness issues. Dan
2:1 Ratio.
Im not sure I use it on my cars and motorcycles and anything I need and have had no problems at all pretty thick tubing not to big tho just good quality-Chris
No but it will fit a 2 gauge wire
You can just split the wrap, but you will be defeating the purpose of using shrink wrap-in not being water tight vacuum seal.
2:1 - The description says "Will shrink up to half of original diameter."
It means inner diameter
Yea that's the diameter when the tube isn't shrunk.
I had the exact same issue. I downloaded the following driver (rsCap1.1) and it worked fine (I don't know the original site that I downloaded it from but this looks legitimate). http://www.21best.com/21_best/electronic/security/video/cameras/inspection/icam-59-color.html (follow the link mid-way down the page)
"RsCap1.10", and "Smart Camera" absolutely nothing special about it, but is very simple programs. likely able to find them both on free sites somewhere
Only if you the drivers work on a Mac - drivers included were for a PC and weren't very good.
I inserted in a spark plug hole and was only slightly worried about getting it out, but it ended up coming out pretty easy. So I would not attempt any smaller than a 1/2" hole. The back end of the scope head is tapered which allowed it to center itself when pulling it back out of the spark plug hole fairly trouble free.
Active ingredient Sodium Fluoride 0.243% (0.16% w/v fluoride ion)
No, it does not bubble - bit of false advertising here. I bought the sonic toothbrush after reading a recommendation and thought I would use the toothpaste they advised.
About 4 oz (75ml), but remember that you only use a small amount of paste, size of a sweet pea and let the machine do the work.
I have a DCC-300 installed in my workroom in my basement and it is not vented outside. This machine replaced a similar model which stopped working after 11 years and was vented outside. The plumbing was slightly different and I did not bother at the time to correct it to allow outside venting. To date I have noticed little difference in noise level or residual dust accumulation which are the main reasons cited for venting.
No. The product instructions warn against vacuuming liquids
it can vent outside, but not required. My is new, so I have not cleaned the filter yet. It does have a pre filter that will catch most all before the main filter. The pre filter can be cleaned easy enough. This unit is much better than the previous unit I had.
No there is not. you can buy a utility inlet that would fit on the pipe that goes into the intake.
I retrofitted to an existing central vac suction system without modification. The only alteration was the old vacuum suction was on the side and the DCC-3000C is from the top.
Yes, it will swap right in. There are connectors for the low voltage wiring.
This is the central suction unit only. Nothing else. No accessories. It is a great unit for replacing a defunct unit on an existing system. (Which is what I did)
The ones I got have more of the bell type end. I like tapered better, too.
Yes it secures just fine. I use them for my products and have shipped them across country and internationally with no issues
Yes, I wash them when I get them. I use them for flower essence potions for emotional issues, for tinctures and essential oils.
Its a glass dropper so I believe it would be safe, but I'm not 100% sure. I use it for essential oil blends and it works well.
i think so, i rinsed them out with vodka
I would assume N-Butyl but it's not stamped at all. I use mine for PH down acid, and H202 and have zero problems. They seem lab quality not cheapos at all. 1 year of daily use works and seals like day 1.
I am really not sure. I use these bottles for my carrier oil that I blend with essential oils, so I only use a couple of drops of carrier oil to one drop of essential oil. The dropper does not have measurements on it. My best guess would be a teaspoon.
Approximately .50 inch
Yes, the dropper is glass.
Cardboard box with separators in between each bottle. The stoppers and pipettes are packaged together in separate bag. I seem to recall bubble wrap being involved. I don't remember a lot about the specifics, but I do remember thinking they seemed pretty securely packed when I opened it. I've ordered several dozen bottles in different orders and have never had a chipped or broken one.
Yes
Manual
Yes
Yes it is longer, but I wish it came out of the top of the handle. Still a great vacuum. Very easy to empty.
crevices tool, pet brush and crumb brush plus floor/carpet power brushe. great unit. ch wood
No
long handled crevice tool, small brush and hand brush. I have had no problems so far and used the crevis tool today has good suction and is easy to use just pull off of back of machine and turn on.
No.
No, you should not be getting shocks of any kind.
Actually its quite a bit bigger. I LOVE my Shark Rotator! My church even bought one and everybody who has used it say's they like it as well!!!
I can't tell you how to wire your pump, but I can tell you that the float switch changes state from normally open to normally closed (and vice versa) by removing the retainer clip and inverting the float.
You're pushing the limit with those specs, but will be fine. 24 x 1.2 = 28.8VA, and the nominal contact ratings are 30VA. So it should be fine since that is the NOMINAL rating.
The Float is 1 inch in diameter.
one inch from center to center
I got 5. But I paid $.35. My guess is you get a different amount depending on where you get them from.
I ordered the same thing, I got a package with many straps (10-15)
It measures to .01amps. I use it for that very reason and suceesfully found a short on a 12v gmc van.
Stephen... I have used the meter a lot... The range will be selected automatically by the meter. You do not need to manually change the range, thanks to the induction reading. Fantastic tool.
Yes, it is as you describe. Several FLUKE models has backlight coming from right side, causing poor luminance on left side. Other models have a better light distribution on screen. There is no problem with your clamp meter. It's just a design limitation.
I have not personally measured this high of current on AC or DC since I have owned this meter. However FLUKE claims it is possible to measure 400 Amperes AC or DC, also up to 600 Volts AC or DC.
It will turn off automatically .save you batt life.good meter .i got one and you will love it.just like chihuahua
It is required to be clipped around the phase lead only. I made a short extension cord with the conductors separated out to enable this. It works well.
Yes
It will measure current well under 5A DC. I've been told clamp on meters aren't very accurate and I think this is compounded at lower currents when the coil is influenced by other stray fields. When I went outside and did a little testing with my trickle charger (and leadtype multimeter in series) I found that it's quite accurate (within 10%) down to 0.5A but when I got to the 0.05A it was out by up to 75%. I think your results will vary depending on environment.
I have measured down to a amp on three phase
Yes
I have the rotator, and LOVE it. It makes my old vacuum look like a complete dinosaur, and even after cleaning with my old vacuum, the rotator has picked up a massive amount of additional junk. The rotator comes with the "caddy" for the lift-away. I've never used it, and don't see it as a feature. The wider cleaning surface, larger capacity and longer cord are certainly features that I would consider superior to the navigator. Also, as silly as it sounds, the headlights do come in very handy. I can't imagine having a different vacuum, and honestly, I hate to vacuum. But I guess I don't hate it as much anymore. It is a well-designed and very nice machine.
according to the manufacturer's instruction manual, the filters should be removed, rinsed and allowed to air dry completely every three months. In between cleaning, you can remove them and tap out any dirt that accumulates. The manual also notes that the filters may discolor over time and that this is normal. Should your filters disintegrate or come apart, you can order new ones by going to www.sharkclean.com or check with
I just wash them in the sink and let them dry. However, I did order an extra set because they are very slow drying! When they are totally dry they are just like new!
The Shark Rotator comes with a washable, reusable filter, or pre-filter, and a HEPA filter. After an extended use, you will have to buy the HEPA filter, but you can wash the pre-filter over and over again.
I only have hard wood floors in my house and I love this vacuum. It's awesome.
Currently I have not used any accessories. I just use it as a floor vacuum, so I had to go looking for the accessories that came with it. I may not have found every single one that came with it, but I think I did, so the short answer: it comes with at least 5 attachments and a floor caddy. They are as follows: Dusting Brush (1185FC500), 12 inch Crevice Tool (X11FC500), Large Power Brush (X13FC500), Multi-Angle Dusting Brush (X15FC500), Straight Suction Floor Nozzle (XSN500), and finally the Canister Caddy (X16FC500). For more information (like what these parts actually look like as if you are like me you have no idea what the name of each part technically is) on these parts go to http://www.sharkclean.com/rotator/professional-lift-away-nv500/parts-and-accessories/.
YES my wife loves it also easy to push & pull better than the Hover that she had, and it's a lot quieter too I think you shouldn't have any problems.
No, made in China.
I don't have stairs but it does have an attachment that works on stairs.
Yes. One comes with a car cleaning kits,which we found to be very useful. Im pretty sure its the 502. Ill check into it a bit more for you, but this is what I believe the "model number difference" to be.
ipad1 does not have optical audio output so it will not work with ipad1
No, you can leave it plugged in. I do and it is fine.
It does not come with an optical cable
It definitely goes one way. So fiber in and stereo out rca and headphone out. I got it for a ps3 so I could have headphones. Works great for that. This is a DAC. You need ADC.
This will present you with a fuller and better quality sound than the dac that is built into your TV.
I do not see any big issues about doing it this way.
Yes, it has a digital coaxial input, as well as the digital optical input.
No. Digital optical in, analog rca out. The usb is for power only.
There are several issues here. If this DAC is better than the one your computer uses to output analog audio (out front panel or rear panel), which is likely, your computer has a digital optical and/or coaxial audio output, which is also likely, you have really good headphones or better a good audio system (preamp/amp/speakers), and you are generating the digital audio signal from something better than a MP3 file (from CD or HD audio source), then yes it should sound better! Also, I note the DAC which I no longer own only supports PCM, so that means CD quality at best. Finally, I note the DAC does not have a signal gain adjustment which may be very import if you are just pugging in headphones as the signal may be too weak (I can't test that since I since as I said I no longer have the DAC).
Maybe try the switch? Mine is wonky and lopsided. Looks like it is on one input when it is on the other? It's usb powered so make sure it's plugged in and lights up.
Don't think that manufacturer makes one like that.
The serpentine bike rack is a one-piece tube that is CNC bent to shape. We then weld 3/8" thick anchor plates to the ends of the tube for mounting. The entire assembly is very secure.
No. Would require rewelding. Better to just buy a 3 wave.
*Width: 2" Length: 62" Height: 36" *46 pounds https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/cheap-buy-garage-storage-for-sale/i_OtDRHKOhA
I put it on carbon rubber electrodes for my TENS and EMS machines. It makes a better and more comfortable connection. It also renews the conductivity and extends the life of gel pads.
This makes the electrodes have a better connection so while using it I would assume as it is not going to do anything after the fact.
???????
Yes
Yes
No
HRM USA does not ship out of the US.
I did not and it worked great.
Not sure what a Laser Touch One is but if you need to conduct electrical pulse/current it does the job.
no ingredients are listed. Go to Parker Labs & ask them.
I can't remember if this was stated as organic or not and am assuming it is not but you can do research from their website. I do remember that the glycerin did not come from petroleum byproduct but from a plant based derivative. (check this out to sure) I would have to research it again but at the first time ordering it I researched as much as I could and felt that it would meet our needs. It is food grade and I have actually tasted it. I remember being satisfied for the application that we are using this for. This is the 2nd gallon we have used and have been pleased with it's results. We have used another vender but this one was cheaper and shipping was predictable. We use the glycerin for a gastric cleanse through a cycostomy tube. The web site has a material data link but I had to do a little bit of digging around to find the particulars on this actual product. Good luck with your research and hope this was helpful.
You can vape it straight up, but it's much better with the flavor and PG added...
I have never used it for anything other than preserving plants as ornamentation. I have never used it in food.
I don't think using vegetable glycerin would pose a problem. It really depends on what the end use is. VG doesn't pick up flavors or scents as rapidly as Propylene Glycol, so you will have to allow for extra time for your extract to infuse with the glycerin.
it is a gallon - I get them all the time
I used it with distilled water to make snow globes with my daughter, For bubbles I usually go with dawn liquid and water.
I am not sure that it is superior to Wilton, but I am sure its of great quality and has worked very well for us. I find Wilton products overpriced.
NO
Hello - Pam here from the Georgia-Pacific Consumer Response Center. This dispenser is our SofPull high capacity. The towel that fits this dispenser is our #28143 that is 560 sheet per roll.
#28143 fits 4 pack oversize rolls. 520 per roll
Yes that paper will fit in that dispenser. That dispenser accomodates almost all brands of center pull towel
We have same problem regards
I don't know actual size. when ordering we just order "Georgia Pacific tri-fold/multifold towels". Hope this helps.
Hello Louis, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. We can assist you with a few extra keys at no charge. Please contact us at 866-435-5647.
Hello Troy, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. You will want to use a Multi-Fold paper towel. C-Fold and Multi-Fold towels differ in the way they are folded. A C-Fold paper towel simply lie on top of each other, is folded in the shape of a "C" and are not interfolded. A multifold paper towel has a "Z" type fold to it and are interfolded so that when one towel is pulled out, the tail of the next towel will show. Thank you.
Hello James, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. Can you please email your question to our team at gpxpress@gapac.com. We have a dispenser spec sheet that can be emailed to you showing the measurements. Thank you.
Hello Steven, This is Sandy with Georgia Pacific. The metal plate is needed to convert the dispenser to be able to hold a Multifold towel in place of a C-Fold because the width of the Multifold (9.25") is shorter than a C-Fold (10.25"). Thank you.
There are no additional locks. Any paper clip would do the trick. It's just a preventative 'lock' - you can actually just bump the side of it with a firm palm and it will pop open.
I do not have. I just put towels in it.
it takes about 3 bundles of the paper towels when empty.
We use the 9.4"x9.2" multi fold towels from Costco.
A mild detergent solution then wipe with clean water a allow to dry. If I'm in a hurry I will use a little mineral (white) spirit but ONLY on the surfaces that I intend to join.
I don't think it will. This glue works chemically, like welding) to bond just acrylic.
I actually use syringes that I get from a local vet supplier. I could never get the hang of the bottles.
Frankly I don't think you can. Acrylic adhesives function more like a weld than gluing. They are a solvent for acrylic so any errant drips will actually disolve some of the acrylic...
Yes it will l but good luck on getting it to hold
If it is done properly, it should be okay. You need to get it evenly over the surfaces to be connected, then firmly clamped for 48 hours. What part of your sunglasses are you trying to connect?
Yes, apply carefully because it lightly melts and discolors the surface of acrylic.
If the fishtank is Plexiglas you could weld the pieces together. But that part won't be clear. Is the area with the break a part that you would want to see through?
It probably would but there is probably a medical grade solvent out there.
No. I have scoured the net trying to answer this question (it became an obsession, lol) and found this; you can only use this 3M (imagine that) product. 3M Scotch-Weld DP8005. It has some magical composition that allows it to wet very low energy surfaces. So it seems to be available at lowes and Home Depot though costs about 15$ or so. Good luck bonding! Oh btw, thermo contact bonding (heat) seems to also be relavent to this plastic, if you have a heat gun try it on some scrap first, then the big project, or just pay 3M for their technology.
I am using a wine barrel cut in half length wise with these hinges for a lifting top. I'm not usuing glass. But I really think if you were to do that with a glass top and like a wine bottle storage underneath the glass it would look awsome.
No, it relies on the tension of the spring when you have it in the open position.
Yes
Woodworker's Supply can ship to any location. Place your order and our customer service team will follow up with you regarding shipping costs. Small parcels are normally sent via Global Priority Mail.
There are 2 hinges at this price!
Maximum would be about 20 lbs ... don't think it would work on 35 lbs.
They open by lifting the tabletop up and back to the "open" position. They work very well for me. I used a pre assembled tabletop have had no problems
I don't think it will have good weight distribution. My experience has been, bring the hinges in for better lifting and staying power. Hope this helps!
What the hell are you asking??
It does not have a lock that you would have to release to lower the top. In the up position the top is balanced past center so the weight of the top holds it open. We haven't had any accidental closures
WMVCORE.DLL is a Windows file that is NOT included in european Type 'N' versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7 !! That's because those versions do NOT include Windows Media Player which requires the file you are missing. Do a search on WMVCORE.DLL to learn how to solve the problem. There are different solutions and the process is too involved to go into here. URL http://support.microsoft.com/kb/953693 should be able to help you. As far as the website being in Chinese, I can't help. I've never visited the website. All of my information / doc was received on a mini CD along with the device ( in English along with several other languages !! ).
Dont know about using it with a Mac. Focus is 1-6 inches at its best. It starts to get fuzzy outside 6 inches.
Can you please advise your order ID and we will send to you.
The length of the hook showing when fully screwed in is 1 1/4 in. The diameter is 1 inch.
The threaded part is 1/2". Would love to know if they worked well for you.
Its definitely not brass plated. Looks exactly like the picture. I believe it has a vinyl coating as it seems quite sturdy to be completely made of vinyl.
I've only used a few of the ones in the package and they are sturdily made. I used mine in a horizontal position behind a kitchen cabinet to hand various tools on. If asked to guess, I would think they could easily handle 5 to 8 pounds used vertically. Perhaps more if the wood is hard.
The face of the safe sits 1/4 inch from the wall plus the keypad is out 1/2 inch from the face of the safe. You could use a picture but it would need to have that amount of space (at least 3/4 inch) between the frame and the back of the picture to cover the safe.
Removable
It is a dark flat gray.
It is designed to fit between the studs in the wall so has to be real close. Studs are 16" on center normally which would be 14 1/2"" width. Mine fit no problem cutting the Sheetrock to the edge of the studs. Plus it overlaps the Sheetrock
No it's not
Strategically place some C4 around the door
I think the 4" measurement may be overall including the keypad and front panel. Mine fit easily depthwise. unfortunitly my studs were off by about a quarter of an inch and I had to clear some wood to do the install. Not a big deal but added to the complexity. I would suggest not using the screws provided with the unit to secure it to the studs. They are a bit small for my liking.
Yes
I purchased this safe close to a year ago. My husband thought he remembered there may have been instructions in the box but isn't sure. Our key was also locked inside the safe. It may have had a generic keypad combination code like 123 or 111 we just don't remember for sure. Sorry we couldn't help.
It should have come with a set of keys that you remove the plastic cover on the handle to access
It matters which side of the chart you are using. The number side is 12-14 inches, I think. The Snellen chart is 6 ft.
Aren't there instructions in fine print on one of the sides?
It's unlike the picture ... The left side is the front, and the right side is the back - so that cuts its size and half right there. Now I don't have it in front of me, but it's roughly 4 inches wide, and 8 inches tall. I can fit it into my lab coat pocket easily.
This is a standard card for the Snellen eye test. It has two sides- one for a distance of 6 ft. And one for a distance of 14 inches. To perform the eye test hold the card at eye level 14 inches away from the patients eyebrow. Have the patient cover one eye and read the smallest line possible left to right, then have the patient cover the other eye and have them read the smallest line possible from right to left. Then uncover both eyes and read the smallest line possible. Make sure if the patient wears corrective lenses, those are worn durning the test and that you use the correct size based on your desired distance.
It's the front and back of the same card.
Contact.
No, just AC
Yes
Yeah it updates.
Yes
Yes
Yes. It measures less than 40 amps.
Yes it does come with black and red test leads,,,,,
no, only the 325 will measure DC amps, and by the jaws
Yes. I'm a hitting and conditioning mechanic.I use it for low-voltage all the time. This is a good all-around meter.The only thing is getting accurate temperature Reading. It usually is it arranged between 3 or 4 degrees.
The meter might not be able to accurately measure that low. However, a technique often used is to take one lead of your circuit and wrap several turns of wire around one of the legs of the meter. For example if you wrap 10 turns of wire then the meter reading will be 10 times the actual current. So a reading of .500 amp would show for an actual current of. 050 amp. If you need a better reading use 20, 30 or 40 turns or more. Then just divide the reading on the meter by the number of turns. Most high sensitivity current probes use this technique. Good luck and enjoy
Hi sharon..it measures 400 amps ac and dc, so you should be good
It should, but you need to split the cord.
yes it will, works very well.
no. the protective outside collar or sleeve is 8mm and the metal male prong inside the collar is 2mm.
No men, there's no fuse on it, The meter is a very basic one. Check this review sure will help &gt; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQbIjp1QdUg3 Try a Fluke Brand...
when you turn meter on push REL button to zero. Great meter for the money.
Not sure, I bought it as a gift and my friend loves it.
No
Assuming the meter is OK, a couple of thoughts come to mind: You must use the clamp to read current (not the test leads), and you can only clamp one of the wires (clamping both + and ground will cancel each other). One other note, the meter starts reading current in the AC mode; press yellow "SEL" button to alternate between AC and DC. If you are doing all this correctly, then I'd have to assume is meter is defective. Hope this helps.
Yes
It works for the little 1-2 oz amber glass bottles not sure what a dram bottle is though hope that helps
No
I bought this and it does not have splits it looks smooth like it's pictured. Hope this response helps.
The outside diameter of the outlet spout at its extremity is 8.5mm.
Yes.
I have both. The funnel is great for filling jars and the eye glass eye dropper is for administering oils. Eye droppers take too long to try to fill a bottle.
if u don't need the pipette to measure then these funnels are great. U can pour in multiple things at once or larger amounts then the little pipette. Plus i believe ull get multiple funnels why this order not just one.
One.
Less than 1 inch
No. This box fit better on Atv.
Its not to bad around 15-20 pounds, when its on the four wheeler, it pretty much feels like its not even there though
Yes,its a single din opening,very high quality enclosure
About 9 inches
Sorry I don't know, I bought it for my son. He used it for his 4 wheeler.
As far as the box? It is covered heavily in "rhino-liner" material, but the rest would be up to what components you use to close the speaker and component openings... The one I bought went in a 1962 Land Rover 109 as a speaker box/ amp station in the troop are.... Not on an ATV... But it is well built, and is designed well also.... Hope that helps
Good Evening, It features a Sprayed on Black Polyurethane Coating (Rhino Liner), 5/8" MDF Construction, and Terminal Cup Connectors. Thank you.
Good Morning, The Dimensions: 34" W x 7-3/4" H x 10-1/4"D (Top)/13" D (Bottom) David McElroy 3 Kings
Basically, this is an antibacterial, antitartar/plaque/gum disease preventive-curative/anti-inflammatory to gums and mouth ulcers of an instrument to use. Flossing need not be done, but I do it occassionally, just to make sure. Food particles can get stuck between some teeth, and not others. Ultrasound technology (high frequency sound) can also keep teeth whiter. Consult your dentist, but some are not very familiar with this item, or if they are, may say something to the effect: that more research is needed. Well, I bought it and use it anyway, and so far, I am better off with this instrument for better oral health.
Hi, Susan. It sounds like your dentist (or his dental hygienist, who works in cahoots with the doctor) has recommended the infamous "Planing and Scaling" procedure, which, as you have discovered, is a very expensive treatment for getting rid of tartar (aka "calculus") below the gum line. "Planing and Scaling" involves the use of a scraper on the end of a cord that causes the scraper to vibrate (oscillate) at ultra-sonic speeds. Think of the scraper as a mini jack-hammer. The hygienist applies the vibrating calculus remover to your teeth by inserting it below the gum line until it comes into contact with the calculus. The ultrasonic waves, along with the jack-hammering effect, works to loosen and pulverize the hardened calculus quickly and efficiently. The "planing and scaling" procedure is usually performed in sessions. The mouth is divided into four quadrants: Upper Left, Upper Right, Lower Left and Lower Right. Very seldom are more than two quadrants done during one visit. The procedure requires a very strong shot of an anesthetic, which numbs the mouth and facial nerves and muscles. When you leave the dentist's office, you will appear to have a severe case of Bell's Palsy. You can expect your face to assume its normal appearance in 24 hours. The reason for such a strong pain killer should seem obvious. The hygienist must insert the vibrating calculus remover deep below the gum line. The gums surrounding the tooth are, therefore, ripped and torn during the procedure. There is much blood, which you will not see because you will be deprived the hygienist's mirror while he or she is working on you. To safeguard against infection as a result of tearing the gums, you will be given a prescription anti-biotic (in pill form) as well as an anti-biotic rinse (medicinal mouthwash, which has a tendency to give your teeth a nice shade of blue). You will be told to use the rinse for one month, or until you run out of it. You will probably be asked to purchase a sonic toothbrush from the dentist -- one he recommends. Of course, you realize that the dentist has a deal with the toothbrush's manufacturer to sell its brand. For every unit sold, the dentist makes a little money. Kickbacks are not necessarily evil, but it does give you an idea of the dentist's business ethics. One wonders whether the dentist's recommendation is a result of want of money or of the true needs of the patient. And if you are offered a plain sonic toothbrush to prevent tartar buildup, then you know the dentist's heart isn't in the right place. Dentists know full well that regular sonic toothbrushes have absolutely no effect in preventing tartar; he knows, too, that regular sonic toothbrush do nothing to eliminate calculus that has already formed on your teeth -- either above or below the gum line. A number of studies have been made to determine the efficacy of the "Planing and Scaling" treatment, especially with regard to its ability to impair the accumulation of calculus below the gum line. Statistics show that, when compared to a basic cleaning by a hygienist, planing and scaling provides the patient no long-lasting benefits. A basic cleaning, coupled with conscientious oral hygiene (flossing everyday, being certain to thread the floss below the gum line) is as effective at inhibiting the accumulation of tartar as a round of planing and scaling. "Planing and Scaling" or no, calculus will nonetheless form below the gum line over time, causing pockets to form around the teeth. Calculus forms as a ring around a tooth. Your gums are supposed to adhere to the outer surface of your teeth. Calculus, therefore, forms a barrier that prevents the gum from adhering to the tooth beyond the ring of calculus. The gap between the tooth and the gum is called a "pocket." The depth of the calculus is measured in millimeters. Healthy gums adhere to the tooth at a depth between 2 and 3 mms. You may have had the depth of your gum pockets measured. A measurement for any tooth 4 and above is usually the springboard for talking you into planing and scaling. You will be told that deep pockets are breeding grounds for bacteria. If your gums bleed, there is a chance that the bacteria can enter your bloodstream, thereby infecting your blood. The infection could lead to sepsis (blood poisoning), which can have serious consequences if the bacteria travel to your brain or heart. Plus, as long as there is a plethora of bacteria in your mouth, your autoimmune system is expending all of its resources in trying to eliminate the offending bacteria, robbing the rest of the body of vital self-healing autoimmune functions. People who have diabetes are especially prone to oral sepsis because their autoimmune system is constantly battling the ill effects of diabetes. At the same time, the body's autoimmune system becomes less effective at maintaining diabetes control, especially at regulating healthy blood-glucose levels. If the bacteria are removed from the mouth, the diabetic will find the disease easier to control. Once upon a time, none of us had a choice but to suffer the growth of calculus below the gum line. But as long as we had regular cleanings at the dentist and followed the rules of daily oral hygiene, we did just fine. But far too many of us do not follow proper oral hygiene and end up with excessive tartar on our teeth. Particles of calcium and magnesium, the main constituents of tartar, are found in saliva. The mouth is constantly awash in saliva, leaving its sediments behind. As the sediment accumulates, it hardens into plaque (tartar/calculi). Before the lucrative procedure of planing and scaling came into existence, excess tartar was removed during a basic cleaning, except the hygienist had to dig a little deeper with the scraper to chip away at the calculus. There was no such thing as "planing and scaling" back then. There was no need for the procedure because it was just a routine part of the hygienist's job to get the deep stuff. Clever marketing schemes and money-hungry dentists are working hard at convincing the unaware patient that "planing and scaling" is necessary. Exorbitant fees are being charged so the dentist can reap while he can. Eventually, the truth about "planing and scaling" will come out and the greedy dentist's source of income will dry up. The Emmi-dent toothbrush is effectively the same thing as the calculus remover that your hygienist uses. The difference, of course, is that the head of the toothbrush does not come into physical contact with calculus below the gum line. Rather, the pulverizing ultra sonic waves traverse from the head of the Emmi-dent down to the root of the tooth, causing the entire tooth to vibrate at ultra sonic speeds. The effect of these ultra sonic vibrations is the breakup of the calculus mass into tiny particulate flakes. Rinsing well will free the particulates from your gums. If tartar is heavy between teeth above the gum line, Emmi-dent sells a calculus removal tool that can be attached to the base of the toothbrush. Its tip is made of porous stone. Holding the tip against exposed tartar has a pulverizing effect. Daily use of the calculus removal tool will eventually removed exposed tartar. The answer to your question is yes, the Emmi-dent can break up tartar. Choosing between the Emmi-dent and "planing and scaling" depends on how quickly you want that piece of tartar removed. If you want a hygienist to tear your gums apart in order to reach the tartar with her vibrating chisel, go that route. The removal of the piece of tartar will be quick, but not painless. It will especially hurt in the wallet. But if you're willing to use the Emmi-dent to get rid of the tartar on your teeth, both above and below the gum line, it will work. It won't be as fast or immediate as planing and scaling; nor will it be as painful or expensive. Best of luck.
as i understand it, the Emmi-dent 6 technology using extremely fast sonic pulses that penetrate deep below the gumline and kill bacteria effectively to heal gum disease. it has worked for me. Sonicare only cleans the surfaces of the teeth.
My instruction manual says 24 months. I purchased my toothbrush in 2013. I am assuming the warranty is still the same but don't know that for sure.
Mine came with two brushes.
16oz
Yes, it is still a good idea
Yes, It includes both!
You can call 1-800-368-3529 for customer service to OraTec. I know they sell the product.
No, this product is of great quality! I have been using one for 1 1/2 years and I love it! It does exactly what it says it will do and I couldn't be more satisfied. My oral health has improved immensely. I can't think of a reason you wouldn't like it. My husband and son also have this toothbrush and love theirs as well.
The spacing center to center is 5.25 inches
Yes to a point. I am not aware of any vises that will remain parallel if something is clamped off center and the sides of the piece being clamped are not parallel. This vise has a rod that run the length of the opening down the middle to help keep the movable jaw aligned. As it wears the movable jaw can move more.
1 7/8" jaw height 4" opening
The bar in the handle will turn freely when the bar is placed in the middle of the screw part. It can be slid sideways for added leverage to tighten the vise more.
According to the Wilton Web site, the body of the 11744 Low Profile drill vise is made of "fine grain cast iron". http://www.wiltontools.com/us/en/p/4-low-profile-drill-press-vise/11744
Size is OK, will suit table. Price is OK considering standards of item.
The bristles are soft so they do not injure your gums with the right amount of give to clean teeth and have good dental hygene. The handle under the brush is tapered and has a flexibility to it so that you can reach difficult areas easily. These are the best toothbrushes I've ever purchased. I get good report from Dentist at my cleaning visits. I recommened them totally.
it is not bamboo, it is bamboo charcoal which is made of bamboo and can absorb unhealthy small particles. The bamboo charcoal on the bristles is nano-sized which means it is so small that you can't see it with your naked eye.
No, they are nylon. Find a different brush... These are quite harsh on the gums.
not a good product. doesn't look like bamboo brush to me.
Not by any means. The bamboo material is questionable at best and while the toothbrush is weak and wants to bend more than it should the bristles on the brush are great and make my teeth and gums feel very clean
They work great. The brushes are soft and really get into every area. Overall awesome construction. I hate hard toothbrushes, these are gentle and do well. Hope that helps.
Yes the whole brush is plastic, but soft and comfortable for your gums. The brush bends to be like the ergonomic brushes at whole foods.
plastic
I have no scientific proof; but, the bristles are very soft and still do an excellent job of cleaning the teeth and gums. The bristles don't go all floppy like regular toothbrush bristles, they maintain their looks and power to clean well for awhile.
I had the same situation with the same TV. You will need to buy a optical audio cable, optical audio to Analog RCA converter box and a RCA Cable. (Left(white)Right(red). Plug one end of your optical fiber cable into the TV the other end in the converter box. Then plug one end of your RCA cable in the convertor box and the other end in your RCA input. You will also need a outlet to power the convertor box.
I have not had that problem with this unit.
Analog to digital
There are no switches on the device so probably not.
I believe this device is only intended to convert output to analog stereo output so that the audio can be delivered to 2 channel systems. The only thing that I have seen on the consumer market that would take 2 channel analog input to digital PCM has been some computer sound cards from Creative Labs, but I don't think they make them anymore.
yes im sure ether an adapter or port on ps4
Worked on our PS4 to OLD Bose system.
Honestly I wouldn't recommend this product. I tried it from a digital audio out to a sound bar and couldn't get it to work. Customer service is great but couldn't get device to work.
I am not sure, I did not know about the pcm setting until someone responded to my inquiry. It did work for standard tv audio but did not work for Netflix until I set my tv to pcm. Hope that helps.
That's kind of what I had. But it wasn't a steady buzz - more like a loud 60 Hz humm. I even tried to move it as far from the TV as I could. I was thinking there was some sort of interference, and separation might help. But no. Amazon is great about returns. This is first time I had a problem with a purchase.
Black to laptop, Tablet etc, Red to USB power supply adapter like mobile charger to power the oscilloscope, only if the Tab power is not enough,
I can't say for sure. But I will say that the software you pointed out seems to want to use the audio card for an input. This will not appear as an audio input device. This device will let you sample signals far faster than an audio card, using their software. Unfortunately, in the SDK I downloaded for this device, there is no source code for the driver itself, so it would be difficult for a linux guru to create a driver for it. But I don't know much about linux programming and many linux gurus would love the chance to reverse engineer the protocol to communicate with it.
5V this is 1MOm inpit, it don't drain current
No. They used to make a standalone function generator - check http://www.hantek.com/en/ProductList_1_2.html. It's a decent scope for the price and specs - the SW is not as bad as people make it seem. You can also double the bandwidth if you crack it open and make a few mods.
I have win7, but the check the OEM website.
two bags were included. I've got more at some on-line store. It's not too expensive.
No
Yes, it does, but I find this attachment can scratch hardwood. Also, unless you have a rather industrial need, go food the smaller vac. It is just as good but easier to handle.
Yes, it is great for stairs. It is light weight, so you can easily manage steps. You can either use it with the floor tool attached to the pole, allowing you to stand straight up and cover each step in a motion or two or you can detach the pole and use the hose, bending a bit to get to any cracks or crevices. Again, because it is light weight, bending isn't an issue while wearing the vacuum. And the standard floor tool that the vacuum comes with works well on most carpets (this is because the vacuum has such powerful suction) so you can move seamlessly from hard floor to carpeted steps without having to switch tools.
There is a reusable cloth bag however the paper filter bag is intended to be used inside the cloth filter bag. You can't eliminate the paper bag by only using the cloth one. The paper bag may be dumped out and reused though.
The nut and washer need to ordered separately. Please give us a call at 888-686-7245.
Thank you for your interest in our products. Here is our listing for the tool: http://www.amazon.com/CABLE-CRIMPER-cable-railing-systems/dp/B009HV0QZW/ref=sr_1_cc_1?s=aps&ie=UTF8&qid=1403366679&sr=1-1-catcorr&keywords=cable+crimper+swaging You can also calll us direct at 888-686-7245 8-5pm pst Eric
We will ship the items in bulk. If it gives you an outrageous shipping charge we will correct it to reflect actual shipping cost. Your credit card is not charged until we finalize the order on our end.
Hello Lindsay, The price for that item should be correct now. You can contact us at 1-888-686-7245 if you have further questions. Sincerely, Boyd Malcom Stainless Cable and Railing
Thank you for your interest in our products. For the 3/16" size, the thread length is 3 1/2" and for the 1/8" size, the length is 3 1/8". The only restriction is our warning that these fittings are not to be used for lifting or hoisting purposes, but are intended for use in architectural railing systems. Customers do use these fittings in a variety of applications and properly swaged fittings can approach the breaking strength of the wire rope, but is dependent on many factors. To be assured a cable assembly will meet a certain working load, you would need to go to a rigging company to proof test the assembly. Thanks Eric 888-686-7245
Our apologies for the confusion. It is a data entry error on our part and we will correct it. You are only receiving 1 Field Assembly fitting at the full listed price of $6.95. So if you need 10 fittings it would be $69.95. Thank you for bringing it to our attention.
10 pounds.
I think 50 feet
~ 11" wide across your back ~ 9" deep off your back ~ 23 inches tall, including the elbow hose fitting at top The wand is ~55" and the hose is ~52" - the specifications section of product page should list exact measurements as well, as will several other websites that sell these; including weight.
The wand completely rotates - that is, the bend does not have to get in the way at all. If I bend down a bit, I easily clean under a queen-size bed.
If using in a home environment where space is tight and hiu have to go under stuff, telescoping is best. I started with 2 piece and it was way too long. In open spaces I can see that it would be preferable. It was quite long.
Not sure, but its not as loud as others, not annoying
We have not had any issues with this; however, I try to get my team to not vacuum up tacks and paper clips. We have used our vacuum for about six months. Any chance your team is letting them get too full?
There is no built in slots for the tools, but if you are clever enough to use other hook like materials you can definitely make it happen
Yes, but a shape that is for only this vacuum
Not sure
Yes. It's vinegar.
Just plain old vinegar. No additives
No, label: containing 5% acetic acid. I do feel it is stronger than regular but this may still be food grade.
A couple of websites says it's 5% acetic acid, which is what you find in your local grocery store. Seems the 20% stuff is way more expensive and hard to find.
No it doesn't include those extras. I bought it for my 11 year old grandson and his father who's a nurse ssid it was better than what they had in school. Best purchase ever. I did however buy a metal case to put it in to protect it. Which was another $100. He made his own cultures and won his school science fair. Went on to district and is competing at county level next. He can't go further because he is only in fifth grade this year.
Yes you can! It is a good item for a good price. You won't regret buying it.
Thank you for asking a question. No, it is still the same version of the same model. Nothing has changed. We are currently transforming to become an Amazon Vendor. There has been some listing issues undergoing that we are proactively trying to solve with Amazon. It will be fixed soon.
Thanks for asking a questions about our product. To view a 3 dimensional object, it is best to use a stereo microscope. It offers lower magnification level, but a more comprehensive view of the object. B120C-BK-BS is a compound microscope, which is usually used to view cells or micro tissues.
I would say yes, but I would call AmScope @1-888-950-2888 to be sure.
No
Yes, this is a medical facility quality microscope. It is made very well with heavy metal lenses and a heavy metal scope body. Brother in law, who is veterinarian uses the same one in his office. Heavy Sturdy Materials = Great quality equipment
Uses the disc like watch batteries, as to the LEDs being shielded or aimed, they are not and pretty much useless for lighting up the mirrored image, not my favorite tool!
Sorry, this is not designed that way...the switch for the L.E.D. lights is on the back side of the mirror.
2032. It comes with 2 batteries installed and 2 extra ones. Be VERY gentle with the tiny screw that holds the battery compartment door closed.
Hello and thank you for your inquiry. You will not have to assemble this safe. It is fully assembled. Thank you and have a great day!
Yes to both, but you may have to angle it or completely turn it sideways especially if they also have scopes/optics on them
Yes! It comes with heavy duty anchor bolts. You can bolted to wall, it has Pre drilled holes for it, or you can anchor to the floor. It is a solid safe...
I wish you could. In my manuel there is nothing about turning off the sound. I have also tried over the last three years since I got it.
There is a slight mechanical sound as the keypad entry unlocks the bolt with some sort of actuator. Turning the big handle releasing the bolts sounds like a metallic movement like a movie sound effect for a safe. It's fast to open in my opinion that trumps making a bit of noise. I added shelves to my safe since my long guns weren't that long making for more storage for handguns etc.
This is a gun safe. Designed to fit about 5 long rifles and several hand guns on a separate locked drawer writhing the safe itself. I don't believe it is UL RSC rated. If you're expecting a fireproof safe or one made of 1/2" steel plate then this isn't the right product for you. If you are looking for a well built midrange safe that can wistand punishment form a burlgar and prevent unauthorized access by your children then this is the right product for you.
Yes I would think it would. Crossbow on right side and rifle on left. May cross over a bit with the crossbow. I love this safe
No adjustable shelves, it's just open for rifle storage. You could possibly hang a pistol in a holster on the inside of the door. Right now I store two of my handguns on the bottom of the safe. The top inner compartment is just big enough for my .38 revolver. I only use this to keep my guns away from the kids, so the lack of a shelf is not an issue for me.
The plastic piece has to be pried off. Using a small flat head or a butter knife. It does come off. I just recently did it because the battery died on my key pad.
Thank you for your inquiry. The safe is not fireproof. Thank you and have a great day.
No, u litterally have to have a tiny nub of a tooth to get one of these over it. A total waste of money.
They are temporary and the color will be as natural as your filling in it. I use natural. It lasts a month or so on.
I'd say no.
You would have to have the entire tooth missing in order to do that
They have several different sizes, you have to match it to the size of the tooth.
As long as both surfaces are dry the bond is good. Once on the tooth wetness doesn't affect it. This material should not be used where it can be seen because it discolors rapidly. I have had a "wad" of it on a broken molar for well over a year. I have also used it to maintain the space between teeth if you lose one. I used the material to maintain proper spacing between teeth while I saved up for an implant. If you buy this material as a tooth product it costs 10X more than if you buy it as a general use product. Good Luck
Hello and thank you for this information. I apologize that this has happened. In order for us to look into this we will need your order information. Please advise. Thank you.
mine relocks, but I do have to turn the knob back to original position, and it stays locked until pin is typed in again
No
i think so, i keep a 9 mm in it and plnty of room to spare. do you need this for foster care or cps
no
after entering the code make sure you press pound
There should be a key that shipped with the box as well that should open it. Additionally I believe it should have shipped with a default code and that should be in the documentation.
lol, your better off than me. I lost my key. But it seems to me I had the same problem, and it turned out to be I just had the have the open and close handle in a certain position for the key to work. Play with that sequence and hope it helps.
Yeah it is. AS FACT im running MAC 10.8.0 and runs flawless
near 2000x when use immersion oil....
it has been a while since I used it but, if I remember correctly Its just plug in.
THE CAMERA INSIDE BOX 2.0 MP,
Unfortunately it will not. -Peter
Hi James, Yes it comes with all the parts to install it and it is easy to put on. Model: SE45 UTV Series Rated Line Pull: 4500 lbs. Motor: 12V DC, 1.7 hp Permanent Magnet Gear Ratio: 166:1 Gear/Transmission: All-metal Planetary Gear Drive Brake: Dynamic and Mechanical Clutch (free spooling): All Metal Cam Activated Freespool Drum Size: 2.0" (D) x 3.19" (L) Synthetic Cable: 15/64" (D) x 38' (L) Smoke color Fairlead: Multi-directional Roller Control: Deluxe Handlebar-Mounted Mini-Rocker Control Switch and a Heavy Duty Corded Remote Switch Winch Dimensions: 14.6" L x 4.55" D x 4.82" H Mount Plate: Fairlead Mount Only (A Model Specific Mount is necessary for your make and model ATV) Mounting Bolt Pattern: 3.00" x 4.875" (4-Hole) Recommended Battery : 12 Amp/hour minimum Warranty: Limited 1 Year Winch Weight: 33.65 lbs. (complete kit) Thank you, Becki
I had buy the mounting plate separate.
Yes it will work with the electrical, but this winch is made for a ATV or UTV.
It should fit if you get the right mounting plate for the RZR
Idk. I installed on a 2014 rzr 800s. It went perfect!!!
Yes
It fits standard winch mount plate so it should. It bolted right on my prowler. I've never had a rzr so not sure how winch mounts on them.
I believe the 1000 and the 900S 60 inch wide are the same chassis. I put this on my RZR 1000 and it fit great a little closed to one of the radiator hoses. I would recommend wrapping the hose so it doesn't rub a hole in it.
I have no idea, if you get the right mounting bracket it might.
I didn't use a fuse block I went straight to the battery. I used the wire that came with the winch and have had no problems.
It is a little over 2.0 cubic ft.
barrel.
Be sure you put the batteries in correctly. Batteries on the left point down, batteries on the right point up. Open the door completely and push the red reset button. The yellow light should flash. Set your personal code (3-8) numbers and press * or# to confirm. The yellow light will turn off.
I haven't yet because I only bought it a few months ago in the spring, but I was thinking this might be an issue as it's kept in the garage and as I store laptops and electronics in it, I bought bags of silica gel to scatter around the base of it.
Yes, if don't mind bending down to open the safe.
Three bolts. Top, bottom and one side. They look like 3\4" but I will measure and post an update.
Fortunately I haven't had any problems so I'm sorry but I can't help you
Both the bottom and the back.
Four holes on the bottom, four holes on the back. The spacing of the holes on the back, are such that if you intend to go into a wall stud with 16 inch center spacing you would only be able to use the top and bottom holes on one side. The (back) holes on the width dimension are 11 inches apart, center to center The (back) holes on the height dimension are 18.5 inches apart, center to center If the wall studs you have are 16 inch on center...well as you can see, it is not going to line up. The width of the safe is the determining factor on this and hence the hole spacing so it is really a factor of the safe width and not a miscalculation of the holes on the back and their spacing.
Sorry, I don't know the answer to that.
It is not fireproof.
It does beep when entering the code and I have no idea if it can be shut to silent
That's not a question. The safe is designed to be opened with a key if desired. There is a small plastic cover over the key hole. It might not be that easy to remove. It is located between the keypad and the knob which operates bolts. You have to turn the key, and then turn the bolt.
Yes there is a backup key but normally you would use the keypad. The mechanism is cheap. I have to hit the front door to lock the safe. I would bring it back but I brought it to Costa Rica to my place down there so I am stuck with it.
No I couldn't and I still cant
yes, you could cover it and that may help preventing it from being seen for what it really is. I have a much bigger safe that was completely missed when my house was robbed 20+ years ago and the robbers had plenty of time to go through the house because it was covered with a blanket. So it can't hurt.
It's got them both We have the safe screwed into the floor It had two predrilled holes on the bottom
It is attached to bracket with screws.
No, no lighting at all
There is about 2cubic foot of space in the safe. There is plenty of space for anything of value, and it also comes with one shelf, and two backup keys to open the safe.
With the shaft facing you is how you determine clockwise rotation. So the shaft will rotate to the right as if you were following the face of a clock
Yes
Both. Cast top end and bottom end is aluminum
I believe it is looking from the motor
Yes, this pump works great on my woodsplitter.
Dear Customer, According to the equation: Fluid Power (HP) = Pressure (PSI) x Flow (GPM) / 1714 The HP required is 22.75. Cheers, YZOUTLET
more than likely, about 2-3 gpm at around 300 psi
The bolt pattern is 4--3/8in holes spaced 2inches apart in a square pattern. the shaft of the pump is in the center of the square. it is .500in diam. hope this helps..500 is the same as 1/2in.
Dear Customer, This 2-stage pump is excellent for use log splitter, press & machine tools, power units for snow plows, small displacement and modest pressure hydraulic system. It can provide faster cycle times & higher possible pressure with small engine. And the features & specifications as the following: The 2-stage pump is excellent for use log splitter, press & machine tools, power units for snow plows, small displacement and modest pressure hydraulic system. It can provide faster cycle times & higher possible pressure with small engine Stages: 2 GPM: 13 Construction: Extrusion Aluminium Max. Operation Speed: 3600RPM Max. Operation Pressure: 3000PSI Shaft Extension: 1.5" Shaft Diameter: 1/2" Keyed Shaft: 1/8" Squarex. 0" Inlet Port: 1.0" Diameter Tube Outlet Port: 1/2" NPT Thanks, yzoutlet Max. Operation Speed: 3600RPM Max. Operation Pressure: 3000PSI Shaft Extension: 1.5" Shaft Diameter: 1/2" Keyed Shaft: 1/8" Squarex. 0" Inlet Port: 1.0" Diameter Tube Outlet Port: 1/2" NPT Weight: 6.3lbs
Dear Customer, The PSI should be 3000. Cheers, YZOUTLET
Yes. It will fit any EOS mount camera.
I have a Canon T3i which is similar to the 600d. I believe it will fit. I don't know if they offer more than 2x mag. You might have to contact Amscope to be sure.
Yea thats what i use
The c-mount on this device is fixed, and it fits my standard c-mount scope. I am not familiar with different sizes of c-mounts, so if there are different sizes than it fits the standard (1x) mount.
With a 40X objective, you will get between 480X to 600X.
Yes.
According to Amscope's website there is only one version, the CA-CAN-SLR. I think the II and III are just sellers trying to differentiate themselves.
All compatible cameras listed in description are "EF-S" mount cameras. The 5D Mark II is an "EF" mount camera. EF mount lenses fit on EF-S mount camera bodies, but EF-S mount lenses do not fit on EF mount camera bodies. So if this adapter is an EF-S mount, it will not fit on the 5D Mark II (or Mark III or any full frame Canon Camera) Now I am not saying it won't fit, I'm just stating that if it's an EF-S mount, it won't.
I tried using mine in front of a CCTV camera to reduce glare from fluorescent bulbs. Didn't work. The lens is polorized fine, just didn't work for my application.
The kind I bought appears to be linearly polarized. But I think I came across circularly polarized filters when I was shopping.
No.
It is possible but I wouldn't recommend them because their optical quality is not good enough for such applications. Use a good quality glass polarizer.
This film is a linear polarizer and won't work with auto focus cameras. I use mine to polarize my flash output while my lens polarizer is set orthogonal to it. This is useful for making images of dielectric materials with crystalline structure. For your purposes you probably need a circular polarizer. Cokin makes one for its p-series holders.
I would have to refer you to Cokin as to the compatibility. The item you are inquring about is one 6' x 6' filter.
This material could work. It is roughly the thickness of a credit card. I used a piece of it that I placed in front of my HD action cam for when I ride my ATV. It works well for that, I just had to make sure the polarizing sheet was aligned properly to filter the light. I does have a dark gray tint like sun glasses.
The listing for polarizing filters is for one filter. The photograph is designed to show the transmitted light passing through the filters being turned 'on' or 'off'.
15 thousands inch thick, The 6 X 6 sheet had slight bow (approx 1/4") when delivered.When I cut into one inch squares not noticable.
You will want a circular filter for that. These might help if you have reflection from the inside of the glass
NONE, of which I a'm aware.Having recieved the set(I love them), IF you prefer the "scientific" weights, that DO have tolerances such as +/-.003gr.-then I would suggest that "level" of item. These work fine. Additionally for the price-they are difficult to beat!~ Good Luck...
Both. The description is accurate. The weights are stainless steel with a chrome plating.
My review has no mention of total weight so I find your question confusing. Sorry.
They are very accurate as far as I can tell.
The door has to be removed from its hinges to install or replace the unit.
it takes up no more than 3/8" it may work with a "High Dome" threshold added
Not really. yes if the floor is flat but not level. If there are bumps or swalls no.
Nope, max trimming is 2 inches, any more will destroy the lever that retracts the seal.
To keep stuff on one side of the door moving to the other side: IE dust, air, sound, nisse without the inch high metal strip that other door bottoms require.
No! You have to take the door down & cut a mortise in the bottom & it is not seen from inside or outside. I have done dozens of them as a contractor (carpenter by trade) & they are not easy for a novice to do! Need all the right tools!
It has a 4 foot hose---but I recommend an extension wand if you want to reach high wall and ceiling areas---you can get this on line
i weighed it on my bathroom scale, 13.9 pounds. it's super easy to use, especially if yu are a senior citizen, i'm over 75 yrs old, and have no problem using this, also very easy to clean. hope this helps.
the cord is 30 ft. I also have the Shark Navigator Professional which I like so much better than the rotator. The Navigator has a dust cup that holds 4.4 qt while the rotator has 3.1. I believe that the Navigator also has a wider cleaning path. Overall, the cleaning and handling of both are equal.
It has a five year limited warranty. Deatils at www.sharkclean.com. Enter model NV450 and look for the parts and warranty tab for details.
No, it is not cordless.
They have other devices for the Rotator and they also have the steam device. Just make sure you understand you are getting what you are paying for, I did not want the steam cleaner and Shark didn't send it. They also didn't send the addition device package which included the long cleaning wand for reaching under appliances. I should have received this. When I called Shark about it, they said I could get it for cost and shipping. I was surprised, 'cause they have a decent produce. Just review you order. Good Luck
It works really good for me and my dog is a lab-terrier mix so he sheds a lot of hair. My carpet is dark brown and black and the dog hairs are white and beige and I don't see any left when I vacuum with my shark rotator. I love it! It's a powerful little vacuum.
Answer here...suction-driven
yes it is
The cord is average. Not hard to push at all. Actually when you switch to carpet, easy to do just push a button, the vaccum takes off by itself! Great vaccum..
To avoid scatter on non-carpet floor (with any vac) you need to turn the brushes off first, and/or lower the head so small stuff can't escape between floor and vac.
I don't know it's exact weight but it is easy to maneuver. I LOVE THIS VACUUM! It was a wonderful investment. Easy to use and sucks up everything it runs over.
This vacuum, along with most other Shark models, is covered by a 5-year Warranty. For questions regarding the warranty you should probably contact Shark/Euro-Pro directly. Their contact information can be found at sharkclean.com.
your question did not come over clear. I had a first generation shark and it bombed on me. this one I am happy with. it takes more passes because it is not very wide,but owning Dyson's and every other vacuum model, I love this thing. Btw, Walmart had it for $10 cheaper, but it was not in stock. hope this helps
1 year warrenty.
The most-used ones are onboard, and there are a couple that need separate storage.
Yes, it has turned off/on. Look down at left side of the canister with big red button (Brush Roll). Check Quick Guide book.
The dust cup empties quite simply with a latch located on the bottom. You hold it over the trash can and release the latch and the bottom of the dust cup swings open on a hinge and the dust falls out. There is also a similar latch and hinge on the top end of the dust cup to allow access for easy clearing in the event that anything that might have become stuck inside. The removal of the dust cup from the vacuum cleaner is simple as well with a release located right on top where the handle for the dust cup is.
25lb to 30 lb and it's kind of heavy.
1200 Watts - Hope this is helpful. This iis a great vaccum cleaner,
All day
Any pump will work with our oven, as long as it has 3/8" hose barb or KF25 fittings (or you can adapt it to have those fittings). The CFM will depend on how fast your process requires you to reach full vacuum.
yes there is a cap. tho it is not sealed.
This oven comes with a KF25 vacuum connection on the back of the oven. If your pump does not have KF25 for its vacuum connection, then yes you would need some kind of adapter that converts from KF25 to what your vacuum pump uses. (Since we don't manufacture CPS pumps, we can't tell you what to use. Please check with them to find out.)
No. It has on/off, temp and vacuum release. However, you can plug it into a timer
Yes. The oven only comes with two racks. You have to purchase the other two separately. Buy 4 of the solid metal ones from AI, they distribute heat more evenly than the grated racks.
The oven uses precise ambient temperatures along with an uninterrupted -760 Torr vac together to allow for a thorough degassing .
Some come with a pumps some don't you have to read. It needs a pump to work the higher cfm the stronger the pump 7 cm works for me
Yes
if your talking about an exhaust filter then yes but you have to figure out which one fits your pump when you updrade to a certain size cfm ( I cant recall) they come with a small exhaust filter built in, but guarnteed asking this in the robinair pump page would get you a more definitive answer. Hope I helped
Odoban does have a slight scent at first - kind of a cross between an antiseptic and Pine Sol but the scent disappears in a minute or so.
Yes, it works great on pet orders. I use it even to wipe the litter boxes of my 2 cats out. It really does work!!!
It works on all laminated surfaces.
Yes- odoban makes a cleaner that is concentrated and can be added to laundry as well.
Didn't use it on wood floor, so can't answer either way. However, not too impressed with this product using it on linoleum floor as it did not work too well. Did find another product on Amazon that works very well on pet odors overall.
Don't know, I bought it for accidents my dog has.
I don't know personally if it would work for human vomit on upholstery, but I use it to clean pet stains (such as vomit and urine) from my carpet and I love it!!!!
I have never used this to remove, but just for cat and or dog odors in the house and car, it does great...you might try cat litter or at a store they have oil pick up sand the absorbs it
I didn't use on a mattress but I did use on a chair. I've sprayed directly and used it in my carpet cleaner. Works really well.
We've used this on almost every thing vertical in our house, unfortunately nothing vinyl. It works great to get rid of the stains and smells, especially if we miss an area for a few days. We had both our male cats fixed but for some reason they still occasionally spray. Sorry we couldn't answer your vinyl concern.
I is 3 small 5g packets (15g total).
I think sugru would work well for this.I've used it to fix broken Lego trains, garden hoses and electric cords. Instructables.com and the Sugru website have additional ideas and uses.
It does dry out eventually, keep it in the fridge for a few extra months. I think it lasts at least 6 months in the package but probably not 2 years unopened. I do have a hook I made out of Sugru that has lasted over 2 years in my kitchen so once it cures it lasts for a long time.
I believe it was 3.
I think it's a little too soft for the tac, but should work fine to act a a glue for loose bottom.
I've tried twice with freezer bags. It didn't work either time.
Yes it comes
Buy several of these if you use multiple pads, makes it much easier to get good results, particularly on laminate floors. We use a three pass method and get great results, 1st pad to apply a50/50 solution of vinegar and water, a second buffing pad to finish cleaning and a third pass to polish with a lambs wool pad. Get great results. We don't have a multi purpose machine, don't need one.
It fits perfectly. I own one
At the bottom of their home page, Oreck [http://www.oreck.com/] has provided a link to the list of user guides for their products. Thinking that I needed one of these also, I bought this pad holder as an accessory to the floor machine but, one was also included with the main unit.
I would say no but this would be too harsh for plastics of any kind. You would be better off using the polishes that are designed for like headlight lenses for cars.
I'm sorry, I really don't know. I use the cerium oxide for lapidary purposes, works great for that.
It should not, but if the stone is very porous, it might pick up some color.
Norman, I personally didn't have any luck with the Cerium Oxide. I'm not going to say it can't work but the batch I received was contaminated with bits of sand. I could feel them under my finger as I mixed the Cerium Oxide into a paste before I applying it to a buffer. I worked the glass for about 1 hour and I really did not see any difference. I did see some other light scratches on the glass but I couldn't definitively say that it was from the Cerium Oxide. Give it a try you may have better luck. I gave up and I'll be replacing the entire window. Good Luck, Rod
I used it on a mirror and it worked well. It takes a long, long time to get any scratches out of anything - maybe hours if the scratches are deep. The stuff goes everywhere. Don't do it in a nice area. Don't get discouraged. I have read where people have used it on windshields but I have no personal experience with it.
There is only one unit!
I ride bikes as well and I would not use this mounting mechanism on a bike. It works well on the protected inside windshield of a car. For a bike I would use a more secure mount.
My EZPass transponder is like the one in the top picture. The top of transponder is thicker than the bottom.
No problems at all. It's stuck through hot and cold temps and hasn't dropped off once. I'm sorry you're having that problem with yours. Has Amazon offered to replace it?
Yes it does. If it does not we will refund your payment.
Yes it does.
No.. i did tried to put it there but after a while it keep falling off.. if its a plain tinted it will do...
No, not this holder, we have the EZ Flex-Port that fits the EZPass Flex and all other EZPass transponders as well. Comes in dark or clear thick plastic. Look for it at our JL Safety store here on Amazon.
Yes it does, and many in use in CA.
If it looks like the ezpass in the pic yes. It fits the pass from VA. I like it because it is easy to transfer between vehicles. So far so good.
It is virtually the same vacuum but is considered the "commercial" version as it has a heavier duty baffle as well as cones with an extra filter but it has a one year warranty as the bh50010 has a 2 year warranty
Seems very good with or without brush working. Comparable to our full size Kirby only alot handier.
We got the commercial and love it. For some reason it was actually cheaper than the HD.
11 inches.
I have bought 6 (for family and friends as gifts) and no one has needed one so I don't know
the front section where the brush is 3" high and the section where the canister increases to about 12" high. Guess it depends how high your bed is. I can tell you, if you buy one you will need a second battery to sweep any length of time. With the brush running, only get about 20 minutes of run time.
Mine is about half as loud as a regular, larger, corded 110 volt vacuum cleaner. If a phone were ringing nearby, you'd here it. If were ringer farther away (say 30 feet), you might not hear it.
Yes the head swivels and we love the vac
Between 15-20 Minutes
There is a tiny set screw underneath where the barrel meets the eyepiece. Loosen that and you can swap them.
Yes it will work with MAC. please contact us directly after you receive the camera so we can provide you with the software.
you need a very tiny screw driver. Buy a set of screw driver that you can use for fixing your spectacles. It is a set of 6 screw driver - only cost you perhaps 4-6 dollars (buy it in DIY store, you can find it in wallmart too)
HI, I bought it for my sister she is a vet. she used to see germ, microbe, bacteria, bacillus and she tell working great the best she for the money. I holpe this help. Thanks
It works fine with PhotoBooth on my Mac. Photo Booth doesn't have some of the features their software provides, but it's enough to see the image, capture movies, and capture photos. Hint: When taking photos in Photo Booth, hold down the option key when clicking to skip the annoying countdown and beeps.
I suppose so. It was a gift for our granddaughter.
Well scabies mites can be viewed with a pretty low magnification so I assume you would be able to see scabies fairly easily, but as I do not have a scabies slide of any kind I can't tell you for sure how it will look with the magnification and image enhancement for the computer.
I use Linux as Operating System. I use a generic (amazing) video software called VLC. Once you make the microscope image appears on VLC you can do whatever VLC does, like record a video, take a snapshot, apply filters (color, brightness...). It's works just like a regular webcam (but plugged in directly to your microscope).
My scope has not turned off while using it. I would guess a faulty power source or wiring - I would contact manufacturer for warranty.
You can download from.amscope site.
Yes
Yes. The optics of B120B and T360B are identical. However, B120B is a binocular, and T360 is a trinocular.
You can go to AmScope's website and it will give you all the information about this microscope. Here's what it has in the specification section. Mine came with just the 110V. Specifications : Eyepieces: widefield, WF10X and WF20X Objectives: Achromatic DIN 4X, 10X, 40X(S), 100X(S, Oil) Head: 30 degree inclined 360 degree swiveling binocular Interpupillary distance: 2-1/8" - 3-1/8" (53mm - 77mm) Adjustable ocular diopter Nosepiece: revolving quadruple Mechanical Stage: 3-D double layer -Size: 4-5/8" x 5" (118mm x 127mm) - Travel Range (X-Y): 2-13/16" x 1-3/16" (70mm x 30mm) Condenser: NA1.25 Abbe condenser with iris diaphragm Illumination: LED light, transmitted, intensity adjustable, GS and CE approved Focusing: coaxial coarse & fine knobs on both sides Power Supply: 100-240VAC, 50/60Hz, AC/DC adapter (UL approved) Included Dimension: 11" x 7" x 13-3/4" (280mm x 178mm x 350mm)
It has to be plugged into the wall. If you want a battery powered unit, please take a look at our monocular selections
About 300 feet.
1 roll
You can use black sharpie and it doesn't bleed, it's a plastic strip. Not really tape....
No. It's more to mark an area, not support weight.
No
1 1/4 "
It is plastic. There is no stickiness to it at all. I wrapped it around my tree's base, then I had to tape it on there to stay. Not paper....thin pliable plastic.
1 inch but it's crap
About 300 feet.
This product converts a digital (usb, optical, coax) signal to analog (rca) with minimal volume output. There is no headphone jack. Output should be fed to something with amplification.
No this has a type c usb input for connection from a pc not a flash drive
I wouldn't. The supplied power supply is 15v, 1A. I don't know how it's regulated inside the box, but it's likely that it goes through a second stage of regulation, dropping the voltage to the 12v range...at least that's how I would design it. If you drop the power supply to 12 volts, it'll mess up that circuitry. Even if you were to use a 15v 3A power supply, it's unlikely it would make any difference. Overall power consumption is minimal and going from a power block with a 15 watt capacity to one with a 45 watt capacity is unlikely to do anything. (And it might even hurt things...running a poorly designed power supply far below rated capacity can sometimes cause the output voltage to increase above spec. That might explain why it worked okay on the 12 volt unit.)
Hi, it can't work with Android 4.4 USB audio output. But TP30 can. You can see here. http://www.amazon.com/Topping-TP30-Digital-Amplifier-USB-DAC/dp/B005D7SKWK/ref=sr_1_2?m=A2X7X1KTPNWF1K&s=merchant-items&ie=UTF8&qid=1419326760
The LOCKED LED light just tells you what digital device is ready for use. If your PC is on and running and hooked up via USB, then the USB LOCKED light will be off, meaning that your PC is on and ready to be used. If you have your HDTV turned on and hooked up via OPTICAL, then when you toggle over to OPTICAL you will see that the LED light is off. If you have a third device like an Apple TV hooked up via COAX but that device is turned off, then when you switch over to COAX, you will see that the LED light is ON. The LOCKED LED light is red.
Just RCA outputs. Would need a seperate HF amp that accepts RCA inputs. Topping DAC sounds sweet.
No
I am not sure what you mean by "class one". If you are asking, is it a high quality device, I would say yes. You can read more about it here if you have not already http://www.headfonia.com/affordable-digital-to-analog-conversion-topping-d2-and-d20/
I think it will work, but the fan speed will be different--but don't take my word for it, I'm not an electrician
I am not sure, the voltage is ok but I have no idea what afc stands for or how it is related to the micofared (uf) shown on the pictured capacitor.
Capacitors are used to store electrical power. This one is used to give a boost to the start up of a ceiling fan motor. It has, if I remember right, one leg attached to the 120V feed line and one to the hot side of the electric motor. The 5uf stands for 5 micro farads which is something I learned in HS physics and have forgotten mostly but think it relates to the amount of the capacity the capacitor has for storage.
No. Capacitor should have double peak to peak voltage rating to be safe. Go for one that is around 500 or 600 voltage rating to be safe.
Wow...It's been a long time since i did this repair...I just don't recall. I would order both, and just return the one that doesn't do the trick.
I am not an electrician, but I never noticed that spec. I put it in my outdoor fan...and now it works.
sure--all the 300 means as compared to the 250 is different max voltages,,,,both of which you ain't even close to....it'll work just fine...
It is plastic. The holder is ok but I wish I had got the metal one. Hope this helps.
Not that I've seen or found. it moves around some while in use, but I've found putting it on a silicone non slip mat keeps it in place pretty well.
Heavy enough not to need tape. You certainly could put some underneath. It is flat. But you don't need it.
Smooth metal.works great!
Got a refund pay for one bleach.
We are selling 8 bottles per case. Thanks
Hi Casry, Number of Items 8
Hi, As per checking the listing, the item is case pack of 8. Thank you.
It's a set of 12, enough to make 12 bow ties.
No, there are 12 sets to make 12 individual bow ties. It's a great deal. I sell handmade bowties and it is the cheapest I have found on the internet.
As near as I remember, they were 3/16. I used one for a cumberbund also.
Hello Joshua, Thank you for your inquiry. These ship from our Western Pennsylvania warehouse.
Hello Joshua, We are Tequipmentnet.
Hello Joshua, We are Tequipmentnet and we ship from our warehouse in Western Pennsylvania.
The sides are not labeled - there is no way to visually identify north or south except by labeling them yourself. Note: I bought the N48 version and am shocked about how strong they are. It was difficult (impossible) to separate them without improvising in my shop a way to forcefully slide one off the stack horizontally! Yeow.
lol. Very Unlikely.
Hi! Around 1,000 each.
I never tried but having been a machinist before retirement, I seriously doubt it. I think that the drill "chips" would prevent the drill from cutting into them. And they may be to hard. But taking a better look at them, they seem to be crimped together, maybe filled with some magnetizing element. What the heck, if I wanted to drill a hole in them and they were mine, I would give it a try. L.
Yes.....These magnets are strong. Hope this helps...HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!
It depends on whether the magnet is against the metal directly with the weight glued to the magnet, or the weight is in the form of cardboard or cloth separating the magnet from the metal and providing effective slippage. The magnet is difficult to remove if holding something thin to a smooth metal surface. I would guess it will hold pounds as apposed to ounces.
These magnets are the same size as a penny.
Yes, use two magnets for a firmer stick.
Utube has a video from the company on how to get them apart.Put them on a table edge & slide them off.
Slide with your thumb
No, it's 110V.
The unit does not have a vaccum pump
Not a issue as all so long as the opening is the same size.
No
No
It has 3 different settings for closeness. Depending on what you are wanting to look at how large it is you could. But it could not be very thick.
Yes it does.
If you twist at the bottom of the eyepiece where the microscope attaches to it it will completly detach
we do not, our aluminum cases are currently discontinued.
I have not done this, it does not come with the cable. You have to buy it separate. I plan on buying one later. I believe this is the one needed. I think there are cheaper ones, this is just the one I picked out for ours to order at a later date. hope this is helpful . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005NCAT6U/ref=ox_sc_sfl_title_7?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A35BV4NHHC5J5C
It's about 5 feet long. I would certainly look into getting a crevice attachment of some sort as it doesn't come with one. I still love it however!
On Amazon! See the listing for the Vacuum itself and you will see. However the filter is durable and can be cleaned repeatedly. I use compressed air about once a month; just make sure you are upwind and that whatever is downwind won't mind a huge cloud of dust!
On my unit when the filter plugged it just restricted air flow as the air is drawn thru the filter. It seems like there is a different problem if its blowing dust out into the room such as something not seated properly.
I have not had to clean it yet, but when I do, that is what I will try 1st
No hot ash, there is a flammable HEPA filter.
Air Flow: 80 (CFM) Sealed Pressure: 40 (inches) Electrical Ratings: 120V 60Hz 6.3A Peak Air Watts: 130
Your choice, you have options of adjustable slot hieghts.
I am not sure about the one you are looking at, but I bought a 60 " one , they are available in both sizes. You have to read the descriptions carefully. I ended up purchasing 5 of the 5' tall shelves for my shed and I am pleased with them, but reading the descriptions was a bear.
I had to have my son-in-law bring it into the garage for me--He loads/unloads for a living and HE said it was about 60-70 lbs.
I took off the top shelf to fit under some metal beams in my storage area and its still very sturdy.
The shelves are adjustable so you can set them to the height you want. However, there is a 1 3/4" lip that hangs down from each shelf. Therefore, you couldnt have 4 shelves that would provide you with 20" height on each one. You could have 3 and then one with less storage height.
April I measured the depth of the shelf and it's 18 1/2 inches. The shelves are nice and sturdy, but putting them together using the connectors was very difficult for me. I'm 78 years old and maybe that was the problem. The company should design the connections with bolts instead of having to hammer the sections together.
The two frame pieces should meet in the middle of the coupler. You have to use a rubber mallet or a regular hammer with a piece of 2x4 to protect the metal to get it together. It is a tight fit
There is no connection on the bottom of the shelf. There is a lip on the top side of the shelf if you wanted it to hang off on the edge, depending on what kind of hook you had that would be pretty secure. Honestly, if I were going to hang lights, I'd run a piece of light weight jack chain diagonally between the 2 corner posts. The eyes in the beams would be easy to connect too. Then hang whatever you wanted off the chain.
It's a great unit for light use. I would not trust it for more than a couple of hundred pounds for each shelve.
I don't think that would be a problem as long as you weather treat the shelves because they come to you assist basic wood shelves without treatment
I used this on my refrigerator and didn't know the exact compressor size either. My refrigerator draws 7.2 amps and this device has been on my refrigerator for more than a year and has worked perfectly. Look on your rating label where it gives the model and serial number for the refrigerator. If your refrigerator uses 7.5 amps at 115/120 volts or less then this device should work fine for you.
Likely will. These are rated for HP motor ratings and fridges have small motors. The mid sized GE fridge I put the relay in has a 1/12 HP motor. It has been working perfectly with this relay. I recall there are only two sizes of start relay to consider.
its definitely worth a try. I installed it on my freezer. saved me from getting new one. check on youtube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-47kVjzurF4
I don't know what a gs23wstass fridge is but it the starter cap is bad and the compressor is good it will work My fridge is working great three or four months now.
http://forum.appliancepartspros.com/refrigerator-freezer-repair/535279-kenmore-255-19502010-kenmore-19502-a.html This article says yes but I put one on a maytag side-by-side with a bad starter and it started right up. the next morning I got called back cause it quit again and this time the compressor locked up and I burnt up the defrost board. It might work but the right part shouldn't cost that much.
Yes as long as you wire the start, run, and common correctly to compressor it will work on any refrigerator. Of course the power also has to be hooked correctly to ensure the compressor goes off with defrost and thermostat.
I am not a refrigerator repairman. I bought the 810 for my 12 yr old whirlpool and it wouldn't work I bought a 410 which did work.I also could not find a HP rating on my compressor either. If you read on some of the appliance forums the HP rating is a mathematical calculation. The 810 I bought is sitting in a drawer collecting dust. So my advice would be to keep doing research to find the right one.I have even heard that these hard starts don't work on newer appliances. My fridge has been humming along with the 410 kit. Hope this helps.
No I think 410 is stronger..for bigger machines
How many cu. ft. is the frig. and can you find the amps on the compressor.
It should work. Verify the voltage and HP rating of the compressor to ensure it's the same as the 3n1 rating.
I use it b/o I have a small, narrow bite. It's about 25% larger than a child's brush and would probably be good for a child over 6 or 7.
It is one toothbrush, but it is the best toothbrush I've ever used! I started using it about a month before a teeth cleaning, and I got the best report I've had in a while. I won't use any other kind now. Definitely worth the price in my opinion.
the package on my 509 summit sensitive says made in china. no surprise there!
They are ultra soft - the softest I've ever tried though I don't know what Nimbus is. It's compact I think, just to offer a smaller size for people who have smaller mouths. It doesn't feel too small to me. Feels just right. These are truly the best and kindest toothbrushes I've ever used. I have a tendency to brush too hard and this brush helps keep me from doing that.
I have no clue. Sorry.
5 years from "recell" date
It appears to be 5 years.
Yes we do
I purchased my battery last year and the shelf date was 2 years, but I believe their covered for a year after the date on the battery. I guess you should be able to write to the seller (or call) and check on this. There are Medtronic batteries and after market ones.
In theory, the battery should be replaced when the expiration date is reached. In reality, the battery may br fine long after that, especially if it is stored in a cool, dry place and is not in the AED doing a self-test on a regular basis. Obviously, the batteries are highly overpriced for what they are. A biomedical technician can replace the lithium batteries inside the housing for a lesser price. Over time, getting the rechargeable SLA (sealed lead-acid) battery and charger will cost more up-front but over a decade would save you money. This would be particularly valuable for an AED that is used often. I try to always have a spare battery with any AED, as you don't want to have a dead machine when it's really needed.
I'm not sure. One of the ones I just replaced was 3005380-900. When I was looking for replacement batteries, all of the LifePak 500 batteries seemed to be the same.
Normally brand new batteries from Medtronic have a 5 year shelf life. When in a unit this time will probably be less due to use, as long as the unit shows it is okay the battery should be functioning normally
I used it make a TV out of my old projector. I have it hooked straight into my cable box and am getting HD TV. I couldn't be more pleased.
No
I'm not familiar with Netgear push2tv, but if it has an HDMI out port, then yes, I'm confident this should work just fine to connect it to a VGA projector.
Any auxiliary cable can plug into it. We use it with computer speakers.
Yes i use it in my galaxy s3 have it connected to a projector
Just as good as the original .kind of pain to put in
Yes this is the exact part for this model number.
We purchased it an it fit perfectly. We just installed it a couple of months ago.
yes, this is the right one
make sure the model number of washer matches the part. You might want to call the supplier and verify that it will fit. I ordered the wrong one and had to return it, (with no problem) and reorder the correct one. Outstanding service from amazon and the part supplier.
If fit my washer like a glove.
It is made from a blend of organic oils-Cinnamon, peppermint, spearmint, clove, myrrh, manuka -in a base of organic almond oil. It doesn't say what percentage of each but that comes directly off the label. I use it daily and it taste delicious
I only use it once a day and you only have to use 2 drops so mine last for quite awhile maybe 3-4 months.. Hope this helps
The instructions say "Use 2-3 drops on brush twice daily". I intended to use it as an oral rinse, but couldn't because I am very reactive to "everything" and I couldn't tolerate this. I think it is a good product though.
You can use the drops alone on your toothbrush or in addition to your favorite abrasive (tooth powder or paste). You can also use the drops with a little warm water as a mouthwash any time of day. It works very well if you place a drop on your string of floss to get between teeth. And many folks put a drop on their finger to massage a tender area.
Ingredients: Organic cinnamon oil Organic peppermint oil Organic clove oil Organic spearmint oil Organic myrrh oil Wildcrafted manuka oil Organic almond oil
Yes
On the label it says: organic and wild crafted essential oils of: cinnamon, peppermint, spearmint, clove, myrrh and manuka in a base of organic almond oil. It has a really pleasant, fresh taste and smell. My dentist says it is fine to use, but did caution that cinnamon has been known to irritate some people's mouths. Good luck!
yes
Ours blinks all the time
yes
I inquired with the seller of this product and they confirmed that it comes with the charging base.
Essentials came with 2 heads and replacements are available...nice set
The cuff worked well in all my nursing classmates including the skinny and petite people. I also used it in senior citizens without any problems. However there is plenty room in the cuff. The cuff has a metal ring which helps to make adjustments on the arm. It's an average cuff for average arms. The cuff is not for pediatric patients.
great use here in Puerto Rico, thank you
There is no problem to do it by urself. No need help from someone else
Yes. Or else you can't hear the heartbeat and find the systolic and diastolic on the meter.
The only metal on product is on the gauge. This is so you can attach it to a loop (not metal) on the cuff. I hope that helps.
This cuff IS latex free, and that's one of the reason's I chose this particular brand. It also got good reviews from healthcare workers.
No
The cuff lists a range of 25.4-40.6 cm. It is a standard adult size.
No, the cuff is an adult size and there is no other cuff for child included, hope that helps
Yes and Yes. The stethoscope is integral with the cuff.
yes
It was just set on zero it would not inflate and deflate properly do not get this cuff spend $5 extra bucks and get a better one
If you're asking if this is appropriate for a medical student, I would say "YES".
I got mine yesterday and worked great for about 5 minutes... But I noticed the SOUND on/off option wasn't available on my unit - as shown on the user manual... I then pressed the factory reset option (hoping the sound option would appear), but instead the unit completely quit working... Dewalt said there isn't suppose to be a sound option and didn't know why my user manual was showing it.... There was no fix so I ended up having to return it for a new one... The wait begins again....
They have. They decided that they will make it right next time and release it in 2014.
Hello. All prices are set by the Manufacturer or our Network Partners. We only post the best possible price available by our 1,800 distribution centers. Thank you for your question. Norex Customer Service
I had one and returned it because it was totally inaccurate. I built my house and I know where the pipes are, it was showing PVC pipes in exterior walls that I KNOW are not present. I wouldn't spend any amount of money on this - and I'm a huge Dewalt fan.
Well because it's too good to be true - i am really skeptical a product with their claims can be manufactured and retailed for 299$ - an over ambitious employee perhaps who couldn't deliver on his claim.
I am becoming skeptical that it will ever be released...I thought this was too good to be true...A real wall-scanner for 300 $ ?? The DeWalt website actually claims it is in stock both here and on other tool supply sites but all the sites they point you to are on "PreOrder" status. AcmeTools claims availability "approx September" while the other sites claim "avail July". On their Facebook page someone asks this very question on the 4th of July. A DeWalt employee answers the question on the 8th of July saying it is available and provides a link to their re-sellers list which I have pointed out mostly claim wrongly "In Stock". On the 10th of July the poster points out that the stores that DeWalt claim have stock all don't. They never reply to that afterwards - kinda just fades away.
It looks like the street price will be between $250 and $300. The list price is $349.
If you can get one for free, give it a try, but it's a total waste of money. I suspect that the only good review was done by a friend of the engineer that designed it.
Yes and you can adjust the straps to your liking! Hope that helps
No. Each pack contains one pair of cartridges.
You do not need the p95 filter, however, they are a nice add on pre filter that can extend the life of the gas/vapor cartridge. The p95 filter snaps onto the cartridge with a 3M 501 Filter Retainer.
They have the expiration date printed on the filter package. Usually a few years. I usually keep them about 2-4 weeks after opening, depending on the spray environment. I keep them in an air tight box when not in use. You can also use zip lock bags; otherwise they will become contaminated. If the environment is not adequately ventilated the useable time can be greatly reduced also.
These filters alone are not ideal for filtering dust particles. You will want to add a 3M 5P71PB1 particulate filter (with retainer) on top of the acid gas cartridge.
This cartridge would work, so would the 6001 cartridge, although if there is any dust in the environment you are in you would need the particulate filter that attach to these cartridges, either 5P71 or 5N11. An all in one cartridge would be the 3M 60923 or 60926
Formaldehyde
I would say yes. It has worked well for me appling liquid wood hardener, which is high in voc's, in my basement.
I'm not sure
Yes
Have you heard of Huff Paranormal? ( Steve Huff ) Check out his You Tube videos .... he has a slew of them, and I think he has mention talking with his Spirit Guide.. I do have spirits come through my P-SB7 and they have answered questions, and given names, and some have told how they passed. Hope this helps you with your question :)
AM or FM is personal preference. You don't use any one channel. Use the scan. I use FM and the highest sweep rate. There is no certain time of day. I don't think spirits care what time of day it is, but we ghost hunt at night. LOL :-)
You have to buy an external speak like you see Zack Bagans use on Ghost Adventures. You also will need a digital voice recording device to record your session because a lot of times you won't be able to hear spirits respond to you in real-time.
I agree with the other responder. This does come with an aentenna. I live in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area where almost every frequency has a radio station. I've had phenomenal results by removing the internal and external aentenna. And scan on AM. You can modify the speed in which it scans.
It does, directions are straight forward. I recomend recording session and using a speaker thats connected. Do not use the one on the unit it self. When you play it back after recording you can hear so much more. All voices you hear in the moment are class A. But, you need to use judgement on radio dj interference. Trust me you will know the difference. It is pretty much plug and play. I use 3rd fastest sweep. I think it the 200 sweep.
Still a lot of static noise
I suggest using earphones to hear clearly. If you use the box in a group, you need a certain amount of quiet to hear responses or any vocalizations. You can change the speed of the white noise between 200-500.
To remove the antenna is necessary to disarm and is extremely easy anyway for my use was not necessary, even if you want there are faradaith cases you can use.
Do not have that on mine I think mine is 1 year older
After 30 year with the scars on my body to prove it I can tell u for a fact they are real!! I have been attacked by them as have my kids. But do keep in mind that not just ghost /spirit can talk through the spirit boxes. Demons can and will pretend to be a spirit. If u have a spirit box just to play with it be careful. When u open any communication like a spirit box or a board you invite things into ur life u may not be able to deal with. Or want in your life. Contact those who know what they are doing and learn learn learn. I have helped alot of people with things of this nature and I have scars to prove it this is not a game to play with. So do learn before you might regret what you invite in. To this day I never wear anything that shows my arms or legs or chest in anyway. It's not fun to see the looks on people faces or to tell them how I got my scars. God bless and keep u safe
This product is PTFE or Polytetrafluoroethylene or Teflon in a solvent type base. The solvent evaporates leaving a lubricating film. Solvents contained: Heptane, Cyclohexane, Petroleum Solvent. See MSDS at: http://www.wd40company.com/files/pdf/WD40SpecialistDryLube-MSDS.pdf
PTFE = Teflon
this is good for sticky drawers and windows and doors anything that is hard to open, WD40 has a rust preventive that you want for your lawn mower.
This is a great chain lube because it doesn't attract sand and grit. After cleaning with a citrus based cleaner and drying the chain thoroughly, I spray this lube on. Really quiets the chain down and keeps it flexible. Be careful not to get spray on the wheel rims. Not good for braking.
Yes
It dries clear, but I wouldn't even think of using it on a pan you cook with! Non stick pans are so inexpensive, why risk your health? The can clearly states that it is highly flammable and can be harmful or lethal if ingested.
No
i would test it on a small area as the solvent in the spray might eat the paint off. We use it on RC car plastics and they are fine, but headphones might not fair well
I have used this product on my 5th wheel trailer's landing jacks and the slide mechanisms with great success. Prior to using the product I wiped off the surface dirt and any grease as best I could, they sprayed on the Dry Lube. All the areas I sprayed worked more smoothly without binding and do not attract dirt like a petroleum based product. If you are using this product in an area that you want to keep free of dirt and grime, then yes, I would recommend cleaning the surface area prior to spraying on the dry lube.
This works great with F-hole guitars but mandolins are difficult. The camera body is 2 inches long which is longer than the depth of most mandolins. So you can not get a straight on shot of the top plate. I think that this camera will still meet most of my needs for mandolins by taking angled shots. Sorry, I currently do not have a violin in my shop but I expect that it would be very difficult to non-usable for violins since they are typically even more shallow than mandolins. Even manipulating in my F-hole arched top guitars is not easy. Good luck.
This is a standard USB camera. Your computer should have software to use the camera, on Mac you can use photobooth. Maybe try Yawcam on windows (http://www.yawcam.com/)
Yes it works well I stuck it in a motorcycle spark plug hole and could see quite well it is not ridged so if you are trying to fish it through you have to tape it to a stiff wire
Yes it is in color. Mostly the right colors too. It is good as an inspection camera. Not good for photographic beauty.
no.
I plugged into a Windows 8 machine and opened VLC and it worked fine.
Yes, with photo booth. No software required. Tested with MacBook Air 11" 2013
Approximately six inches to several feet. As you pass the six foot mark, clarity degrades quickly as there in no ability to adjust focus. The light on the unit really helps.
It is on.
Yes, but you need to buy an adapter and you need to download an app for an external web cam.
It has a VGA camera and not really in megapixels.
Yes indeed. That especific camera is made for windows xp and only xp. No drivers available to upgrade. What i did i use it with direct VCR video cable to my tv screen then I capture the image from screen to my pc you can do that with videocap usb device
Hello Vaughn unfortunetly I coul not a seder your question because my camera never works. Good luck
I think it has a 3 month exchange/replace, but no other warranty that I know of. I had mine replaced shortly after purchase because of a flaw in the photo taken, but it was replaced by Amazon. It did take a while since they were ordered from China, but the new one seems fine nownow.
No it doesn't.
Yes
11"
These ramps are imported.
Yes, it's a pair
Nope they come with them
Basically, no. The tabs are narrow, but they have a hole to receive a wire for soldering. Depending on the breadboard, you might be able to force them in, but it would be risky. Most pots of this style are meant to be wired. Trim pots are more likely to fit a breadboard. try searching for "trimpot," "trimmer" or maybe "through-hole potentiometer." If you need it dual-ganged, though... best of luck. Might be simplest to solder/wrap hookup wire onto the tabs of this kind, in that case.
Not printed on them, no, just B10K
Nominally the display is in color, but from my limited experience so far, the lighting conditions where you'd be tempted to use the camera and the camera's source of illumination may not allow you to see color accurately.
Yes it can work for this. I have used mine in dryer vents and other enclosed dark areas. It will take a little practice getting used to the image, but overall I like mine.
The probe is 3/8" in diameter which is smaller than a spark plug diameter.
We do not have 10-20 meter camera cable. We do have 1 meter and 2 meter extension cable.
About 4 inches square. The cables pushed very well. Yes
The light works fine. It has different settings depending on how much light you need.
No
Oasis Scientific does not have a longer flexible cable with camera. However we carry 3.3ft, 6.6ft and 16.4ft long extension cable.
Yes, you can see. The image quality will not be the best due to lighting and focus distance.
As long as you are just looking for general pitting corrosion or rifling consistency, it will show you basics. I don't think I would rely on it for checking for cracks or other possible catastrophic flaws.
Nope, I looked on the back and there are no mounting holes provided. Look at an Ametek it has mounting screw holes on the back.
Yes sir, we actually just made a new listing for that model which can be found here; http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00M0AEKDQ
no...
Unfortunately as of today 6/11 the unit is on back order until next Monday. The 50lb models are available at Amazon and can be overnight. The 100lbs will be available for overnight on Amazon starting next week.
You can switch between peak measurement or tracking.
I can't specify "field of view," but what I can tell you - that I think is important for you to know - is that when I replace a 10x eyepiece in my low-power binocular microscope (1x objective), the image is greatly magnified from what it would appear through the eyepiece . . . perhaps about 5x as much (50x total?). I really would have liked it to stay the same, but I can understand why it doesn't. If you have a 40 or 50x eyepiece (or so) that you replace with the camera, my guess is you will see about the same picture as you see through the eyepiece. The clarity is good. Of course, it could be better, but probably not for the same price. Now that I understand the limitations, etc., I am quite pleased with it. I built my own lens and stand for it, using the barrel of a cheap flashlight and a double convex lens that just happened to fit the tube perfectly (24mm). I added a diaphragm to increase depth of field, and a baffle between the lens and camera to minimize "splash" within the tube. These are all held in position within the tube by O-rings (from Harbor Freight). The added diaphragm requires an additional light source, which I got from eBay for $3.50 (music stand LED lights on flex arms). Works pretty good!
I can't answer your question, but I can add that I tried the Celestron against this model and returned the Celestron. The Celestron had some difficulty stabilizing the image. Also, the software bundled with the AM Scope camera is pretty good.
Call AmScope co and they will send one and they will give you the upgrade site too they are good to work with.
Not sure I bought it for my 14-year-old daughter she absolutely loves it but they're very knowledgeable at am scope I would call them
I do not have a M100C but looking it up, it appears that the eyepiece mounting - barrel I.D. - is 20mm, whereas the MD35A has an O.D. of 23mm, so it won't fit directly, if I have all the right info. The MD35A does come with several adapters that I no longer have, but I believe these are all to adapt to larger microscope barrels rather than smaller ones. I would recommend that you measure the I.D. of your scope's barrel before taking my word for it, and also check the info on the adapters that come with the camera. Also, be aware (not necessarily a problem) that the camera tends to increase the magnification and decrease the field of view - roughly the same effect as using a 50X eyepiece. In a scope like the M100C (if it would physically fit) you might even like this result, but I wanted it for a low-power scope, and added magnification was undesirable, as I could no longer get the entire insect (or whatever) in the field of view. But other than that, I love this camera, and have found another way to apply it - to my own home-made 'scope' that I built around it. The imaging is excellent for a camera in this price range.
I am not familiar with the AMscope SE400Z, but on my scope my 10X power is in the eyepiece (1X or 2X primary objectives to provide 10X or 20X magnification), and the MD35 is about 5 times the magnification, or 50X. I didn't want that narrow a field of view, but short of messing with the microscope optics, I don't know how to change it. As for myself, I liked the camera; it does take reasonably good pictures, so I made my own lens setup by using a cut-down barrel from a Harbor Freight 9 LED flashlight (which the MD35 fits into quite nicely), and a 24mm dia. double convex lens that replaced the LED section - held in place by an O-ring. Works fairly nicely, but I have to admit that I went to a fair amount of trouble to set it up, and although I like the results, it is still a bit more powerful, with a narrower field of view than I would like. If you are a risk-taking experimenter and can cut the length of the eye tube down, and increase the distance from the primary objective to your subject (lens to stage), that MIGHT get the results you want, but that is risky business with a thousand considerations . . . In other words, I hope you can enjoy it the way it is, or send it back and try to find another alternative. Another possibility is to place a small concave lens (like from an old cheap film-camera's viewfinder?) in front of the microscope's objective lens, and, again, increase the distance from objective to stage . . . ?? That might do it, with a bit less risk/ Dunno.
I run it on Windows 8.1 - works fine for me!
1.5M pixels...
I would think so because it is made by AmScope. Works really well with my AmScope M500B-MS 40X-2000X. It comes with adapters.
Amscope has Mac user software on their website.
Yes, if you're Bobcat skid steer is 1995 or newer, they will fit perfectly!
Yes - as long as it is a standard width two pin system. Will not fit a mini skid steer. Great product. Get the longer forks - you will be glad you did.
If you have the same attachment plate as any skid steer it will. The sell conversion plates that convert any loader so it will take skid steer attachments.
As long as you have the quick attach with the two levers at the top, that adjust the two pins at the bottom, then you won't have any issues at all! If you would like to check to make sure your quick attach will fit our attachments, you can measure your quick attach pins from center pin to center and they need to be about 32" or 33" apart to fit.
If it has quick attatch
Yes, this frame is designed to fit the quick attach system that Mahindra uses.
The frame is made of grade 50 structural steel. The Forks are class II forged forks, also made from grade 50 steel. This attachment is rated to lift up to 3,500 lbs.
They are forks they will fit cat bobcat and similar
I think it will work. It worked on my Kabota bucket. I get a lot of use of those forks. I have a quick disconnect bucket...I removed the bucket and measured the distance between the cups then looked at the specs. Fits perfect.
These will fit any skid steer quick attach plate
yes, it looks just like the scale in the pic
Yes it comes in a decent plastic case.
which other one are you comparing it to? hard to say, without a link, with you only listing 2 prices
China
It's a combination
Yes, you can find several calculators online to compensate for the alcohol after fermentation. I have a refractometer and a hydrometer and I used an online calculator that wasn't accurate for this use. Plus it uses a much smaller sampling size compared to a hydrometer.
This is a cheap refrac. It doesn't calibrate correctly or hold a calbrstion. But a quality one instead of this one.
If the incoming air temperature is colder or warmer than the air in your attic it will work.
Yep
No. It is for close viewing of objects
Amazon seems to have lumped the reviews and maybe the question/answers for the VT02 and VT04 together, so potential customers need to pay close attention as these are not the same product. The usable distance depends on the size of the object you are viewing. I have the VT04 and it produces usable images of a house from across the street when checking for heat loss. The VT02 has much less resolution, so it's usable distance would be less.
Yes
Yes we can ship to Panama
The resolution of this equipment is not adequate to find leaks through a concrete wall. I suggest a higher resolution device
yes you can.
It is a visual thermometer, which gives the temperature accurately. But given its low price the resolution is not very good
Yes, it's a very nice product. Exceeded my expectations.
The hold is the last reading
No it will not
well you must see it after buying it but is a standard meter plug that goes right in to the meter bottom part, just get alligator up one end and the hook up for the meter in the other.
No. You have to use a AC line splitter tool found here on amazon. The line splitter plugs into the wall and then the lamp plugs into the line splitter. Then you can use your clamp meter to measure amps. this separates the neutral and the hot wire so you can meassure the amperage.
You don't test continuity on an energized circuit. You can test the voltage on any part of the circuit with this meter. Be safe.
Yes, the battery last a good while. The meter has a power saving feature if you leave it on and don't use it it will go into sleep mode turning itself off. It comes with 2 AAA batteries which lasts a long time. Very easy to replace, turn the screw in the back to unlock the compartment and remove the depleted batteries. Re-install with new alkaline batteries.
It will verify your voltage but not your sine wave. Are you trying to measure frequency or peak waves?
solo en AC
The audible tone is louder and it has a backlight on the display
Yes
There is a guide, but to answer your questions: Fill water to the bottom of the basket. Fill the basket with your plants, weight of the plant material depends on whether it is green or dried. The majority of the oil will be removed after 45 minutes of boiling time.
The connections of the condenser is not 'keyed' in a way that would prevent this.
I presently heat mine with and industrial heating plate to cut down on cleaning. However some induction plate can use only certain types of pots and pan. You have to read the instructions that came with heating plate to determine if it will heat the steam distiller.
No, you will need a faucet to a 3/8 tubing connector and 3/8 rubber tubing, otherwise you are good to go.
It comes with two hoses. One to connect to the water faucet and one for the drain. One will need to have your own sepretory funnel, which woks best for separation.
Dont know
I don't what quality it would be. Best to contact the supplier at there website.
Yes, I have run this on an induction burner.
no
Soxhlet extraction uses a solevent to pass through the solid material, and is passed through the material many times (reflux) before it is condensed. The solevent is then removed from from the solid with a rotary evaporator. This extractor uses steam extraction. Steam is passed through the material just once and is imeadiatly condensed back into liquid. The oil can then be seperated from the water with a separatory funnel.
Not sure. I am using them on Schultze TTL Loupes. They are not a complete perfect fit but they do okay for the price. I have had a problem with the light but they are sending me a replacement at no cost and with no questions or hassle.
1 year and replacement under warranty
No idea on most of your questions. I have a pair of Schultze loupes and they fit great. I couldn't tell you how much it weighs. I would say it is very light weight because I don't notice it causing any issues. It comes with one clip to clip onto scrubs. It does not come with anything to secure it to the actual loupes but I used an extra one that was floating around the office. Sorry that I can't help you more.
Customer, The country of origin is China. Thank you.
Just one time use.
Yes
lightly minty flavor - not over powering like some of the toothpastes can be
Normal toothbrush size; not short.
Yes, each toothbrush is individually wrapped in sealed clear cellophane.
Yes
I bought a set and can tell you the do not have oz markings, only ml
Yes, since the beakers are Borosilicated they can be used for heat and a lot by that. I used both Fire and a hot stove with no issues. Also very good on thermal shock.
I am an herbologist and make a variety of different items that include tinctures, essential oils and natural oils. I have never had a problem with any of them. I have never used lye or citric acid though so I dont know how they would work.
Borosilicate is a form of Pyrex so I guess quite a lot. I use mine as a double boiler, and for heat producing chemical reactions upwards of 310F.
Nope all ml measurements
Sorry that we just ship the package to US.
The outer diameter that fits in the syringe is 15.5mm.
The one I have is 0.61" so the id of the barrel needs to be slightly larger for this adapter.
one end is 3CC and the other is 10CC.
In case anyone is interested, here's the link to Consumer Reports' review: http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/news/2014/03/detergentless-laundry-systems-struggle-in-consumer-reports-test/index.htm and a response from the vendor: http://media.nbcbayarea.com/documents/pureWash+CR+response+paper+4-23-14.pdf . I do wish Consumer Reports had "busted out the microscope" as my needs, to take care of a sick family member, require killing microorganisms far more than stain removal or saving money.
i love mine, this unit works with both
No, this is why farmers like to use it. Ozone turns back to water only very fast.
It is not working, the light has to be blue. Call customer service
Not on the device I belive but dident read that into the instructions there is a lot of info on ozone on the net biggest thing is if your sensitive to Ozone it's best not to be in the room while you're doing the wash otherwise it's not that bad unless you stick your head in the washer
Unsure about your specific question, but I know it removes odors from laundry items. We have an older schnauzer who is becoming incontinent when she sleeps; mostly we keep her in a diaper, but on occasion we forget. I've washed her bedding on several occasions, my own clothes when a lap accident occurred, and a furniture pet cover or two. Without detergent, and in cold water per instructions, everything came out without any residual urine odor. Once a towel was used by our son on an accident and dropped off into a corner of his closet, where it went unnoticed until the odor became VERY apparent, even to him, lol. I was going to throw it out, but decided to experiment. After washing it in cold water, without detergent, the towel was unstained and without odor. I'm a believer. We have had our O3 Pure since Aug 2013. I do laundry 2 to 3 times a week and have had no problems with the unit. Our clothing smells fresh without any added chemicals or deodorizers, making my husband's sensitive skin itching problems nonexistent.
There are two types. You have to get the one for top loaders.
its low flow
The warranty is one year in household use. However, the unit is very simple and there are few things that could go wrong unless unit is abused or not installed correctly ( a chimp could install it). I wish I would have gotten one years ago. The only caveat is you must pretreat nasty stains and set you washer to a pre-soak to effectively remove them. Normal washing is simple, but I do run a presoak just to aid process. The upside is no scent on your clothes, everything smells like you hung it on a clothesline on a spring day. We live in a very hard water area and do use a water softener.
O3 might kill the beneficial biologicals in the soil, (not good) and will could interact with other chemicals and chemical compounds in your soil. Usually this is a bad thing.
No, it is not the correct one for a Cumberland Gap. It uses 3/8" Rope Gasket.
No, The Castile Needs the Tadpole Gasket. http://amzn.com/B006M2T9M0
I purchased separately on Amazon. High temperature will work. The color on the rope is dark. I installed myself. Fits you'll have some left over. Hope this helps.
This gasket is for a Classic Bay 1200. You need the gasket for a SantaFe. It is called the tadpole gasket #842-5130
Yes, It comes directly from Quadra-Fire.
No it will Not. You need the tadpole gasket kit. Part Number 842-5130
Hi Austin, Yes, the manufacturer uses the red 600 degree rtv silicone.
it's pure baby
I have used it in the deep freeze and left it in there for months and never had a freezing problem,my freezer is set to 15 degrees Fahrenheit.
Both sides are the same, so either side can be the bottom.
paper thin
Honestly I wish it was longer, 4 feet is enough to cut custom length for any dish or glass it will be laid on . Best around
The 32ga nichrome wire has a resistance of 7 ohms per foot. I did this very accurately using two different Fluke meters. Hope this helps. Best wishes.
Not sure of exact alloy but package said synthetic enameled copper wire, swg 32, tare wt. 15 gm, nett wt. 125 gm. It served my purpose just fine, when connected to a 12 v battery the wire gets red hot, hot enough to ignite a fuse so I can light a fuse remotely.
It will get hot , but wont break with a standard 9 volt rectangular battery. If you were to put a 35 gauge piece of nichrome directly across the terminals of an alkaline 9 volt battery it may get so hot that it could possibly incidences and break.
I use it for my rda and it works fine. Just before you build wipe the wire with a cloth to go off any dust or fabricating residue.
Yes. You need a power source with high enough amperage and it will glow red hot. 9V batteries work fine.
Disappointed, repels liquids amazingly, but leaves a sticky, tacky feel to whatever it is applied to. Definately not a smooth finish. Also leaves a slightly white opaque film. Does withstand sun, heat, cold, but doesn't do well with contact. You won't want to touch the item its applied to because of the film it leaves.
Yes: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPM8OR6W6WE&list=UUOE-Of0_96xY3Xf1lR4e2Sw&index=3
Hey Kathy, we use Ultra ever dry to coat components from water/moisture ingress - not sure about filter oil. There are two coatings, one bottom coating - grey and top coating is clear. cheers,
No. Not a good idea as it may destroy the plastic and/or glass. The chemical used is also not a good idea to press against you face skin. Also this product leaves a white haze over everything so your camera and screen would be cloudy. There is a company that now waterproofs phones. You have to send it in to them to do it though. I forgot the company's name but I'm sure with a little research you can find it.
Please contact me on watsap 00966508073513
It is a standard ATV winch which most manufacturers don't rec constant non pulling pressure that will damage the gears. For the price you can try it and try calling the factory, they answer every question and they are very helpful
I would think it would work fine you will just need to have a good place to mount it and you will also need a power supply that will handle the amp draw.
4 of them
it is 12V DC. Made to hook to your car or atv battery.
This winch has standard mounting holes and should fit any manufacturer's winch mount.
Yes
No
No it has to be mounted to a horizontal surface
I just measured a spare one that I have, 4 1/4".
I have had no trouble with it not holding
My upright is a Dyson and this vac is not as loud as that. It is a little louder than the last cannister I had but it does a much better job. The suction is great. My only complaint about the vac are the wheels. It is not as maneuverable as the previous one but it does such a good job, I will learn to put up with it. These small vacs need spinner wheels, like the luggagel
Yes, this works well on a lower pile carpet. I purchased this as a second vacuum, one up and one downstairs. It is light and easy to handle and does the job. It is however cheaply made, don't know how long it will last.
Yes it does. A fitting with a tang is clamped like a hose clamp on to the metal wand. It slides in to a receptacle on the bottom of the canister. The slide-in keeper in the picture is available on the non-beater head. The other attachments don't have the molded-in fitting for standing the wand upright in this flat position. I did't notice these great features until you asked about them. Thanks, Kitty
It doesn't have an actual handle but rather in the front underbelly of the vacuum a hollowed out space where your hand can fit and transport the vacuum around. I previously had a Bissell vacuum and prefer this vacuum to the Bissell. Hope that makes sense and is of help!
Not that I have noticed, but it is a tough powerful vacuum what I was looking for.
The bottom labeling says made in P.R.C. xox
It does have an odor, an odor that smells likes machinery, but I've had asthma and allergies my entire life and I like this machine. It does not smell like dust that you just vacuumed up. Btw, I forgot to say, I've had asthma my entire life, and it often helps to use albuterol via pump or via nebulizer about 5-10 minutes before vacuuming. At times it didn't help, it was best not to vacuum. This vacuum however has not put the dust back into the air like many with HEPA filter do. In the past I had a $400 vacuum that put out zero smell, but it broke and cannot be fixed. So I tried this one from amazon and it works well, the only smell I detect smells a bit like metal and grease, but no smell of dust going back into the air. I hope this helps
It's on the top of the vacuum just below where it says "ATRIX HEPA filter".
It works satisfactory, but since it is vacuum operated it must be kept clean as any resistance will slow it down.
The metal wand comes off and all tools can be attached to the end of the hose nozzle or the wand. The wand is in 2 sections but I don't think these separate but there is a button which allows you to push the bottom section into the upper section and this shortens the wand. Pat
You have to first purchase the MS-H280 and then ask for the free PT1000 sensor. You will require the MS-280's serial number in order to receive the free sensor.
The cord supplied has a standard US 3 prong plug 120 vac. No additional power supply is needed.
No
difficult to answer because there is too little info. Is there a magnet stirring the liquid rapidly so as to eliminate local heating? Is the sensor calibrated? Are you allowing enough time for equilibrium to be established in the hot plate? Is there a possibility that the hotplate control sensor is separated from the plate ( a mechanical problem)?
Yes
No. Only C.
The specifications say Voltage : 110Volts 60Hz, 515W -- I would contact Scilogex and ask if a European model is available.
I think so. It produces a great deal of heat at higher temperatures.
I am not a good person to ask. I tried to return this model and never got a response back from the manufacturer.
The sensor does not come with, however when you purchase the plate and fill out forms the sensor will be sent. My sensor came in a few weeks
Yes it is self-primed. I've install in my travel trailer and I'm so far happy with it..
If there is no pressure loss in the system I believe it'll work fine. Also, I don't think this is a permanent continuous duty pump. R.V., boat installations - fine, not a constant home use pump. If used that way I don't suspect it'll last years.
external diameter 10mm;inner diameter 6mm
I would not set it under 30# Less then that you won't have enough pressure
I used mine from ten feet down and had no problems.
3/8 npt
I have an older home as well with drainage problems from time to time. I do not need to use this product daily in my home. I purchased the product to get the bacterial balance back in the pipes as it was causing problems with drain flies. I tried every other product I could find locally. Flo-Kem did exactly what it promised to do in my situation and after 1 treatment the problem was cured. If the product says it will improve drainage then I would bet on it. My drains are working well and have not had to use any other products since Flo-Kem.
It helped our drains a lot. Even if they are not clogged, follow the instructions carefully and it might help to plunge the drains even though they are clear. You may find that after you put the enzyme into the drain that the drain clogs because of the smelly gunk that is in there. I just used it in a bathroom and the room smells good now! Good luck...
Our plumber told us about this product because of its use in toilets. So, yes. Let it sit for a while and do its job. Works great on drains, too!
I'm not a plumber, however I understand that slow-flushing toilets are generally related to mineral deposits, which this will not resolve. Also, when it arrived there was a sticky on the container indicating that it is not designed for home use.
Yes I have used it in my house for the past month or two. Had regular problems before, none since.
I have no idea about drain flies, but it clears drains, albeit VERY slowly, and dissolves scum and buildup. It did NOT dissolve hair which I had to pull out of the PVC myself. Now, it should keep the drains clear and smelling better.
I left it overnight.
A sink takes a 2 oz a treatment. The directions seem to be for commercial application and call for a daily treatment.
I think this product is an excellent try to rid that rotten egg odor...it's my understanding that Flo-Kem, this product, works great with all types of drainage pipes.
It probably does but i us it for oder of pets in flooring and clothes and sons work clothes .Does the job great.....
If you are brewing beer (or anything else) I would not put that wire in the liquid. There is too much chemical reaction taking place when brewing, and the sheathing on the wire may react or break down.
Yes, you can. I have mine stuck inside with aluminum tape. The cable is thin and long enough that you can place the lcd outside.
39 inches
They do not work... at all choose some other product
Not waterproof, only the sensor can be put in the water.
Good luck getting it... I tried and it was on back order for 3 months and I finally gave up...
heh?
Yes
Not a direct fit. I used some strip wires to fit them securely. I haven't had any issues after that. Suction is not a problem. WorKS good.
I had to tape it to the machine - it did not lock in
Don't know about the model but if this is an after market product the one I bought was poorly made and didn't stay put after a few days best bet is to to to shark website itself send get replacement from them it took few days to arrive and fits like it's supposed to.
It was too long for my Shark Navigator, I had to send it back.
thank you I did go to the actual website and am confident i got the correct part for my vacuum and saved a ton.
Yes, it worked on mine. Have a happy new Year! :-)
Not sure, I have the NV355. Look at the hose on your model and see if it has the two locking tabs on one end and the slip fitting on the other, like the one pictured on Amazon. Sorry I couldn't help more. By the way, the Shark website has model specific parts.
I have been personally assured that they are manufactured in Switzerland.
according to my Google search and details from other websites, this model has a range of 0 to 6" (150mm)
these are 6"
It really needs to be in the wall for stability
I can't say for sure but I'm sure it does. I have some keratin complex color and it's a bigger box and it fits ok
Since mine was in the color room in the back I just hung all of them with big headed screws. My racks are packed full and they have stayed fine for me. It's not the prettiest way to do it. But I never notice it really so nobody else will. But I absolutely love my racks they make it so much easier to organize and that way I never skip over an already half used tube! Enjoy!
Yes this will work I am actually building one my self with these diodes.
There are apparently 2 types of 1n60 diodes.what I received, I believe are actually do-7 pkg. Silicon schottky diodes at low ma. The forward v drop is around .2v but there use as a germanium type det. is up for debate. Prob not search for 1n34a. Not 1n60s unless the pkg. Is more like blown glass. germaniums are usually in ~8mm pkgs. Not small 4mm like 1n914's. Hope I helped
Depending on the forward current, about o.3 volts.
pls check the link for the details: http://phys.thu.edu.tw/~mengwen/exp-electronics/datasheet/1N60.pdf
pls check the link: http://pdf1.alldatasheet.com/datasheet-pdf/view/122948/FORMOSA/1N60.html
I haven't. These batteries have been working great for about 5 months now.
Unfortunately, I have already had to contact HQRP to replace the set I received from them approximately three months ago. I will say, they completed that task without question nor a cent out of my pocket (they covered ALL shipping costs). That said, when my original batteries died, Neato actually recommended I shop Amazon for replacements- citing Amazon would be cheaper. That statement is true. However since I've already gone thru one replacement set and hoping this replacement set will last, I'm not sure if I made the correct decision. I'd rather purchase something once (even with a slighter cost) than hassle with constant replacement. So in a nutshell, this company is fantastic to work with but I'm not convinced the quality of the product is there. Out of the box, they're wonderful- last long and there's even better suction from the machine. Over time (months, not years), they take hours to charge and only have a run time of approximately 15 minutes.
I've had my xv21 12 months. It runs 4 times a week and covers roughly 2200 sqft of real estate. My carpet is a short shag. All of these stated items are factors in how often batteries will need replacing. Hope this helps.
They should work in any Neato vac. I have not seen any that are better or worse. If you R thinking it will vac longer or battery will last longer it is not true.
Better than original. It runs for more than 1 hour.
The order with standard shipping will be delivered by Canada Post.
Sorry for your problem with the battery install. If the new battery is not defective, sounds like the main unit is defective. I obtained the batteries as a gift for my daughter. She installed the new batteries and selected the option of new batteries installed. Then left the unit in the home dock, charging overnight. Went from running less that 5 min to completing the whole area for approx 50 min never having to go home for a recharge. Runs like new again
I believe that since they are Ni-Mh batteries, they will be fine on the shelf for a year.
Sure!...just wash it or them in some warm water with dish detergent and a little bleach.Rinse, let dry upside down overnight.... and you're good.
It's no water gun, but if you squeeze the sides of the bottle you'll get a solid stream for about 3 second .
I use it for my homemade tooth paste, but for my tooth powder I use a shallow jar-like container.
I have only used oil, but I would think if you held it perpendicular, you should be able to get one drop fine control of something as thin as water. I doubt you be able to if you just held it vertically up and down.
From a google search, it appears as if LDPE is used for bleach storage in other applications, so I would think being of the same material, it wouldn't be an issue.
I'm sorry! I have no idea! You will have to ask the seller!
They are just in an envelope. The first one I ordered had to be returned due to damage, but they were quick to replace with a new one.
It doesn't. The caps seal them very effectively. The one problem is that the small mouths make filling them with non-pourable stuff--like flavored mayonnaise, which is my main use for them--pretty time-consuming. But it's worth it for the spill-proof and relatively air-tight convenience.
I am not the Seller...please ask Seller thankyou.
Not that came with mine.
This is a squirt bottle, just as you see it. Works pretty good. You can cut the opening to be the size you need. I use it in place of a Toto Washlet. :-)
yes. Right to the bottom.
I've got acetone in one of mine and haven't had any issues.
Hi, the U6439 is, about twice the price. So is the U6485900, only about $50 more, but doesn't look like its as much of a machine.
Our carpet is not plush. It worked well until it got clogged. I have not had this problem before and took it in to get cleaned, $53 later. Will pick it up this week.
The Hoover Windtunnel 3 pro bagless is absolutely great!! On any flooring and especially deep pile carpet. Try it, You"ll like it. Happy vacuuming.
It is exactly 19 pounds.
Mine bought and fulfilled here in US. It does not, 110 only.
No
When reclined, there is about 18" from the floor to the top of the vacuum before the beater bar starts lifting off the ground. This works fine for vacuuming under furniture such as a dining room table. As far as vacuuming under anything low to the ground such as a couch, it does not work, other than perhaps the very edge. If you want to vacuum under something low, you will either have to move the piece of furniture or possibly try the hose/attachments.
No, I've never tipped over this vacuum. Its been great, only complaint is that it is loud.
just a minute, I'' go look. Wait right here. They are a hard plastic covered with a somewhat softer plastic and that is covered with dog hair. hahaha it's a good vacuum for the price.
I have hardwood floors and area rugs. This vacuum has an adjustable deck which makes it rather effective on hard floors, in my experience.
Empty the canister often and keep the washable filter at the top cleaned out. The filter is the only thing that slows down this vacuum.
I also have the Air Steerable. The steerable is lighter in weight and does not have a place to put the small power brush on the unit. It also doesn't have auto-rewind. My biggest complaint is that I cannot vacuum my low pile area rugs. It requires too much effort. I guess the suction is just too strong. There is no height adjustment, either. It is a little easier to push on a wall-to-wall carpet, but would still give quite a workout. This one is heavire, but it is easier to push on my area rug. Not great, but definitely easier. More like the steerable on the wall-to-wall. Both are easy to assemble and both are easy to empty the dirt cup. They both work well on tile and wood floors. The steerable is nicer on that because it is easy to steer! If you have many area rugs, I think you would be disappointed in the steerable, as I was and I have noticed other reviews saying the same thing. Even Hoover's customer service mentioned complaints about it not pushing on area rugs. Oh yes, this one also has a headlight while the steerable does not.
Make sure filter is installed correctly and is clean. Call Hoover customer service if that does not help. I have had no problems at all.
The simple nozzel/brush plugs in to a short vertical post about midway on the vac's side. As for the spinning brush attachment, I belive you store that in your closet. They made this vac as compact as possible and there's just no place to hang, attach, or clamp it to the unit and not have look/be awkward. I have an older Dyson with a bunch of attachments, unfortunately, they have to sit in the closet as well. Like the Hoover, the fit but too much to hang all over the vac.
The Air Pro UH72450 dust receptacle has a larger capacity, and it comes with the turbo tool that the Air Steerable UH72400 does not have. The Air Pro also has 12 cyclones versus the 8 cyclones for the Air Steerable. The cyclones keep the dust from clogging the filter and prevents loss of suction. The Air Pro has a dial that switches the vacuum from floor cleaning to using the tools. The dial can be used to limit the strength of suction when vacuuming door mats and small rugs by turning the dial away from floor towards the tool setting.
The air pro is very lightweight, but has very powerful suction, and so on certain surfaces can become a bit hard to push (area rugs on top of carpet, especially, I've found). But YMMV. This can be alleviated by twisting the handle a bit as it moves, which helps adjust the auto-height, but might be tricky if someone has limited mobility.
We have a berber carpet and it is hard to push it along, but it works well. It has great suction which makes it harder to push and pull, plus side is you know it is working and sucking dirt up. We don't have an overheating problem. Not having a height adjustment is the biggest flaw.
This vacuum has a suction diverter control to switch between floor and accessory. To get mild suction, just put the valve half way between accessory and floor.
The hose is expanding. It stretches, I can do all but the top two steps on my full length stairs
Simply stated, it is inversely proportional to the celestial coordinates as they relate to the true north magnetic field of the earth. Also as you draw an amplituhedron pattern ( look it up ), it will become very obvious why abbreviated questions can become challenging. Good luck.
Yes, this is what I use on mine.
I bought an extra one on amazon when I ordered the SHARK
Carolyn, I am in the same situation! I do not understand why the filters for the NV500 are so hard to find! Then I had ordered the filters for a 450 from Amazon. Of course they did not fit! So I took Rose's advice and checked into sharkclean.com. It looks like the correct filters for the NV500 are available there, so check it out! I will submit my order as well and a BIG THANK YOU to Rose! Angelika
yes it is, i just purchased this in the past thru amazon as mine is around 5 inches in diameter as well, they come together in a pkg (the foam and the thinner filter....hoped this helped.
Tongue weight.
Yes. It's simply bolted on. But don't but this thing. Total piece of junk. The rim collapsed and ripped apart as I moved my trailer around. Boat is an inflatable so wasn't overloaded or anything. I bought a heavy duty model.
The description says they are 10" solid tires. No clue on the grass but I can tell you this - I use it to move 2 ATVs, on a trailer, in and out of the garage. Works great! I suspect a small jet boat would be a piece of cake.
Yes, it comes with a ball. There is no size number on it but it looks to be about a 1 and 7/8. It's already attached to the shaft. I'm using it to move a large log splitter and it works great.
anywhere automotive................
16 " - 24 "
Don't remember, We are in Ind. now, Dolly in Fla. It is very well made for what it is to be used for.
Did you ever find a answer? Trying to figure this out myself, the tires seem to be the weak point!
I have used this to move a 1300 pound trailer (Pace 6x12 enclosed Trailer) It worked pretty well and was easy to maneuver. Never leave the Trailer connected to this unit. If the trailer does move this unit can not withstand the force. We made that mistake. We like the product and its worth the money.
It is the complete in line filter. Dimensions below: Thanks DIMENSIONAL DATA: (A) OUTER DIAMETER, TOP................ 2.19 ( 55.63 mm) (B) OUTER DIAMETER, BOTTOM...... 2.19 ( 55.63 mm) (C) INNER DIAMETER, TOP................ 0.75 ( 19.05 mm) (D) INNER DIAMETER, BOTTOM...... 0.75 ( 19.05 mm) (E) LENGTH.............................................. 11.00 ( 279.40 mm) (F) THREAD.............................................. 3/4" FEMALE
3/4 NPT
Nothing it's what the NAPA 4003 clones. These guys just happen to have them when they say they do.
One end cap comes off to replace filter internals.
3/4" female pipe thread both ends
Dimensional Specifications (A) Outer Diameter, Top: 2.19 IN (55.63 MM) (B) Outer Diameter, Bottom: 2.19 IN (55.63 MM) (C) Inner Diameter, Top: 0.75 IN (19.05 MM) (D) Inner Diameter, Bottom: 0.75 IN (19.05 MM) (E) Length: 11.00 IN (279.40 MM) (F) Thread: 3/4" FEMALE
Check with Napa, they have the specs. I have them on all my big tractors (john Deere 8880 ) and they work great for keeping fuel clean and injectors free of junk.
Yes, they swivel on the tile...haven't tried them on carpet. I ordered them by the recommendation of an expert chair specialist. He replaced them with this type and I am completely satisfied compared to the first type of casters. I definitely recommend these casters.
First choice, contact the company from which you bought the casters. This will not be the first time that they have heard this lament. If they're cool, they may just send you a replacement. Worst case, they sell you a packet of (4) sockets. Second choice, go online and search for sellers that offer sockets. I did this once and was able to find a seller that offered both caster kits and standalone socket packets. Can't remember the name of this seller. Since the range of caster types and sizes is quite broad, it may be a long shot that a hardware or home improvement store would have your specific socket in stock.
Per set/chair, I believe.
Yes drill first then the caster will go in very easily! I did four heavy dining chairs and love them!
If you install insert flush, which it should be. Wheel will lift item 2 5/8" from floor.
I see no reason why they won't -- i put them on 4 breakfast chairs -- they work great, saved me hundreds and the company that made the chairs (Hooker) wanted 160 per set of 4. I was fixin to just have wood bottoms put on.
I guess it depends on how hard the laminate is, I would assume it's okay. I am using them on my hardwood floors - however I think I'm going to put down some kind of rug - I am starting to see indentions in the hardwood (nothing major, but noticeable in the right light and at the right angle).
The ball itself is about 2 inches. The surrounding metal is closer to 2.25 inches.
stems are metal. come with metal bushing that pushes into wood. Installed as soon as got them. specifications are with description of item in catalog
Only if you have a 10:1 probe. The max input voltage is 80V P-P with a 1:1 probe.
It's take some time for charging up. I used USB charger for charge. It should work.
Yes you can use this to measure various sensors. I used it to find an ABS sensor problem on a 2013 passat. Love this tool! I would suggest making a breakout harness for the part you are testing so you can test with this tool while driving
The device should work, however the documention is not very good. It takes a lot of experimenting to understand how things work.
A mono style 1/8" (standard size) headphone jack. There are adapters available for cheap to convert to a BNC and others as well. Here is a link to the user manual on seedstudio.com as well http://www.seeedstudio.com/document/pdf/DSO%20Nano%20V3%20User's%20Manual.pdf
Not really. I use it to set the gains on my amps, but you'd just know where the knob is at where it clips, not how much power it's putting out. Get a pair of multimeters and set one to ohms and one to volts and do some simple math.
Charging and updating. As far as I know, there is no video output. There is zero documentation, but lots of online information about operating the Nano and upgrading the software.
I don't think so you can use the probes that come with it up to 80 volts i work on mico stuff
I haven't used mine in a while, but I know it has a save waveform function and can send data to your computer via a cable. The manual is available online in PDF form if you want to learn more about it.
No
Yes I have sensitive teeth as well. Watching what you eat should help as well. At least it did for me.
There are 4 of us in my house, it lasted 3 weeks, we brush 2 or 3 times a day.
I don't think so. It is the consistency of regular toothpaste, but it just doesn't foam. I spit it out just because I'm not used to swallowing toothpaste, but you could swallow it. My four year old does. It almost feels like brushing with just your toothbrush, but my teeth are whiter than ever with no whitening toothpaste. I've also had throbbing nerve pain with some of my teeth. I know xylitol can rebuild tooth enamel, so I rubbed Earthpaste straight on my throbbing teeth. A couple days later, not pain and it hasn't come back. I'm pleased with this toothpaste.
Yes...I told my dentist about Redmond clay toothpaste. He likened it to silica they use in standard. He had to agree it was working for me because my teeth are whiter and less cavities. Clay is wonderful and Redmond company is amazing. Clay can be drying so I switch it up with diff types of homemade toothpastes.
I've found these two links that may help with your decision: http://www.earthpaste.com/prop65/ http://www.redmondtrading.com/prop65/
I have had all but the spearmint one they came out with recently. No, there is no carrageenan. Ingredients are:Purified Water, Redmond Clay, Xylitol, Essential Oil (Cinnamon, Wintergreen or Peppermint), Real Salt, Tea Tree Essential Oil, Menthol (Only in the Wintergreen & Peppermint varieties).
Yes, 100% free
Yes....here's the link to the company site. It's in small amounts, regardless. http://www.earthpaste.com/prop65/
Yes and yes.
I don't think the toothpaste itself will, but since it doesn't contain glycerine, it won't create a film over your tooth that would prevent remineralization. I think using this toothpaste along with the protocol from the book "Cure Tooth Decay" would definitely reverse bone loss and tighten loose teeth.
Hi, As of now we don't have one. Sorry. Wheatgrasskits
I have never had a problem. It's not that thick.
I bought this set back in August. I just used the last tube last week. Its show an expiration date of 2015. I hope this helps!
Its sold in California. In California you must put a prop65 warning if your products contain 1 of over 2000 materials. The penalty for not putting the sign or label is huge. The penalty for needlessly labeling is nothing. Starbucks, whole foods and every darn store in California has prop 65 warnings all over. Google prop 65 for more info. The toothpaste is made from Redmond clay, a naturally occuring product, so while it may contain thousands of micro amounts of minerals, organic lead may fall in there. This lead threshold will be less than the water you use to wash your mouth out from your sink. All tap water has inorganic lead present from deterioration of supply lines.
From the Earthpaste website: "We love Earthpaste for the same reasons you do - it does a great job with only a handful of natural, beneficial ingredients. So if every ingredient supports good health, why is there a proposition 65 warning label? Proposition 65 is a California law designed to protect consumers when they use products containing harmful materials. Because of the way the law is enforced, California residents are used to seeing warnings where you'd least expect them-at banks, at Disneyland, and now, on perfectly natural products like Earthpaste. The most important ingredient in Earthpaste is Redmond Clay, a healing clay that has been used medicinally since ancient times. Like many natural foods (including peaches and pears) Redmond Clay contains the tiniest amount of naturally-occurring lead. There is a natural products exemption to prop 65 (otherwise organic green beans and carrots would be 20 times over the limit!) but because of the way proposition 65 is enforced, it would be impossible for a small company like ours to withstand the cost of any "false positives" from aggressive prop 65 law firms. Thus the warning stickers on Earthpaste. We hate doing it - we know our products are safe, we've seen them help thousands of people, and we use them ourselves every day - but a proposition 65 lawsuit, even one we would eventually win, would be really hard for a company our size to survive."
The shelves are laminate board colored black, the frame is steel
The shelving units are flexible, and the shelves can either be down inside forming a wall around the shelves or on top so the edges are turned down so the shelves are flat.
Its pretty thin. The shelves themselves are not metal. They are some kind of composite fiber or maybe plastic. It might be a 16th of an inch (which I guess would make it a 16 guage.
The actual shelves are 100% laminate. I was disappointed when I received it. The description seems intentionally vague about it.
I actually had asked if I could purchase extra shelves for this unit and was told they don't sell the pieces individually.
No
The shelves are not steel. They are a heavy particle board.
This shelf provides the ability to adjust each shelf to desired height specifications. The entire length of each beam has installation insert holes. The shelf fully assembled is about 72".
The post are in sections, but the shelves are solid and packed together. It would be a little bigger than the measurement of the shelves. This is one nice piece of shelving. It was very easy to put together, and very sturdy.
They are adjustable. You determine the distance,
I feel the light would be too big. Also the standard clip is for glasses.
Charging adapter states: "Output: DC 4.2V 500mA.
I have orascoptic loupes and the light wouldn't stay on very well and the wire gets in the way. I returned after trying it for a day.
Cookie1021
The kit comes with a testing plan and a chart to determine results. More information is provided by the Center for Precollegiate Education and Training at the University of Florida which has a lesson plan and information on the chemicals. Search this sentence: "Ingesting too much PTC at once can cause thyroid damage, which is why it's important to limit the students' access to the taste strips."
The Center for Precollegiate Education and Training at the University of Florida has a lesson plan and information on the chemicals. Search this sentence: "Ingesting too much PTC at once can cause thyroid damage, which is why it's important to limit the students' access to the taste strips."
They are all white.
A little short of 5cm.
Here is a nice resource explaining how to use the strips: http://meny.weebly.com/uploads/4/5/7/5/4575254/tastelab.docx
There is nothing on the vials or the documentation that came with my strips. According to the people who answered this question in the past, There are 30 micrograms of each chemical on each strip. They say to search for the phrase "Ingesting too much PTC at once can cause thyroid damage, which is why it's important to limit the students' access to the taste strips" and a page of information will come up. I have not done that, so I would suggest giving that a try.
zoom in on second picture...all four have 100 strips
Yes we reuse them no problem.
We have used them several times. They dry up very fast each time.
These will be perfect! They absorb both oil and water. You can lay them on the floor and as water touches the skin it will be wicked up into the sock.
We purchased the case of 30.. so 30 socks.. 4 foot long.. I also read other comments about people using them to absorb water.. and then trying to reuse.. I'm not too sure about that ability.. use once and discard is best with these.. We had a spill pan almost full of oil.. one sock was able to absord the whole tray (3'x3'x2")
You might be able to flatten out the inner material and place a plywood or similar flat board to cover the area to drive over it. The material will tear if rubbed on for an extended period of time. The flattened board should eliminate the rubbing, provided it doesn't move much horizontally when driving over it.
Just curious why did you order them? But to use, you put them where you want to stop water/liquid/rain from proceeding- not for internal human use.
Basically the tube is made up of a disposeable shop towel that contains poly-cellulose shreaded bits inside. So it would be the same flammability as a shop towels / thick paper towels & pieces of cellulose styrofoam. It will burn with open flame. Depending on what you're absorbing (water or flammable liquid) you will change the characteristics of how flammable the tubes are. Hope this helps. They do hold a ton of liquid. Probably 6 gallons per tube.
If used with water, I've read that several people let theirs dry out and can get some reuse out of them this way. I use mine for hydraulic oil leaks, and this makes them a "once soaked - dispose of properly" type item.
No way would a single sock hold 52 gallons but will hold a lot of water I would think more than 1/3/4 gallons. I have used them before dried them out and used them again.
I don't think so. But they DO soak up a TON of water! The only problem with THAT is they also weigh a TON when full of water! Hard to lift a trash bag full of them, but a blessing in keeping the basement a lot drier!
As a contractor we vacuum up lot's of dust, including drywall. It does perform well but, only has a six quart bag and the suction will diminish with fine dust. We typically shake out the bag and get back to it. We had an Oreck @ with a 10 quart bag, same thing only difference was the + $ 300.00 price tag. I have no complaints with GV it's an awesome vac for the price.
manufactured in china, where else? it is distributed by a company registered in utah. if that is "somewhere over the rainbow", i really cannot say...but it has been a good thing to have on occasion.
It comes with the attachments shown but it does not have a beater-brush that is on regular vacuums. The other attachments do fine on our stairs that still have carpet but I use something else for bedrooms and larger areas
very small maybe 8 inches i picked up a extention cord and it works fantastic
http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D2ZNSAE/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pd_S_ttl?_encoding=UTF8&colid=3EY7DUCR3WUR7&coliid=I1PMC5FU16W1U 6qt bags fit this vacuum here is the link.
i've had my GV-6 for almost 3 months and it is still off-gassing...not as much as when it was new, but it still does...make sure you leave it in an open area so it can breathe.
It does not have a powered rotating brush, if that's what you're asking. I find the brush floor attachment works well at "combing" out stuff from rugs, which you then have to clean out from the brush. If you have a lot of high carpeting, I would probably say go with something else.
There are no part numbers listed in the User Manual, other than #37 "Handle". GV's phone number is (385) 215-9705, http://www.greatvacs.com/problem_with_order_form
I'm happy with the unit, however, it seems the unit puts out a vaccumn cleaner smell that I do not like. Otherwise very fine unit. mo
Hi Leonard, I'm not where I can check at the moment, but I've been unhappy with the performance of the unit my friend.
24 Giant rolls. 107 2-ply sheets per roll. 1372.1 sq. ft ...this is what is printed on the outside of the shipping box.
Bounty beats Sparkle when it comes to absorbing moisture and not falling apart. Sparkle is thinner than Bounty. One sheet of Sparkle doesn't absorb as much liquid as Bounty does.
They come wrapped in sets of two.
They tear easily at the perforation. Am quite satisfied with the towel.
11x7
The package info is Made by GP Georgia Pacific , Atlanta ,GA .
They are. The package has the usual "be careful that you don't set the paper towel on fire" warning, but nothing else re: microwaving
I love the Koch brothers so I buy everything of theirs that I can find - since you bring politics into everything I'm sure you can understand. Take off your bicycle helmet and knee pads because they are petroleum byproducts, BTW.
According to the package - 2 rolls - 72 2 ply sheets per roll - 114.4 sq ft. However, I just bought this case of towels, and only received 20 rolls in the case.
I'm not sure but I could pick it up easily
I think it will fit. The inside diameter of the blackjack is 1 1/8 inch (has a allen wrench set screw to tighten the flashlight) The Feit flashlight diameter is 1 inch. I'm pretty sure the screw will tighten and grip well. The only problem I see is the Feit 72331 is 8 inches long. Since the blackjack goes under the rim of the helmet I'm not sure if that length is to long or will get in the way. Depends on your model of helmet. I use a nebo redline 220 which is 1 1/2" in diameter and only 4 inches long. Fits great, super bright, lots of modes, waterproof and has never let me down. I've had it on both the Bullard and Cairns helmets and it hangs well on both. Hope this helps Richard.
Not sure the holder will accept lights up to 1 1/8 inch in diameter
Shouldn't be a problem as far as the diameter but you need to think about the length of the flashlight and if the light will stick out of your helmet and get you caught up. I'm not sure what your application is but yes it will hold this flashlight
Perfect
Round inside fits small flashlights about a 3/4 inch
The diameter of the mount measures 1 1/8 of an inch, best suited for 1" to 1 1/8" I'd say.
Lita Fries. You have to purchase 2 of them. They do not come as a pair:(
Oh, you poor thing....both feet hurt from this? Ouch and I thought I had it bad.....when I ordered mine, which was some time ago, I got two for the price of one. I think that they said in the description of the socks that there were two. Anyway, good luck and they are wonderful by the way . Using Penetrex really helps too!!!!
We washed it several times, it is still strong and durable.
I wear a 7 - 7.5. I have the small/medium size. Yes, they are tight but I think they are good and not too tight. I've worn them when flying and have had them on for about 9 hours each way. I found them to be comfortable.
It does have polyester and a stretchy spandex like material
Extra Large, they run small.
No
Yes. My wife bought this for her size 7 foot. Small/med fits snug on hers
My foot is narrow. The sock is pretty tight. Not to tight that it cuts. It really helped too. Hope this helps.
Probably yes. It seems like a sturdy product. However, it has quite a yellow tint to it.
You could dye it during the initial mixing. If by inlay u mean filling a void with wood borders then yes. Large pour would require substantial care to eliminate all the little bubbles.
Yes; this would be very suitable for filling holes in pine floor, and leaves a hard glossy finish.
If putting over some polyurethane I would sand it first.
I wouldn't do more than 1/4-1/2 inch at a time, as you need to get air bubbles out. Perhaps you could several layers to get to a desired thickness. I have not tried to do so.
It works great as a desk surface, it is rated to 300 or 400 degrees so hot drinks shouldn't be a problem
I could tell you but the web site has very full instructions. It would be better to go there first.
I use this FXpoxy brand for its durability, crystal clear, and heat resistance once fully cured. It has worked very well with no issues to state here. I use the product for hand crafting fishing lures from Balsa wood using multiple layers of this product throughout the assemble/ painting process. Once complete a final finish coat of FXpoxy is used to insure my lures are durable with a protective, crystal clear appearance, I use a heat gun through the finishing process that gets approximately 300 degrees F and the FXpoxy has held up to its heat resistance standard as advertised and works very well. Thanks FXpoxy Great product for finishing fishing lures. Tommy Peckinpaugh
You should call their customer service phone #. I got it off their website http://countertopepoxy.com/: (970) 639-9338
I only covered flat surfaces (counter top) so my only guess would be that since your covering something bowl shaped you'd have to constantly rotate it to keep the epoxy flowing smooth until it dried. Sorry that's just a guess though. Do they make rotisseries for things that aren't food? You could probably call the company though. I looked them up online countertopepoxy.com
It would not unwind there is a brake release though to release the tension if you so wanted to let it roll back, I hope this helps.
It is a lot quieter than a shopvac, and about aas loud as a cordless drill. It is not loud at all. No winch can be used for hours on end without stopping, it is not meant for that.
not that I know of . any electrical motor submerged will short out.
There was no cover included with my purchase
Per Champion customer service. You have to replace whole remote unit. Call see if it is still covered under warranty. These units come with disposable (cheap) switch for occasional use.
Yes
No
everything you need, is completely included in the box, with very easy install instructions...
Yes. Probaby need to build an elevated 12-15" platform to mount winch. Mine is in an enclosed trailer, but thinking about another for an open trailer I use. It will mount on a winch plate that I welded to a 2" square tube that plugs into a 2" reciever hitch recepticale that is welded to the front of my open trailer. Later - Will
All I know is that I was having a tremendous problem with this remote system and I had to call back several times until they finally sent me a whole unit for free. In answer to your question: "They were there for me on that end of it but on the mechanical end... I don't know but would think so."
Winch can be powered by the existing battery on the vehicle you are putting it on.
no. it is 12 volt only
Not that I know of but you can have a welder make something custom for you
It's strong but not fast. It pull about 3 feet in 10 seconds.
YES!
The box from the manufacturer I received is 16 1/2 x 13 x 3 3/4 however this was inside a much larger box with packing material, probably about double the size of what was needed.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00K6BR99I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 the above item is how i have it mounted its also the most economical and works well
No, unless your charger has a high amperage starter setting. Even then, you may exceed the available amp draw on the starter setting. These large winches can exceed 300 amps when nearing stall line pulls. Starter settings also are for very short cranking cycles(&lt;10-15 Sec.)
It does work, I plugged it in a regular power source and works fine. Mine says on the bottom 100~240 V.
Two prong. US style can I get a refund on this product?
According to the manufactuers website, it ranges from 122F-392F. The heat is controlled by simple up and down buttons on the unit with a display to show you the approximate heat the tip will be. You can have two different tools plugged in with different temps as well. It's a great little unit for the price.
I am return ithis unit wexer. Let's me know how to return?
Yes, you can. Right beneath the handle of the vacuum there is a gray band that adjusts. Turn the adjustment to the pile of the carpet. You might have to experiment on your deep pile carpet. I use the extreme suction on my deep pile carpet as it pulls from the deep fibers but then, that is my preference. NOTE: When the band is fully closed the power suction is greatest. When it is turned slightly, the suction dissipates for different flow. Check your manual as it explains how to use the gray adjustment band. Hope this helps.
It's not very long maybe 2-3 feet. It does make somethings difficult because that vacuum will tip but even with the shorter hose I still love it, it does a great job. You can order it with the extra long hose. I can still vacuum everything like ceilings, the reach is still pretty good.
I don't think it would be too strong, but on rugs it is like any other vacuum, when you get close to the edges it will get sucked up and you have to turn if off to release it.
No. I haven't been able to get the beater brush under the bed. The only way to do it, if the bed is low, is to take off the mattress and box springs and clean it that way. I do this about 4 times a year.
I am not sure I understand your question! If you are asking how to use it, it is simple. The wand, that is on one side of the handle (opposite side of power switch), disengages with a push of the button. Put an attachment on the end and vacuum. To put the wand back in its position, you will hear a click when it snaps shut for regular use. All of this is in your manual.
I have not experienced that problem. It's actually the best vacuum cleaner that I have ever owned. I highly recommend it.
14 pounds or so.
So far my navigator is still going strong. I have not had any problems.
I believe you can purchase replacement filters on their website..sharkclean.com and I think I seen these also on amazons site...
Keturah Rice, it isn't all that heavy. The description on the site tells the weight and all the pertinent information. I have lower back and neck issues, too, but it hasn't been a problem to maneuver the vacuum and I am pushing 70. If you need to find out, perhaps you can go to a store in your area that sells the Shark and do a "test" drive on their premises. I will not, under any circumstances, tell you that it will not make your pain more acute because I have no idea as to your pain threshold or ability of maneuverability. Good luck and I hope you do the "test" run at your local store. Let me know what you find out.
Nope the device only measures Salt, total dissolved solids and temp.
Yes to both. I got it just to test salt levels at the beginning of the pool season. It works great.
U add 0 on end that is your salt level
It will but my best bet is save your money and juts use a 4x6 piece of wood. That is the best. I have these but have switched to the wood piece as it is much stabke and very easy to center then these pads. It is very difficult to center these plus they dont fit the average jack stands mounting point. Javed
They definitely do. I have an 07 335i Coupe
Yes.
If your car has the standard rectangular plastic jack points then yes. You should have 4 of them. They are pretty standard across all newer BMW's.
the bottom is smooth, and no they will not change or fatige under weight. I have sold about 800 of these of the other bay site and a few here and not 1 complaint. if you are unhappy I will refund 100%
I don't know much about MINI Coops but if they do, they are very so worth the price and takes the hassle out of jacking up ur car!!
I use this for an exterior door. I live in the South and before I installed this, the door had a vinyl sweep that was positioned 1/4 of an inch too high so I would get a lot of bugs crawling underneath the door. I've only had this for about two weeks but so far, I feel like it's done a great job keeping bugs out which gives me so much peace of mind. Recommended!
Not really...not designed for that.
Mine did
Yes!!! Best product I've tried for that
Yes...mine had eight 1/2" screws included. There are only 6 holes for the screws to be used (you actually get 2 extras in case you lose them). Works perfectly fine, I had no trouble at all.
The metal part is 7/8" TALL, 1/4" DEEP, and the brush/sweep extends 1" below the metal. The length of the whole thing is 36" and can be cut with a hacksaw.
Very easy. The guy who fit it for me cut and fit it within 5 min
Yes, it will work. Top to bottom, it is almost 2 inches.
Look in the owner's manual to see what seat it uses. Then look at the seat specs. Order the seat if it looks right you may have to return it if the measurements are not the same. I had problems getting the safety switch to work on the seat I bought and ended up having to have it professionally installed.
We have a model 110 so not sure.
no you have to transfer the one from the old seat,not very difficult to do. Works fine for me
The ones I purchased had, what myself and the many sales associates I talked to,metric threads. I was never able to find a fitting I could mate with them.
Yes.
1 1/2 to 2"
It is a snug fit, but you will need PVC cement for a water tight seal.
Yes, it comes with a USB ac power adapter and a USB to micro USB cable.
Yes,I am using mine with the Sennheiser wireless. Works great.
Yes, I currently use it in my ps4. The sound quality comes out very good. Only issue is it takes up 1 of the usb ports (that's how it gets powered). But totally worth the money.
Yes if it has these inputs: optical digital audio input to analog stereo output over RCA and 3.5mm mini
This is a revised answer and supercedes all my posts below. I got two answers from LG regarding what optical output format they support. The latest which I strongly believe is correct is: the basic tv's support AC3 only. The smart TV's support both AC3 and PCM. But I highly suggest you go to the live chat on the LG website and ask yourself. Took me 93 seconds.
Yes
I was able have both on at the same time. I think that a function of the features on the TV you are using. I am currently using this with the Sennheiser wireless rechargeable headphones
I do not know for sure, but I would guess that if the Samsung has a digital audio out port it would work.
No
I'm not familiar with the Bose Lifestyle System and how it would interface with another speaker, but this FiiO will convert the optical signal from your TV, allowing an analog speaker or other analog audio hookup.
I think so. I use it to connect Apple TV optical port to my old Hi-Fi red/white analog. Hope this help
potentially yes, that's the idea behind it, however not reliably/consistently. I would pick something of better quality
No. Since external speakers are connected, the tv volume control does not work any more. Hope this helps.
When I saw how extremely sturdy the RCA stereo cables to mini were, I never gave the singular mini out any consideration. The RCA cables are truly deluxe & so I just connected a premium mini cable to it and ran the other end to my portable digital recorder. Converted my DAT recording to a wav file & the result was excellent. This little converter worked beautifully for me. To really answer your query you'd have to e-mail the company or look at their FAQs. Don't know whether twin minis can be used simultaneously and only the manufacturer could give you the scoop on why the design is as it is.
Check your cables! Maybe you've got something grounding out. Mine's still working fine after what, 6 mos or so?
I picked the FIIO D3 because it included the cables. I have it connected to my TV right now and it works great.
Consider, Fiio Alpen-E17 for your purpose. It comes with various inputs vs. This model which has 2, a coaxial and the typical, digital in.
My cordless headsets have sound when using this but not sure about the surrond sound.
This unit (and everything that coes with it) would work fine for hooking up headphones to that TV
As long as you can set your TV audio to PCM output ... Here's the review I wrote (upon returning the item): There's nothing in the listing about needing to set TV to "PCM Output only," and that's only possible in some settings on the TV, not for streaming, which was why I purchased this - to be able to use headphones when watching programs while my wife reads. Then, when it arrived, I saw a sticker on the converter and separate "notice" that both say the converter "will only work with PCM Output." (That's "pulse-code modulation" by the way, a form of sampling.)
It should be able to; the CK6C and CK6 show in the the tech specs on the manufacturer Ostberg's website that they run at 1.09 Amps (the tech specs also show 120V, so you're fine there as well). I'm using it on a 1.1 A/120 V inline fan, and it works great. This Variac is rated for up to 3 Amps, 1-130 Volts.
Mine also smoked when I first fired it up and I was concerned enough to actually measure the actual current going through it when set for 20VAC, which is right where I use it as well. I also use mine for an acrylic and lexan plastic bender. After measuring the current and assuring myself that I was not exceeding the capacity of the Triac, I have been using it with no problems. So - my experience is that it will smoke on first use, and then be fine.
All this device does is decrease or increase the power output to your appliance. So,may you had a fan that turned at 1000 rpm, you could lower the voltage to make it spin at 800 rpm. I do not know how that would impact an aquarium. It is a very well made instrument.
I don't know specifically, but in researching speed controls for fans, one site described variacs as universal speed controls for AC motors. As I understand it, electronic controls need to be the right type for the specific type of motor. Just make sure the variac is rated for the amps the motor needs.
It depends on the volts. Multiply the volts you output by 3 and that's your Max watts. E.g.If you're at 120v then it's 360 watts - or 80v 240 watts.
They would work ether way.
It could be slippery due to the fact that the surface od the ramps is flat, not rugged.
750 per 1500 total. It's already been answered
I use them for a cart to load in my van that I can't lift by myself. The ad states that they will handle 1500 lbs however.
2 ramps
Both, each ramp holds 750lbs distributed load.
This is for 2 ramps. I really like mine and use them on a regular basis.
2
All of our products ship via FedEx Ground shipping.
The ramps are meant to be used in the fully extended and locked position.
It should. You will just want to make sure your switch has the same bullet connections.
Yes, it should work. Please double check the bullet connections for your switch to make sure they match.
Yes, the MX128 will work with a 2,500-3,000lb Viper Winch. Both the MX128 and the MX-028 work with the 2,500-3,000lb winches; The MX128 also works with 3,500-5,000lb winches.
Yes - it works in both directions.
No. She's a lover, not a fighter.
No it does not. It also does not work very long. Mine lasted for 3 cleanings and then quit. The company will not reimburse the cost of the O-Duster. I would not recommend purchasing this.
I guess it will become a cat scooter
The pads are disposable only, they cannot be washed.
I just read the previous comments and decided to elaborate on my response. Keep in mind this is a "duster" so I used it after sweeping to get the smaller stuff that sweeping leaves behind but bare feet find immediately. I also used it in between sweeping to pick up dirt hair and what not. It will not pick up big stuff, and the product description states that. I loved it because I could finally walk bare footed through my house without having stuff stuck to them! If the duster starts spinning in one place you need to open up the wheel housing to remove whatever is binding the axle. In my case, my long hair was wrapped around it. I was able to Google the instructions and it is an easy fix.
Not really. I can run it and still watch a movie or have a conversation.
No, the light is always on, you just need to leave it charging for 3 hours and use it
It runs for at least 45 minutes.
This was a little difficult for me to read, but I believe it's a 6 Volt. You may be able to look it up on the O-Cedar site for sure.
I'm not sure about that. I have only used the dry ones and I don't remember seeing wet ones. It would be interesting though. I don't see anything on the bottom of the machine it would hurt. Maybe you could send that suggestion to O'Cedar.
I am not sure. My dog is 56lbs and I have the medium. I initially bought the large but it was a bit too long for her leg. I think it is more the length than the girth that matters because the strap is Velcro and can easily be adjusted. If they do have measurements with the product you could measure your dog's leg.
I measured around the top of her leg and bottom of her leg to see how thick it was. Then I measured up and down to see what length I needed.
I found that the brace did help my dog to walk very well. If in doubt ask the vendor for more instructions...It has been a while but I believe they will e-mail you specific instructions and diagrams. Best wishes for you and your dog
We had our 150 lb. bouvier wear it for 12 hours on , 12 hours off. And it worked.
I have had greyhounds for 21 years and I have only seen a couple large boys that a large may have fit. Most of my greyhounds have used a small but I have seen some that a medium would probably fit. How much does your grey weigh?
My Border Collie wore a medium I don't know if that helps.
I have a 80# Red Heeler and I purchased the large size, so I believe you would be fine with this size as well.
It's a pair but I would not recommend this product at all. Does not stay on the dog.
I took a fabric measuring tape and measured from the ankle to the elbow. Then elbow to right below the top of the hind leg. And measured the circumference of both. (If you don't have fabric tape use string and cut it. Then measure the string).Then I bought the size that was closest to my dogs measurements.
Used this on my 100 lb Lab for several months until I could get her a new knee. It really seemed to help a lot. Have had many shepherds and believe it will fit yours also. Not a long term solution, but a great help for the short term. Not a full knee splint, but the support really helped her. She demands we play ball every day and then limped around all night. When we started with this it cut back the limping considerably. No guarantees, but it worked here. Was well worth the money for me.
I bought a large for our 85 lb. lab. The small wouldn't fit around her leg; the large slipped down. That said, the tendency is for a brace to slip from big to small muscles when she walked. I didn't have a lot of success with the brace. Good luck.
Virginia, I sent back this product because I have a 125lb dog and the brace would not fit. I am sorry I couldn't be more help. Jessica
Yes I use them to make fire starting kits and they work great. The only thing that is a + and - is the diamiter its hard to make my parcord wraps look good on them but they last a long time.
The ones I have measure 0.630" in diameter by 3.70" in length. Hope that helps.
Each rod weighs approximately 28.5 grams making the 5 rods total about 5 ounces of magnesium.
no, its not sold as a fire starter, very hard to start, but some people have done it before
No
The inside diameter of the syringe cylinder is approximately 1.25 inches (1 1/4"), The [useless] "tube" is maybe about 3/32 ID (less than 1/8th of an inch)
The graduations on the syringe should compensate for the amoun of fluid in the tip of the syringe, but I would advise measuring the amount of fluid in the tubing separately. I would not use this syringe for precision scientific work.
I would not recommend use with food as it seems to not be sterile. It was received wrapped and taped in bubble wrap.
I've used it to pull transmission fluid from a warm bike engine. Im unsure of the temp, but it held up fine. The engine was too hot to touch though. If you're planning on using it for food safe items, I probably wouldn't recommend temperatures that high. The plastic taste/smell may seep into the liquid.
no it doesn't, not on the one o received. This item did not arrive in sterile packaging. I would not recommend for medical use...
A bit longer than 6 inches (minus the tube wire)
It is a fine tube. No needle came with it. I do not believe any needle will fit into it either.
approx. 1.25"
The tube is made of plastic. I use it to make molecular caviar out of various fruit juices.
Yes. The outside diameter is 1/4" and the inside diameter is 1/8".
Thanks for the email and the great question :) For hardwood floors you have 2 options. 1. You can simply turn off the power head motor and use straight suction from the vacuum. or 2. You can attach the included hardwood floor tool that's designed to be used on all hard floors. Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin Great-Vacs (seller)
Great Question :) Just keep in mind that the Prolux Stealth is a high end 600 dollar plus vacuum cleaner. Dont think of it as a low end 200 dollar vacuum that uses paper bags. Just because we are selling them in that price range remember that most people sell them for 600 plus. So the high end vacuums like this are Prolux, Sebo, Miele ect. They all use a HEPA bag not a paper bag. The reason HEPA bags are so much better is not only does it improve allergies but it causes your HEPA filter to last so much longer. For example the Miele bags are $4.73 each and you will see the Prolux HEPA bags are much cheaper than that. Also the Prolux HEPA bags are very large and last a long time. So lets say you bought this vacuum and started putting low end paper bags in it. You would probably have to change your HEPA filter every 6 months vs. every 2 years with the Prolux HEPA bags. Let me know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin GreatVacs (Seller)
Great Question :) We actually get asked this question a lot. So how often a filter needs changed really is how much use it gets. It would depend on the type of dirt you are vacuuming and how dirty your home is. The nice thing about a high end BAGGED vacuum like the Prolux is that the HEPA filters last a lot longer than normal vacuums. This is because it uses a HEPA bag and so very little dirt actually gets to the HEPA filter. So if it was my I would probably visible inspect the HEPA filter every 6 months or so. You can prolong the life of a HEPA filter by blowing it out with like a air compressor. I imagine you would need to change the HEPA filter every 1 to 2 years on average. I hope that helps :) Thanks Dustin Great-Vacs (Seller)
Thanks for the question :) If you look in the other questions that have been asked we cover this there but the canister only weights 14 lbs and the hose and head about 4 lbs. So not heavy. Also when vacuuming you are only vacuuming with the light head so its very easy to use. Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin
Great Question :) Yes that is a promotional bag that we added just for orders placed in 2013. That is in case you dont want to use the HEPA bags that come with it. That is a shake out bag that is washable and you dont have to use disposable bags if you use that. However it will make your HEPA filter fill up faster if you use that instead of the HEPA bags. Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin GreatVacs (seller)
Thanks for the question :) If you look in the other questions posted here someone else asked a similar question. I went through in detail and showed that the bags for the Prolux Stealth are the same quality as other brands like Miele and Sebo but were much less in price because they come in a 10 pack. Even with the bags being a lot cheaper if it was me what I would do is this. I would first buy the vacuum on Amazon from Greatvacs. It will come with 6 bags which with how large the bags are will last most people a year. In the box will be a invoice from GreatVacs with a 5 dollar gift card. Then when I needed to order more bags I would follow the instructions on the invoice and use the 5 dollar gift card for more bags. Thanks Dustin GreatVacs
Thanks for the question :) YES the brushroll can be removed. There are some screws that you take out at the bottom of the head and then it comes apart and you can remove the brushroll. At GreatVacs we are experts on vacuum cleaners and only sell the best vacuums. One of the tips that we give our customers for pet hair is even easier than that. If you go to Home Depot or Lowes and get a razor knife they sell hook blades for them. With the hook blade they work awesome at removing pet hair from brushes. I hope that was helpful :) Let us know if you need anything else. Thanks Dustin GreatVacs
Great Question :) So it comes with the Prolux Factory warranty and we are a authorized warranty service center for them. We stock thousands of parts and its very easy to do :) This is a high end vacuum (vacuums of this quality like Sebo or Miele normally sell for around 700) so the odds of you having any warranty issues are very slim. However in the rare case that you do just contact our service department at service@greatvacs.com and we will get you all taken care of. Also most of the parts are standard vacuum parts that your local service center can order for you as well. Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin GreatVacs
Great Question :) There is no storage hook for tools on the main wand. Because this is a high end vacuum it actually has on board tool storage on the canister itself. So if you lifted up the the door on top of the canister you would see the tool storage where the on board tools store. Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin GreatVacs
Yes bags are easy to get. They are sold on Amazon and several other sites. To see the bags listed on Amazon for the Prolux Stealth just go to http://www.amazon.com/pack-Prolux-stealth-vacuum-cleaner/dp/B00D2ZJHS6/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1380632674&sr=8-6&keywords=stealth+vacuum Let us know if you have any other questions :) Thanks Dustin GreatVacs
Mine never worked I returned it.
I hooked it up to my Panasonic TV's digital optical out and then used the RCA cables to connect my old stereo system. Powered up the converter. Works great. I didn't know there was different KHz digital optical feeds. Thought they were all standardized. You might want to stop in at a BestBuy and check with a technician.
Check your TV settings and look for your audio settings. Make sure the output is set to PCM as this box can't convert other signals and is usually the cause of this problem.
No, because it only converts digital to analog, not analog to digital.
What do you hook up your decoder to?
As long as your external speakers have regular a/v components then that should work. You're speakers should have the Red/White inputs.
Volume is controlled by whatever device you are using to amplify your audio output.
I do apologize for any inconvenience. First make sure all cables and connections are good, and the optical output mode of your Xbox one is set to PCM (stereo). Then try to power the converter from a USB wall charger or another USB port. If none of these helps, please contact us a for return or replacement.
On our LG TV, I have to set the TV audio out to LG optical out and it works fine. The generic optical out gives only noise/static.
do you mean you have a bluetooth receiver that has an RCA or 3.5mm jack output? then yes but if you mean will this connect via blutooth then no.
The length of the rod is 29" and the diameter is 3/4". This anode rod works on all water heater models and can be cut to a desired length. Thank you -
The standard Anode rod has a 1 and 1/16 head on top of it. If your water heater has this size Anode head, the new anode rod will work.
This rod is 90% aluminum and 10% Zinc. -Jon
The overall length is 42" but it can be cut down to any size with a hacksaw.
Yes, this anode rod also uses a 1-1/16" socket to install.
The rod is 90% Aluminum and 10% Zinc. It works great at eliminating smelly water and is the only zinc anode rod we carry.
The anode rod is 42" in length and can be cut down with a hacksaw to any length. Yes, this will work for your machine.
The rod diameter is 3/4" and the nut is 3/4" pipe thread.
Rick, Yes this product is designed to eliminate the sulfur smell. Thanks, Jon
Yes, the KA-90 Aluminum Anode Rod will work with your water heater. If it is too long you can cut it to shorter lengths. -Jon
When I bought this product I received a green cover just like the photo. The cover blends perfectly with the grass.
Not sure what you mean by double wall. But the lid did fit my 24 pipe..
10 pounds
The outer diameter is 26", so the Septic Tank Riser Cover is able to cover a 24" diameter pipe. There is no metal ring with screw hole. I believe what you are referring to there is the plastic, rubber-like seal, which is used to make the cover water-tight once it is properly attached with the 4 stainless steel screws that are included with the cover. We hope this answers helps. Let us know if you have any further questions.
Yes you should be able to use this in place of a concrete lid but I would double check with your local code just in case. It is 24" in diameter so it will fit a 24" opening. Thanks and let me know if you have anymore questions.
New! Color photos have been uploaded.
Yes, you can write on the white gorilla tape with a Sharpie. Works great, but takes a bit of time to dry.
Yards
Yes, 1.88 inches.
I have used it on the trim around my windows, placed it on the outside. it is almost nine months and it is holding strong through all kinds of weather. i would think as a vapor barrier area it could do the job.
it sticks to itself fine. im not sure if that gives you more options with it. i used it to tape a fabric sheet to my ceiling. it held for a few months. if the awning fabric is plastic-y then it should be fine. otherwise i wouldn't bet on it holding. it isnt very flexible. less so than duct tape. but it's thicker. can hold more weight than duct tape. I'd say maybe layer it on top of itself.
I'm using it in an outdoor, but undercover, environment. I applied it about a couple of months ago... so far so good. Two months is hardly definitive; but in my opinion, this tape will work well for the application you're describing.
It would be an OK temporary fix, but over time any glue degrades. The glue here is approximately the same as duct tape adhesive.
Yes. I used it for sealing around a plastic molding AC window installation and acrylic paint side wall. Clean the surfaces thoroughly.
Yes, but it may lift the paint if and when you try to remove the tape. This adhesive is strong!
It would do no harm to try. Be sure to get the surfaces clean and dry before applying.
The included dies fit the supplied grommets. Grommets from other sources will also work if care is used.
We have size #0,#2 and #4 grommets dies. Please email us directly for more information.
I'm sure it will. You'll want to make it a two part process by making the holes first. I don't think it would easily cut and apply the grommet. You will also need to get the right size grommets so you don't compress the coroplast too much.
The punch has plenty of strength. The real question should be "does the grommet have the strength to cut through the leather. I'd say, if it's one layer, 95% probable. If it multiple, 75%. To test it, up a piece of the Work on a cement floor and use a hand grommet set to test your needs. If that works ok, your in like Flinn.
No
At this time we only sell the grommets in a set and cannot sell the sizes individually.
The dies come in and out of the machine. I think mine came with 3 or 4 different die sets for different grommet sizes. I would assume that you could buy dies for snaps - might need to contact the manufacturer to purchase dies that are compatible with this machine model??? Hope this helps.
It is very doubtful that double cap rivits will work with this rivit machine. It is designed for canvis and plastics. The heavy metal presses at the top and bottom (I forget their name) are designed for regular rivets. You are dealing with Leather. I'd say you have a 20% Chance that it will work. It's plenty strong, but the changeable metal presses are the key to your question. Send your query to the Mfgr. Good Luck. DEWinit.
I don't see any reason that it wouldn't. I'm pleasantly suprised with this unit very heavy and sturdy with a long handle for leverage.
Connect the WIZ105SR module to the test board by using the 12pin cable. Yes, the connector is included in the kit.
Any 5volt power adapter will work.
Does not come with a power cord.
We are not that familiar with the Sonic view 360, please contact the mfg Wiznet to answer this question.
This module it's almost plug&play, however cannot be configured via http, all module features such as IP settings, serial port handshaking and speed must be configured using a software tool available from the manufacturers web site. The module can be configured via the serial port but this feature must be enabled using the software that I mentioned above. In the manufacturer web site also are available users manuals and other tools. Good luck!
Very low lumen and 120v so probably not.
Yes, excellent product and highly versatile.
Yes, you could use this indicator lamp for that purpose. It won't be visible in high ambient lighting so it really isn't designed for outdoor viewing unless it is dark outside. You would need to panel mount this through your shed and seal...and run it off of your 120VAC power light switch.
I did not see any marking to tell. In fact I really do not think I got the correct bags! Reading the reviews how others state here are these shall I say clues...first the bags are very different than described by Amazon and by all the reviewers! The diameter of the opening of what I received (I measured) was just ABOUT 4" in diameter!! No gussets and certainly no way they would fit a loaf of bread from the store let alone a home baked loaf in from a 9x5 bread pan! Reviewers mention how there is a slit on the top of the package so you can pull one bag out at a time, mine were folded in a plastic bag (That bag would have fit a loaf of bread!!) with a tacky glue flap and the red ties tossed at the bottom of the bag. No name, no slip of paper of where they were manufactured. I am returning them but am going to contact Amazon or the seller about this.
Not that I am aware of only thing I have had to help is store in refrigerator. I make bagels and if you don't eat them all in a couple days you have to put them in refrigerator.
These are not thick bags. I've been able to reuse some (after being used just at room temp) but I don't think they'd do a good job of protecting your loaf in the freezer (seriously, imagine a non-clingy plastic wrap--they're about that thick, not even as thick as a store-bought loaf bag).
I don't know. There was no indication on the packaging when they arrived.
2 inch - and the one I replaced with this one is a HC98JA046D. Works great. Not sure about the 2510. I don't see that on my old one.
from what I found that model does use the same rated capacitor as this so it should work.
Hello, thank you for your question. I have located the OEM replacement for your unit with the model number you've provided: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00EZPPA2Y Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you.
Hello, Thanks for your question! I have located the OEM replacement for your unit with the model number you've provided: http://www.amazon.com/Replacment-Carrier-Bryant-Payne-P291-4553RS/dp/B00CBFDD5G/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1373918559&sr=8-3&keywords=P291-4553RS Please let us know if you have any other questions. Thank you.
Yes as the vacumm comes with a 110/240 volt power adapter that looks similar to laptop adapter. All i needed to do is change the plug to an Austalian version.
I have had one for three months and it cleans the entire downstairs of our home (1000 ft^2). (That is a kitchen, family room, dinning room, living room and half bath) It cleans until the battery runs down goes back to the charging station recharges itself. It then returns to where it left off and finishes. It takes a couple of hours but it does it all and it does a very good job. The only thing I have to do is empty the dirt while it recharges and when its done. My wife and I were amazed the first few times it did the floors. The surfaces for all the floors are tile with throw rugs all over the place. It even does a good job on the rugs. The only warning I would give is that it does get stuck sometimes: on electrical cords that are loose on the floor, under dining tables when the chairs are in a certain position (but only once--it cleans under the tables really well) and on my daughter's music stand (again only once--it climbed one of the legs of the stand backing up and lifted the drive wheels off the floor) It has gotten clogged and stopped twice: Once when a thumb tack got stuck in the blade of its brush and jammed against the body of the vacuum and the first time we ran it so much hair wrapped around the brush that it got stuck but both my wife and daughter have long hair and it had been several days since the rooms had been swept. It is easy to clean the brush and empty out the collection bin. Depending on how much furniture you have, it may get everything on one battery charge it gets over three-quarter of the way done before it goes back for a charge at our house.
No, it would not. It is 13" wide. However, there is an easy remedy. Once a month I put our dining room chairs up ended on the table. We use our dining room table perhaps once every three months. This is more than adequate. If you use yours more often do this more often.
I believe if I remember correctly, It came charged. Charging system gets stronger as it re-charges each time. I think by 4th time it's at maximum charge. I am amazed every time this runs.... the dirt it picks up.
From what I was told by Neato it's basically the color and it comes with an extra filter. Software and everything else is the same.
We have tried both the Roomba and Neato, and much prefer the latter...bought a 2nd Neato, and retired the Roomba. It works more efficiently, better shaped for corners, more user friendly with programming/prompts. At least this is what my cleaning expert (wife) tells me.
It is already fitted with the pet and allergy kit, but also comes with the standard 'rubber paddle' brush as extra. The box contained a length of barrier (3 meters?), a manual (pretty rudimentary), I think 2 spare filters and the charging dock. The US model is also 240v compliant but of course has a US plug. Dave
From Product Details: Product Dimensions: 15.2 x 21.3 x 5.5 inches. I haven't measured our furniture, but I would say it needs to be 5" for Neato to go under it consistently and come out again; if the laser "sees" it (and the laser is about 4" high), it just avoids it - it has the capability to lift itself with its back wheels if it "thinks" it sees an obstacle, so just measuring how tall it is might not be the best way to judge what it can go under without a problem. They do mention on the Neato site that if you have upholstery that hangs down in the center of furniture (under a bed or couch , for example), that it might get stuck. Haven't experienced that, but I would note that it can't "see" things that are lower than the spinning laser, 4" or lower I would guess - it may bump them with the bumper or even try to go over them instead of mapping around them.
Yes. A robot vacuum does not replace a regular vacuum completely. What it does do is keep the dust/alergens/hair down between the now vastly sparse regular vacuum jobs. We went from a 2-3 hr vacuum job every 2 weeks to a 1 hr vacuum job ever 3-4 months. THAT has paid for this little guy in a great way! My time and health have both been very positively affected. P.S. He gets stuck under (couch) skirts and manages to close the bathroom door often (locking himself in the bathroom)... so ... teenage boy robot? (yes, a joke!)
I don't have dark carpet but deep brown (almost chocolate color) hard wood. The rug has some black in it. With this in mind, I never had issue with neato so far. I googled this question before buying and found that Roomba has this issue, hence went with neato instead.
No it won't you need the DEWALT Dwst17805 Tstak Expansion Organizer DEWALT (60)
No, it's black. Not sure about it being discontinued though.
No. This base only works with the Tstak system. The Toughbox is wider and has a different flange configuration.
Yes they work great on floors and carpets.
All four wheels swivel
"High impact" plastic...but is very durable and nice big casters.
The dimensions are" Length: 18.915" Height: 7.02" Width: 16.96" Wheel diameter: 3-1/2"
No, only with Tstack system.
Holes are 3/8 inch and are 4 1/8 inches center to center.
It says the exact height it is in the description from the flat part that you screw into your bottom plate to the farthest part of the wheel is 3 1/2" but theres about a 1/2" V but the track has an inverted 1/2" V so you don subtract anything just do you measurement straight down - i.e. you add 3 1/2 " to ur height for the wheel and track
I used lag screws, something relatively long that can stand up to the high stress environment.
It is what you are looking for, v-groove wheel.
2 wheels should do that, but you can use more then that. Thanks.
hello, real item looks like the picture, you can find C-clips on Amazon, thank you!
Search for "spare parts ar drone" on amazon and you will find them
You can buy them on Amazon or eBay. they also come included most times you buy new propellers.
Not quite sure about the super stability of flight after you install with a GoPro.
No
Whoa... this is a huge problem! I bought these propellers and installed them, they work great! However, one crash later, I find that one of my aluminum posts has stripped and can no longer hold the screw, therefore I can't use these props AT ALL! We need to be able to purchase spare aluminum posts AND screws. Can you post specifications on the screws and posts so that we can find them at our local hardware stores when these things break, please?
It did not, for me, but I am thinking the jello effect is due to the cross piece no longer solid with the body. ( Due to many crashes. ) So the camera is actually wobbling a bit, during flight. I did not have jello when the drone was new. Or at least not noticeable to me, like it is now. As a side note, it may be a good idea to balance the blades. I have seen many people mention this before. I have not bothered to take the time yet...
Yes and the epoxy coating is quite durable
Yes, it will be mostly way too strong. Try to find a non neodymium magnet.
"chipping" The single biggest advantage of the coating is reduced chipping and cracking of the magnet when in constant use.
I tried holding a half box of personal note cards on one side of a piece of 1/2 inch wood with a single magnet on one side and four on the other. It kept sliding down when I got near vertical. You can try but I think the magnetic might only keep it in place and relatively easy tugging or pulling would be enough to move the dock. These magnets don't want to be placed side to side or edge to edge. They snap together into a stack real fast. On the side of a refrigerator they need to be slid off. So wrap a piece of tape on then to take them apart easily. I also tried holding up a box of paper clips on one side of the 1/2 inch wood and four magnets on the other side and that didn't work at all.
I used these to display National Geographic maps, photos printed on a laser printer (using high gloss "photo paper"), and am using some now to display photos on Kodak silver halide. I don't recall ever seeing them leave black tracks, but they're powerful enough that they often leave dimples/impressions in the heavier paper.
That is exactly the reason I purchased them..no rust but they are extremely hard to get apart. Probably about half ended up crumbling to pieces when we pried apart. The ones that I am using on the shower curtain work great.
They have a coating on them to protect them from rust and oxidation. Drilling into them would allow them to rust then. I don't think they'd break if you drilled into them, I've been pretty rough with them and they haven't cracked at all. However, your biggest issue is going to be ruining your drill bit, and demagnetizing the magnet. If you are going to drill into it, make sure there is no steel in your drill bit, as it magnet will magnetize the bit, and all the magnetic dust will permanently stick to it, ruining your bit. Get a titanium bit, or tungsten carbide bit. You should also make sure the bit is as small as possible so that you minimize your chances of destroying the magnet domains of the material. I'm not positive, but anything larger than 1/8 would probably greatly weaken the magnet. (To justify my claims above: I'm getting my Ph. D. in physics, and magnetic materials, so I'm fairly familiar with magnets, haha)
I'm not sure but I don't believe it was intended for outdoor use the coating is more to protect them from chipping each other and themselves. sorry i can't be of more help
It's the distance between the top and bottom of the table you need to consider. I have a wooden butcher block table (an inch and a quarter of Teak) and I put one magnet on top and eight magnets below. Although the eight didn't fall, one slight bump or a move of the top magnet would make them drop. The magnetic force was too weak at that distance to hold with any real strength. If the table is thinner then maybe but this wasn't secure. If the table was magnetic metal then these magnets will stick - real fast and real hard.
Our Plate is now back in stock, and will ship out in a couple weeks
I have purchased the "glass printing bed/base" and it is cut to fit the Makerbot Replicator 2
This is made to fit the Makerbot Replicator 2. It is not made for the 2X
Product Dimensions: 12.4 x 9.2 x 1.3 inches; 2.9 pounds
The item I received was cut correctly to form as it fit the machine right. The edges are not perfect but do contain chips and marrs. This does not however affect its utility.
I don't on Amazon, but I do if you go to the most popular auction site you'll find that I do.
This is my all time favorite mop. I first read a review on it in Good Housekeeping and it got good reviews, so I purchased it. I loved it so much I told a friend and she bought it. We both love our mop. We both have laminate flooring and other mops were leaving streaks. This mop does not. I love that you don't need your hands to rinse it out and it rinses out very well. You can get it as dry or wet as you want - for me it depends on how much time I have to leave it dry. The floors dry real fast. Worth every penny for it.
I have noticed if the water gets too dirty it will clog the mechanism' The spinner on the bottom gets clogged? I have had mine for a couple years. If the bottom spinner does not work I just manually move the mop in the water and then spin it dry.
I can't find that information, but I think you can e-mail the company and get that answer. Really don't think you'd need a warranty on this product it is top quality. The bucket is hard and made well, the mop heads are thick and not too expensive. They only thing I can think would break with continue use is the mop handle and if you use as a normal mop that should not come about. I really love this mop and think it is worth the price.
Shipping is included.
Yes, it does!
I RETURNED THIS ONE. HAD BEEN REPACKED AND HAD A CRACK IN THE BOTTOM. ORDERED THIS ONE FROM AMAZON. IT IS THE BEST WE HAVE EVER SEEN. http://www.amazon.com/DynaMop%C2%AEUltimate-Stepper-Silver-Premium-Spin-Mop/dp/B00AYOQOKM/ref=pd_sim_sbs_hg_2. THIS 1 IS GREAT.
I don't know. How old is the mop? You might google the mop and find a customer service number for the manufacturer and see if they will replace the handle.
horrible
For some reason they don't sell the parts on Amazon from what i have found out the parts that are listed on amazon are not from this manufacturer. Having said that, it is worthwhile to contact them about this; just go to http://spinandgopro.com/index.html. You will need to call them for additional information
Very simple. The little white basket you see on the left in this picture is designed to spin. There is water in the bucket area under the spinner. Once you wet the mop and put the strings in the basket, the handle is unlocked. It is moved up and down in a churning motion and will spin the mop as dry as you would like to use or you can just spin it a couple of times to get some of the water out, or almost dry when you are done. You do not get your hands wet and actually do not do a lot of bending to make it work. I LOVE my Spin Mop bucket with spinner! Get one. The design is excellent. Easy to read instructions. Easy to use!
IF YOU WANT CLEAR (they have white also). Used it in my hot tub to seal some underwater lights and it has held up in the chlorine just fine. If you have big voids between tiles not sure if I would use it, but smaller spaces (1/4" or smaller), I would imagine it would work fine.
Yes, but allow to set up in dry conditions for at least 24 hours.
You can't apply this product under water, surface must be clean and dry to make good bond. Once cured it will hold its bond under water.
Yes, after the silicone has sat for about 15-20 minutes.
Boss 802 is designed for use in pools and spas. There is no recommendation for use in a kitchen.
I would say no. the chemicals in the pool water seem to cause it to fail.
The Silicone should be able to withstand maximum hot tub temperatures of 104 degrees. However there is also Hi-Temp Silicone (ASIN: B00B0ORATE) that can withstand up to 500 F.
The Boss Silicone is designed to withstand hot tub temperatures as well as chemicals.
Yes, this silicone is ideal for use underwater.
It can as long as it is used as sealant and not an adhesive. It will not stand up to pressure, but does a great job as a sealant.
2-10v 3300uf,1-25v 1000uf, 3-10v 470uf, 1-25v 100uf, 1-16v 100uf, 1-50v 47uf, 1-100v 47uf, 1-63v 47uf, 3-50v 22uf, 2-50v 10uf
You would need to compare the board in your TV with the photo in the listing. If they match, then the kit will work. Regarding the 3300uf capacitor, we use 10v Panasonic Series FR, there's no 20v 3300uf capacitor in existence, only 16v, 25v and higher.
We do not increase the voltages they are the same as those specified by the manufacturer.
I don't know, but I suggest you call the 800 number for Kohler. I found them very helpful.
I get about 3 1/4" diameter on the flange that seats against the bottom of the tank (inside of tank). The diameter of the "pipe" part of the valve that goes through the bottom of the tank is about 2 1/8". The rubber gasket that seats outside the tank that comes up against the tank from the bottom side is 4 1/8". Hope this helps...
I have a 1.6 gpf Cimarron, and 1188998 is the correct kit. For the 1.28 gpf, the kohler web site calls for 1216616.
Yes.
No
Haven't had that problem mine work great
Haven't tried it yet.
you can easily fit a 2" by .75" label, and as some of the other reviews have noted they hold 6.5 mL to the shoulder and slightly more in the top. (measured with graduated cylinder.)
I use it for e liquid for my electronic cigarette and they are perfect for me.
The bottles are clear/slightly opaque and the caps are bright white
I'm not the seller of this product but I did buy it. Though the bottles in the picture do look like 10ml bottles, the ones I got were the shorter 5ml bottles. Which is exactly what I had been hoping for.
Warn 90288 wireless remote,fits all warn powersports winches with mini-rocker handlebar switch and contactor. ATV/UTV winches.
As far as I know, it will work with any winch with a contactor solenoid. Mine works perfect, Warn winch and Artic Cat contactor on a Honda Rincon.
I was told by Warn Customer Service that it was "Plug & Play" and that one connector would connect into the existing wired harness on my Honda atv. When I received the wireless remote it had more wires to connect than my existing hard wired remote. I sent it back unopened and had to pay $26 return shipping. Supplier has fine print about returns and shipping costs. Buyer beware, and Warn give your employees proper training when specific questions regarding remote model numbers and atv brands and models. The unit looks pretty dinky and would probably had hard time operating buttons with winter gloves or mitts.
It actually replaces the hard wires port. You have 3 wires running from the receiver that will go to the winch control module, and then it has a couple wires if you have the small rocker switch that mounts on a handle bar of an atv. I just wired this in over the weekend, and it is a simple install, but adding this will do away with the wired remote, unless you splice wires.
Don't know...Check with warn...I called and they answered
37" Thirty seven inches .
Nope. It comes fully assembled.
19" wide, 10 1/2" deep Let me know if you need something else, or if you need pictures
nylon wheels, high quality; not metal. has ball bearings and rubber non-inflated tires. casters wheels also are a plastic.
rubber
Yes. Not cheaply made.
1.5"
11.3 lbs. without tools
You have to use bags.
No, it does not include a wall mount. I purchased one of the track type systems from Lowe's with a double hook and a basket. The vacuum hangs well using a six inch double hook utilizing the heavy-duty grab handle on the top of the vacuums backpack style mount. The basket holds all of the accessories.
No. It plugs into a 110 outlet.
I just put it on a standard scale you stand on and it read 13lbs. I think this is an accurate number.
Would work okay on short pile commercial carpet. Will not work well on longer pile carpet. You would need s rotating beater bar which isn't available as an option for this vac.
yes it does swivel the office which i purchased it for loves it...
There's not one I know of, but for throw rugs we either stand on the area of the rug where we're vacuuming or use a different attachment. Another trick is to vacuum away from you in a quick motion! Hope this helps.
No and the wand is not adjustable. So you have to buy an adjustable from a vacuum store to fit.
Yes. It is also designed fit vertically or horizontally on a tactical vest (I have mine set up, horizontally). The CAT is completely contained within the pouch and not visible, however the pouch as a very visible "TQ" on the flap which is easily and quickly accessible.
About the same as a small surefire or Coleman flashlight but reasonably flexible and pouch can attach to molle web
it will definitely fit on the VTech belt and possibly the operator belts. I have mine on my blowout webbing but will also fit on my regular belt, which is a Blackhawk belt.
The range is up to 999.0 mcSv/hr, so as long as you are far away from the blast, then possibly yes. However, if we're nuked then chances are we'll all be dead and those that aren't the radiation levels will be higher than the highest range supported by the RD1212.
2 AAA Batteries
Wanted to check on local radiation levels! Continued radioactive releases from Fukushima nuclear facilities in Japan with the potential of still another major explosion and meltdown of reactor Number 4, poses a real threat to Hawaii. Local government does not provide information on this issue. You can also access a lot of information in other areas that use this detector and radiation levels in other areas on your computer. It gives me peace of mind that I can detect possible contamination in my food. The pacific ocean is being poisoned by Fukushima radioactive discharge, and fish will bio concentrate radioactive materials! Seafood becomes a concern. As time goes by, these issues are becoming more concerning! News often is suppressed to prevent public panic. I hope this helps answer your question.
No, the device only reads radiation around you. Does not produce radiation.
Transmission energies to/from communication towers are much lower than the energies detectable by the Radex RD1212.
That's why I bought one. You have to first perform the average testing to determine the amount of background radiation (which I've found to be very gradually increasing), then you can hold the detector over food and it will register how much over the 'background results' you have from the food sample.
These type of readers take a few minutes to give a reading. What you most likely need is a device that will give a cumulative reading over a period of months. Most medical facilities that deal w/xrays on a regular basis should have issued you a "badge" that is collected and read periodically throughout the year.
No. Radon Gas can not be detected by geiger counters, even though it is radioactive. Because: a) Radon emits Alpha particles, that are so "large" that they can be stopped by a sheet of paper or a layer of skin. These particles travel a very short distance hence they simply won't penetrate the outer shell of the sensor, the Geiger-Muller tube. b) Radiation activity of Radon Gas is very slow: one or twice every 3 hours or so. Almost no particle streams to detect. Best advise: there are specifically designed Radon Gas detectors that cost about as much as the least-expensive geiger counters and are simply left in the basement overnight to produce an accurate and reliable result.
Ours detected a slight background reading. We live closer than the 500 miles you asked about. However, I can't believe there was any energy escaping from the plan as far away as we live.
No GPS.
Yes they do
Teresa, These ramps are 11.25" wide each. Thanks, Wallace Titan Distributors 800-605-8241
The price is for a pair of ramps and shipping is free. You can also see them at www.TitanRamps.com
includes both
I would question the weight of your golf cart if it is battery powered. I looked on line and without batteries the cart may be 600 lbs. The ramps hold me and my atv which combined are around 800 lbs. I would be concerned if a battery cart that it may be pushing 1000 lbs. I think that would be pushing the ramps limits.
How many wheel broken? If just only one, you can take the center wheel and replace it, replacement maybe hard to find, you need to find the right size and right base in order to install it
I am sorry but no.
Luke, the most likely answer is that in China, where the dolly was made, a worker spilled the label tray on the floor. When he put the tray back on the table he got the labels mixed up. The dude doesn't read nor speak English ... so he had no idea what the label said that he put on your dolly. As for me, I'm still trying to figure out why blackberries are red when they're green.
yes
15 3/4 inches x 10 3/4 inches x 3 3/4 inches with 5 wheels.
It's 10.5 x 15.5. Really useful. I have several.
Solid excellent
7.25"
Hello, They all vary. Thank You
Not originally when they are first installed. I had need to use BOTH this product and Scotchlite in same area. The Scotchlite initially was somewhat more reflective, but after a few months, the Scotchlite seems to degrade and now a year later, these UST strips are at least 2X as reflective as the Scotchlite tape.
It's thinner than duct tape, but thicker than light duty packing tape.
I don't know for sure but I would recommend it. The 3M adhesive is brutally strong, however I'm not sure about a soft jacket surface. These reflective tapes really work and they will help protect you. I ride a motorcycle in Mexico and use these on my helmet - these may save my life some day. That being said, even IF they come off in the washing machine, stick on another one.
My laser tachometers have been in storage, so I have not had a chance to try this on them.
I don't think that would be a good idea, because with the constant bending and shape-changing of cloth, it would peel off before too long. I believe this is intended to attach to something hard, stable, and non-porous, like metal. There could be cloth-backed reflective strips that would be better suited to your needs.
Yes. It seems like the consistency of duct tape
Yes! SOLAS compliant product. Also USCG (Coast Guard) approved, and 3M Scotchlite reflective material. This is heavy-duty material...you'll need something sharp to cut this stuff...I use a heavy Stanley utility knife. I applied this to two daypacks that get tossed around quite a bit, and it won't let go. I also wrapped a couple of bands around my trekking poles. I would highly recommend this product. No complaints whatsoever.
Yes, the ramp comes with tie-downs to secure the ramp against the tailgate to prevent movement during loading or unloading. I attached the tie-downs to the ramp and receiver hitch, and felt very comfortable with the arrangement. I especially appreciated the 34" width which allowed me to straddle the motorcycle under power on the ramp. I hope this answers your question and more.
I believe it's 1,500 lbs. Being aluminum and relatively light weight it doesn't seem like it can handle it, but I drive my Harley Road King, about 900 lbs up it into an F-150 with no problem. It's also wide enough to put your feet down backing out, and the way the side ramps are cut, there's plenty of traction. Really a great ramp, especially for the money.
We can have that shipped to you and you would receive that in about three to five business days!
No ashtrays. I wish it did. I am looking for two glass ashtrays myself. Uncle Bri - Milwaukee, WI
Since I only use it outside in the summer, I'm going to let it just age naturally!
This ashtray is 21 inches to the tray itself and 25 inches to the top handle.
It weighs approximately 14 pounds.
I am not looking at it right now, but i recollect it is "normal" width the advantages to this cleaner is that it is powerfull...ie suction, also quietest than i have ever had! the cord is much longer than most also, the disposable bag is high capacity! and is a stong material. The filtration system is a plus for allervy. The only problem so far is the bags are hard to find (as is relatively new model so even dealers in town hadn't heard of it....one went so far as saying i was mistaken that such a model didnt even exhist...:)...I can assure you it does and I love it. Nice rollers on it as well. I have been emptying the bag out (the material is extremely durable) and reusing since i can't so far, find replacements..even, at least last i checked, on Amazon. Hope this helped.
I haven't had any luck either. If you find out please let me know
This unit takes the Sanitaire type SA paper bags. They come 5 to a pack and our part number 68440. I do not have any in stock at the moment but I can order them and they will be 15.45 per package
I emailed Sanitaire from their website about this and they've not responded to me and I still don't know. Can't figure it out. Confounding......
No and vac bags are impossable to find
I have these, can't measure because a friend is using but they accomodate an 11" wide atv tire without any tire over the edge, so I think 12" would be about right. Thats what she said.
Yes they will work with a riding lawnmower. Not sure about a zero turn. I use mine with my mower, golf cart, and four wheeler. Good product
1500lbs
not sure where but they work great for loading and unloading my 4wheeler in my raised pickup
No they're not slippery for the atv. Be careful walking up them though.
Depends... Each ramp claims a weight limit of 750 lbs. According to one source, "The base weight of a Harley-Davidson motorcycle depends on its model type and level of customization. As of 2014, the Superlow ships from the factory at 540 pounds, the Heritage Softail Classic ships at 730 pounds and the CVO Road Glide Ultra ships at 905 pounds." Add your own weight to these numbers if you plan on riding the ramp. Then ask yourself, "Do I feel lucky?"
Yes, they fold in half.
If you are not loading something over 1,500 LBS. The red tips are about 5 inches long and help hold the ramps in place on the vehicle. You must use the straps connected to the bumper to keep the ramps in place. The straps that come with the ramps in place are OK but I upgraded mine to a larger wider pair.
I have a Ford F-150 Supercrew, fairly tall from the factory. These ramps work great for me and store easily in the truck bed since they fold.
inside is 10 7/8 i hope it helps
The only one specifically stated to not use it on is R410a. It should work fine for R134a.
I don't remember exactly, I think is 3/16, 1/4 and 5/16. You can use it in 3 different sizes.
There is a gasket around the needle that holds the seal. It's the same material that is used in gaskets for compressors. If you cleaned the copper before installing, it should last a long time.
Sorry no, do not stock these items
It probly would but its been my experience it will leak around the set screw for the needle when its open
The hoses are for the wrong refrigerant You need R134 hoses
if it fits yes
Sure if the hole is smaller than the O-ring seat on the valve, but these are not a perminement fix and will probably seep out freon. You might try JB weld, don't laugh it works!
how do the Freon go into value show me.
Instal on the low pressure side, it is usually the smaller pipe coming off of the condenser. On mine it was the only pipe I could reach. Place it where you have room to put the charging hose and gage on. Also make sure once installed you can put the housing back on uninhibited. You cannot remove once installed because it pierces the pipe. Do not overfill.
Could not get it to work as hoped and tossed it with all the failed tries. Still looking for solution to my problem. Best solution seems to pay cost for hardware with built in solution. Old school learn hard.
No
yeah, that's how I have mine set up. I use it for audio only, so I cannot comment on the video. but it allows me to stream my google play music from my tablet into a 2 channel input on my receiver (zone 2). works well for that.
Normally no usb power source is needed when chromecast is powered by AC power supply. Then the item will be able to draw power from chromecast.
Yes it will.
I can't answer your question directly, all I can do is tell you how I used the converter. Basically the converter extracts the audio (only) from a HDMI device. What I built was an awesome Wi-Fi music streamer. Chromecast to Audio Converter to 1.5 FT RCA Cable to SMSL T-Amp and out to a pair of Bose 151 Outdoor Speakers. Here is the parts list except for the speakers. Anyone can now use their smart phone to stream high quality music outside through this device and it works great. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DR0PDNE/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00DMZOUVK/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003L1717K/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A2QLGEQ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o09_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Hi, this one has both TOSLink and RCA out: http://www.amazon.com/Panlong-Converter-Extractor-Splitter-De-embedder/dp/B00JVNX8RO.
Powered by the HDMI input. There is no separate power supply.
You get audio out from the RCA (red-white plugs). That means you can plug in any HDMI source (like your Satellite or DVD player), and you can listen to ONLY the audio portion from the HDMI. Not sure what you mean by Channel-compatible? Red-white outputs are simply left channel right channel sound.
This only outputs audio. There is no HDMI out port. To do that you would need an HDMI splitter, and run 1 to the TV and the other to the audio extractor. If you do that, then yes, you can plug headphones into this.
Hi Any electric hand held drill will do Some advice, make sure to use a work in a wet set up (drill bit and glass must be in water) start diagonally to create a mark and then straight down Thanking you for your inquiry
Hi No, you can you this machine only on round bottles. Thanks
I've been cutting the bottoms off of wine bottles. The thickest one was probably only 1/4 of an inch, (which was not a problem) but not sure about 1/2 inch....I think the hardest part with that would be getting a straight break when separating.
You may be able to use the Apple camera connection kit to extract digital audio from Apple IOS devices, however the Nuforce icon IDO, is going for $100 bucks right now and it is designed specifically for IOS devices. The IDO is also a great headphone amp and has analog outputs to send audio to your amp, so you can listen to it through the speakers. I own both devices and you can't go wrong with either one. Both offer great quality for the buck and if you've never used an external DAC for music listening, your in for a real treat. Best of luck.
Thanks for your question. This unit itself will improve the sound of your digital music stream but will not amplify speakers. You will need wither an amp and speakers or powered speakers, either of which will employ a volume control.
William, It uses fully discrete circuitry. Enjoy! Eric C
I've had great feedback on the MF piece but haven't had any experience on the other models that you mention. Eric C
Can't speak directly to the JBLs, but I use mine as part of an A/V setup in connection to a pair of NHT monitors, and it sounds excellent.
as long as your computer gets you a digital out, either coaxial or optical, then you can enter the dac , then from the dac to your amplifier with a very common rca (red + white) cable. If I may, go for the highest quality file format on spotify, not sure if you have flac there, or any other lossless format, but aim for the highest bit rate. This dac turns a great source into wonder, but won't turn highly compressed mp3 crap into musical heaven.
The best audio quality would be with a separate headphone amp. I assume this is what you are after if you have the MF DAC
I own this. The V90 is a much better delivery platform for USB and Digital. It is a true DAC. It was also added to the Sterophile List of recommended components.
I don't have a Macbook air, however it works fine with my iMac, and no issues with OSX.
The V-90 is in a different higher league compared to the 1.2, to appreciate it fully you will need full size speakers and seperate amp. You may consider a Fiio X1 and connect it by audio lead. The Fiio line out mode is very good but needs about 100 hours run in time before sounding its best.
You can add scraps in winter, but outside, no composting will happen. Keeping inside might help, but it needs to be kept pretty warm to really stay composting.
Check out their web page at http://www.totercomposter.com/product-tour/overview BPA free, Polyethylene construction Made with up to 50% recycled content
No you must turn it by hand.
Works really well, but one must empty it out in the fall if you live in a cold climate. Little buggers wouldn't like freezing temps. I dumped mine out on the garden & plan to buy new worms this spring.
Hi! We purchased one of these Toter compost carts, and the compost in the bottom of the cart is finished now. We will use the compost as is, although it does have a few larger pieces. If you wanted uniform compost, you could screen it (here are directions for a homemade compost screen: http://www.dep.state.pa.us/dep/deputate/airwaste/wm/Recycle/Comp_Screen/Build1.htm), and put the larger pieces back in the top of the cart. As, I said, we think it is fine as it is, and it looks and smells finished. - I hope this helps.
Estimated delivery times are listed on the respective CubeX product pages listed on Amazon. The included material with each CubeX is not able to be substituted. Thank you!
Yes. You design the 3d object using any number of 3D design software programs. I use Sketchup, Z-brush, and Cinema 4D on my Macbook Pro. Sketchup is a free program FWIW. Then you run it through the Cube Slicer (I actually use Kisslicer though) and load it to the printer.
Hi J. Criss, The CubeX will only print in one color but the CubeX *TRIO* will allow you to print in three colors. Thank you. Team Cubify.
All pricing can be found directly on our Amazon pages. Each CubeX printer includes 1 material cartridge, 2 bottles of Magic CubeX Glue, 1 Print Pad, 1 Toolkit, 1 USB Stick and a power cord. It has everything you need to get started 3D printing right away!
When measured the inner diameter is 2 1/8.
Very little if any at all
It does not have a plug. It is a 2 wire motor that has to have a plug wired into it
Yes it does but in order to get the blower and the motor apart you need to have a long hex driver to release the fan from the motor shaft.
Yes I think it will work great.
This Blower is 5" wide, Front to Back 6 1/4", and Top to Bottom 5 1/2".
1TDN7 inlet diameter is 2 & 3/8". Thats where the air goes into the blower. You can see it covered in the picture. The outlet, where the air goes into whatever you are blowing up is 2 & 1/8". That is the opening shown in the picture.
I just physically measured the inlet inside diameter and it is 2 1/8"
No, I don't think they are strong enough to be washed, especially not in a washer.
No. The instructions suppose that you know what you want to pour in there. The tub has a sealing lid that would keep a liquid from evaporating.
I think this means that you "charge" it with your favorite cleaning solution.
This includes three 80-count packs for a total of 240 sheets.
80 count per wrapped bundle.
12
Yes, it includes the plastic tub holder.
The actual sheet size is 12" x 12"
We have it on high gloss bamboo floors in our front room by our front door. We have a 115 pound German Shepherd puppy that plays hard and usually jumps all over this area. I didn't use adhesive because I didn't want to ruin my floors, so all I did was take some super strong clear duct tape and tape all the squares together on the bottom (a strip on each connecting side, sticky side away from wood floor). This gave the tiles extra grip and even though they get high traffic and abuse, we have been very happy with them. They are holding up VERY well and move very little. Like I said, we play tug of war with our very large puppy on them and they move a little, but my other carpet (which was much more expensive, with a carpet padding underneath) moved all over he place and was destroyed within a year. So, I would recommend these tiles and then strong clear duct tape to hold them together better. Without the duct tape they really don't move much because they have a good rubber backing but the tape really stopped most movement. I hope this helps.
I don't see any reason why not, since they have no adhesive you can move them around at will.
in my opinion I think these would work just fine. If the carpet is thin underneath. I have my tiles over uneven floor and it molds nicely on top. But just to let you know, the colors I received are neutral and NOT bright so if you are looking for bright tiles for your classroom, it may not be the right tiles for you. The quality is great though.
Backing is a textured hard rubber backing. These carpet tiles are pretty heavy I was only able to carry 3 at a time. These are tiles that you would find in a large office space such as a whole floor of a building. I put mine over hardwood in a home office so not really sure about sound but if you put them on the walls they definitely would take care of the sound. The best way to describe them is they are like a high end carpet car mat. Hope this helps. My colors ranges were mostly blue/gray and tan/multi beige. I think I bought 4 or 5 boxes.
The carpet tile will not damage your wooden floor. It is easy to remove. Thanks.
The tiles measure 24 x 24 inches.
2ft by 2ft
No
Thanks for the inquiry. The minimum order quantity is 12 pieces.
No, this listing is for randomly selected assorted colors and patterns. Thanks.
Yes they are sealed as depicted in the picture on Amazon. Yes they are for 2" track with a 4"stem.
They should most any standard garage door.
These rollers are designed to replace worn out originals and are likely higher quality (sealed ball bearing). Door weight varies tremendously depending on material and construction, but if they match what you have now, you should have no problems.
4.5"
It has a 4" stem length
125 lbs per roller @ 20,000 12' door cycles.. happy to help you! Sanford and Son Overhead Doors
Yes These rollers are nylon garage door rollers.
Schiit charges freight on top of the price, although that would roughly only add $20 or so area dependent of course
Yes, it's normal. It clicks when the bitrate changes. From the Schiit Bifrost FAQ page: Hey, this Bifrost I got clicks! What's up with that? It's just the muting relay, operating normally. We chose a relay rather than relying on the D/A chip's soft mute, since it's safer and less sonically invasive. You'll thank us when you accidentally send some Dolby Digital content down the line and your speakers don't explode because of full-scale noise on the output.
Yes
It's 110v but if you purchase directly from Schiit, I believe there is an option to choose 230v.
No, its strictly a DAC. You connect the output to a headphone amp, preamp, receiver etc.
Not true,I was able to adjust my volume with amp or pc
There is always a better DAC out there. In most cases they will cost some serious $$$$. The Schiut Bifrost is excellent for its price. I cannot say though if it will improve the sound from your system because there are more variables than just the DACs. My advice though is to stay with the Oppo's DAC.....even if this is an older model/DAC, they do their players quite well.
If you are playing low resolution compressed mp3 files save your money and buy the Modi instead. You really only need the Bitfrost with lossless material IMHO.
good
Now!
if you're using a lot of flux paste.
Ok this one has a 15 gauge needle, the larger the number for the gauge the thinner the needle will be so depending on how thin you want just go with a higher gauge number.
Isnt spackle really thick like paste? Im gonna say no.
15
yes they can be changed out. They are twist lock.
Yes, these syringes are made of plastic.
Yes, they come individually packaged, each one says "Sterile" on it.
I believe they are, (or possibly aluminium). They were from China and did NOT have a blunt needle, if it makes a difference. I used them to inject insecticide into a antique piece of furniture and they worked fine. They're priced low too. Good luck
yes
No. The tips are to big around and blunt.
12v DC Batteries or a wall transformer works. Also can run off solar.
You would need to custom build an adapter to fit you jars. This pump is for "tinkerers". Also, think about how much vacuum it will pull... Will it be enough for YOUR task? Food poisoning is no joke.
I don't have any specs, but I can tell you the pump works for my application. I use it to augment the engine vacuum on my 1997 Volvo S90. When accelerating or climbing a long grade, the vacuum drops and the HVAC, which is vacuum controlled, fails into default. The reason for this is a small leak that is not easily repaired. I know where the leak is but to fix it requires dismantling the whole HVAC unit. SO I installed this small pump through a check valve and controlled by a rocker switch. If I notice the HVAC is malfunctioning, I flip the pump on with the switch. The pump is very small but it pulls a strong vacuum with a small displacement. CFM would not be appropriate measure. Cubic inches per minute might be better. I would doubt if it is continuous duty device. As I said it works for this application. I would guess that it draws perhaps one amp.
No it doesn't pulse. It's constant run motor
The pump is power by small electric (12 volt DC ) motor and the material for the body of the pump is composite black plastic is so small but powerful, I used to create vacuum to filter wine and works fine. If you use to crate vacuum in plastic container be careful because it will be collapse. I don't know how long this little pump will last but until now mine is working fine.
Mine unit achieves it's full vacuum potential (20"), on a half pint canning jar &lt; 1 min.
no hardware kit for it, its universal , I just zip tied it in place and it worked but its very noisy
I wouldn't think so.
I don't know the vacuum requirements for that application, but I wouldn't rely on it for an automotive or industrial application, especially where safety is involved. I don't think it would last too long for continuous duty.
Don't know, exactly. But it is strong enough to remove most of the air from a bag of food. And it can run quite happily at 24V, so far as I have seen, in case you want more suction.
Haven't tried it on ladwp but got it hopeing it would work on SCE and barrel is too big.
No it will not
I had the same problem trying to find the correct barrel lock key, and I too paid for the same Jonard TTB-6 steel barrel lock key ($49.00 on Amazon) and it did NOT fit, I contacted the company whom made that key , and it is the only size their selling, but I do have the correct key that will work,eveyone try to tell you it work, but it do not. however it depend how old is the lock. I got both keys( the new lock and the old lock) but I have to pay $1,000.00 for each key
I have no idea. Not something I would even remotely suggest.
No
I do not understand the question, if the Power Lock boxes use the same barrel lock as cable MDU boxes, then yes. Here's a link to the type of lock this key opens. http://www.highfield-mfg.com/products/default.asp?CategoryID=63
Hi Nat I'm sorry I don't offer any other sizes at this time. Thanks Glenn
I don't know, I try to use in PR. and does not work.
I live in Los Angeles, and no it did not work for me!
I don't know, but it didn't work in Northern Ohio. :/
Yes, Works on Windows 7 , no CD was needed. Great Color! Just plug and go
YES.
I use it for a submersible ROV. We have added another usb cable to the original for an extra 25 feet; however, first we secured teh cnnection with smaiil amount of tape then covered the entire connection in heavy grease (from toilet bowl kit) and then wrapped treh grease and connection in heavy plastic (shrink wrapped) . This acted as a water repellent and did not interfere with the connectivity. We also strapped 2 popsicle sticks to teh connection area to keep it as a solid piece with little flexibility
I would imagine that it IS waterproof, as most of us are buying it to inspect long pipes, and those pipes are usually a fluid transporter of some kind! I don't think it would do well in any kind of pipe that is used to store or transport gasoline, though, as the vapors of gasoline (or kerosene, diesel fuel, etc) can damage plastic, vinyl and/or rubber, quite easily. But for water pipe inspections........YES! But then, at what depth the waterproofing capacity is still functioning, is unknown. Maybe to a depth of 10 feet, or possibly 20 feet, (33 feet deep is one atmosphere, in relation to water pressure....pretty high pressure) might NOT breach the waterproofing capacity of the camera housing (as that would be the weakest entry point, IMHO). Beyond that depth, is anybody's guess! I hope this helps you! Sincerely, bhaz2
The camera and light are integrated. There are four small (perhaps too small) LEDs around a small camera. The whole thing is nicely encased in a brass fitting with a water tight front lens cover. The OD of the front of the camera and light is about 15mm. The length is around 63mm. The box gives the following specs: Sensor: 1/6 CMOS Image Sensor, Pixel VGA 300K Pixels, I/O Interface USB2.0/1.1, Color 24 bits Color. Resolution 1280x720, 640x480, View Angle 62Degrees, The camera is fine but the LEDs are a little weak. I ordered a very small LED flashlight and will combine them for my next voyage.
Its not rigid enough.you can't push it as-is...you need attach electrical or plumbing snake with it
I used an electrical snake (fish tape) and electrical tape to secure it. You could easily cut the p-trap and put new one on if it's that.
i haven't used mine yet. i haven't had a drain problem yet? as far as i can figure it should work right up to the clogged part of drain. just looking at mine i will need something stiffer to tie on to the endoscope to push it down the drain like a drain tape 3/8" or 1/2" one.
Yes, there is a thumb control located on the usb plug module that allows you to smoothly vary the intensity from none to a maximum which is more than bright enough for my purposes (Mainly looking in my sewer line and fireplace chimney). Hope this helps
honestly i don't know because i have not measured it, but when i used it to look down my main drain which is more than 30 ft, i have pretty good length left.
You have to do the leveling somewhat manual. There leveling is a nice feature, but doesn,t work for galss because it is thincker. I only uses glass, I found it to be the best way to print for this printer. I spay the glass with a good hairspray that dries quickly. I level the bed using a piece of paper. most paper is .005 thick. I first use their method to see how far the plate is out, then I get it closer and check it again. Then for the final leveling I use a piece of paper and bring the nozzel to it in incriments. then I do a final check with their checking system. The I save that and then set the nozzel height. I stays for a long time after I do that. When I see some curling I then re-set it again. I is still somewhat time consuming but it works well. If you get is close and save it I think the nozzel compensates as it prints although I am not sure of this. I really like their sofrware. I also have a makerbot 2X and that is a whole different situation. The UP! plus makes the nicest print for very small intricate objects I make a small freznel lense with it and it is great. I ahve been using this printer since October and I would recommend it. I only use this printer for things I sell or fix Thanks, Mike
The box is only 4 to 5 inches or so larger than the 3D printer on each side (for packing safety). It has a handle on top and that's how we're moving it around. It is easy to carry around, I don't consider the box particularly large or awkward. Sorry I don't have it here to measure...
We use SolidWorks to generate the object and export it as an STL file. You still have to use the program that comes with the UP Plus printer to open the STL file and print the object; there is no traditional print driver.
Yes, all 3D printers print from .stl files. If you look at the type of files you can download from thingiverse, they are all .stl files.
The Mini 3D UP printer is my first 3D printer, so I can't compare to anything else. From my point of view, I am quite happy with the printer. The printer came with a faulty limit switch, and I had to send it to a service center (in the US.) The help system, and those who run it, were helpful and competent and understandable to an English speaker. Despite the initial out of the box flaw, I am happy with the purchase.
"Apocalypse Dreams" by Tame Impala
There can be several causes. First check your perf board for any warping. Calibrate your printer. The last possibility is the quality of the plastic used.
The multi-rotor designs that I have looked at on Thingiverse are a little too big for the build platform on this printer. This does not mean that you couldn't make it work. You could redesign any components to a size that fits the build plate or use a tool like netfabb to slice the components into printable chunks. To make it easier on you, I would consider a printer with a build platform closer to the 200mmx200mmx200mm range.
Always use a raft. Preheat your bed. While you are doing this, blow a hair dryer on the bed also. The dryer helps the bed reach a higher temperature. Once at the higher temp, the heating element on the bed seems to be able to maintain the higher temperature. Also, after you get the bed warmed up, make sure you keep the door closed to hold in as much heat as possible. I've never had a print fail to stick to the bed using this method. Hope it helps!
My guess is that the material is not sticking to the platform. Try preheating it.
Have had it for a yr and about 200 hrs and still going strong
To elaborate on some of the other answers, there is one print head, so only one filament can be used at one time. However, you can pause the printer and change filament mid-print if you need to print colors in layers. For example, if you wanted to print a background object (cube, whatever) in one color and switch to another for embossed-looking text, this would be possible with close observation of your print and timely intervention. If you need to print colors in a complex structure, it will be extremely difficult to coordinate the filament swapping.
Owned this printer since December and it has performed well. I recommend getting a small butane torch and the temperate control switch for the print head so you can control the temperate for different plastics. The torch is handy if the brass print head ever gets clogged. This printer is great. They have a newer model that you might want to consider.
I created a snowflake,spider and apple.
Thanks for asking this question. I used my disc plow behind my four-wheel utility vehicle with great success. If you don't already have a one-point hitch for your three wheeler, you will need some type of hitch. I bought a one-point hitch for my UTV and it works very well with the disc plow. I have used the disc plow to smooth out deep ruts in my back yard caused by feral hogs rooting there. I highly recommend this disc plow. It is a good value for the price. Hope this helps you.
I bought the 1 point system that put the pressure down. Works real well after set up for your quad. Box is 1' square by 4' long
They spin independent of each other
The 1-Point Lift System (ie. mounting bar) is not included in the price of this disc plow. It is available for sale on Amazon by searching for "Impact Implements 1-Point Lift System for ATV/UTV & 2" Receivers ".
It fits into a standard 2 inch receiver but I would recommend the trailer attachment that they sell for it as it is extremely rough on the hitch and frame of the quad without it
No, the Impact Implements Disc Plow will not attach to the Kolpin Accessory Tool Bar. It does attach to the required Impact Implements 1-Point Lift System which is available on Amazon at: http://www.amazon.com/Impact-Implements-1-Point-System-Receivers/dp/B00D260FI6/ref=pd_sim_auto_1?ie=UTF8&refRID=1DTT2KRVYJPZ39E6Z4Y3
Yes there is. Go to this web site. You may have to copy and paste to the address bar. https://motoalliance.com/Site.Store.go?action=gotoProductDetails&id=919 At bottom of "Disc Plow" page, click on "Documentation" Download the PDF file "Disc Plow-Assembly Schematic" Will be 6 pages of all the information you could possibly need. Hope this helps...
Yes, mine did. It's called the hot end, but you will need a stepper motor to feed the plastic into the hot end.
It's Nema17 stepper motor. Holding torque:48N.cm Min
Hi,please check our wiki page: http://www.geeetech.com/wiki/index.php/Ramps1.4 There is Wiring,software ect. for you. You also can post your problem on our forum(geeetech.com/forum/) or directly send mail to technical at geeetech dot com, our tech-support will reply you ASAP.
You can use this kit and Mechanical parts(Threaded/Smooth Rod,Nut,Washer,Spring ect.) and Plastic Parts for frame to build a MendelMax 1.5.
Hi, We have a set unassembled kits of Prusa Mendel I2 in our store,please check out:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00GQVF29G You also can buy the electronic parts and metal parts in our store and ask other sellers to print the plastic parts for you. Any other concerns, just feel free to contact us. Yours Sincerely, Cherish
Hi, This kit including all of Electronics Parts for a printer. You need Mechanical parts(Threaded/Smooth Rod,Nut,Washer,Spring ect.) and Plastic Parts for frame. By the way,if you want to fix the boards, an Acrylic universal support plate will help you. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00EC4BB4E Any other concerns, just feel free to contact me. Yours Sincerely, Cherish
No you don't add a water hose. you fill it up and it starts beeping when it's out.
With the boiler and cold water tank full it will run around 2 hours and medium output. It is continuous flow so you just ad more water to the cold water tank and do not have to shut down or stop steaming.
Hi. It is best for spot removal as it is a high heat vapor steamer. There is no vacuum. Carpet cleaning machines are not vapor steamers. For the most part a carpet cleaning machineuseshot/warm tap water ( not steam at 210 to 290 degrees ) along with a chemical cleaning solution with a built in vacuum. Vapamore is great for spots on carpet and sanitizing the whole carpet. So if you need the vacuum capability this particular model would not be for you. I hope that helps. We do not want to steer you to the wrong product for your needs.
The tank is 1.1 gallons.
This is a commercial rated steam vapor cleaning system, yes it will!
This is a true vapor steamer
I could not recommend this unit
It's a steamer not a carpet extraction machine for carpet
110v. However I do not recommend the unit
It depends on which flashforge machine - but the important bits are: this machine has been utterly dependable for me. I run it day in and day out in a university lab - I actually use a Raspberry Pi running octoprint so I can manage things remotely - and to be able to do that, I need to know that every time I click print from a remote computer, that the printer is going to *work*. That means perfectly - the 1st layer height should stay put, the machine must heat reliably, etc. The M2 does that for me. In addition its very beefy frame means that it can hit pretty scary looking print speeds (seriously. get a strong table.) while maintaining a very high standard of quality. M2 also has MakerGear behind it - their support is unbelievably good - Josh, who handles most tech support, responds quickly and helpfully. I have broken a handful of parts on my machine - mostly my fault, not the printer's - and MakerGear usually has a replacement shipped same day. When a part on another M2 at my school failed unexpectedly, MakerGear shipped the replacement parts less than three hours after we emailed them, for free, and talked us through proper reinstallation. Buy once for the speed, the reliability, the quality. Buy again and again for the support.
The version sold on Amazon comes preassembled. The kit form is a few hundred dollars cheaper and my understanding is that it is available directly from MakerGear only. If you are interested in the kit form, then send an email to MakerGear. They are very good about answering questions promptly.
If you're going to spend this much money to get a great printer just pony up and get Simplify 3D for your software. Shareware is great but this package excels on ease, higher levels of accuracy and controllability. As far as your computer you can run anything to control your printer or use the SD slot. Simplify 3D had memory errors when I used a lower end processor, this was may upgrades ago. I upgraded my notebook and had zero issues with slicing or controlling the M2 printer but I think anything you get today in a computer will be able to run it.
I have not but I did print a mold for one of the parts I need mass produced. This printer prints very well if you put it inside an enclosure to keep the temp nice and warm. If you don't then you're asking for a ton of frustration. This is true for any 3D printer without an enclosure.
You can connect to it via USB, or you can save your 3d models to the sd card on the printer and print from the sd card.
Yes it does and it is very responsive with simplify 3D. Haven't tried it with slicer yet.
It depends on how complicated the print is. A 3 inch mustache cutter took about 45 min to print.
Yes, I have used wood and others have had success with flexible filaments
I have always printed indoors. There are no appreciable odors from any of the filaments I've used. ABS may bother someone who is particularly sensitive to the smell, but the fumes are not anywhere near toxic levels. Heated ABS is just a bit disagreeable to some people, but not a safety issue.
When the M2 is in the lowest vertical position, the measured distance from the supporting M2 table surface to the top of the M2 glass surface is 4.5".
Hello, most of the time the Arduino will not be able to provide enough current but this shield has 4 H-Bridges where each bridge provides 0.6A (1.2A peak current) with thermal protection and can run motors on 4.5V to 25V DC using an external power source. Motor configuration: drive 4 DC motors or 2 stepper motors or 2 Servo: Up to 4 bi-directional DC motors with individual 8-bit speed selection or up to 2 stepper motors (unipolar or bipolar) with single coil, double coil or interleaved stepping. Hope this helps.
Yes,it does the job.
You should be able to find them here: http://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-arduino-lesson-16-stepper-motors
The information is on the Amazon page for this item under "Product Description" the last lines say "The documents can be downloaded from here:" and then gives this link: https://app.box.com/s/llxhzjeoth1xmo33jhhp This is a zip file which give a schematic and other data.
Lookfor AccelStepper and/or af_motor. https://www.google.com/#q=accelstepper
Same here. Any help... from anyone?
4 motors depending how much power you give it.
Yes. It does.
normal 3,5, and 7 ml blood tubes and serum separators. Does not hold mini hematocrit tubes. Which makes me sad.
Yes to both. That's actually exactly what we ordered it for at my company. We placed smaller tubes within the provided tubes for the centrifuge and spun them down to separate the serum layer.
Six
Mine never work at all. I have to return it. Never get this item again.
Yes
1790g
If so I don't know how. It is rated at around 4000 rpm's which is a little high for the usual centrifuging of whole blood. Would like to know myself if speed can be lowered.
No, blood only.
No, this is kind of a delicate instrument, and is best standing on an end table, or another area where it wouldn't get bumped.
no it does not, but it is really tall and keeps accurate temperature.
I just got off the phone with Bel-Art Products, the supplier. All of their stock is 60-100 in 4 degree increments. They are going to correct the product description to reflect that.
I am not totally sure where this beautiful thermometer was made, but it is a very accurate and beautiful piece of "ART" that has a special place in our home. It is very accurate in temperature readings, but the biggest wonder is "how does it know?"
Yes it does have a blower! I use it for drying wheels and detailing the interior of cars. It works fantastic!!
Yes. Bag just aids in finer dust collection. Works great for me either way.
Yes without a doubt. Please make sure the ash is cold. You may or may not have to clean the filter afterwards.
Yes it can u can use it like a pump to suck and drain water.
No. The opening where the hose attaches to the vacuum is 2.25 inches in diameter.
Yes. It is a very powerful for its size. I use it to pick up slivers of glass as I work with stained glass. I have been very satisfied with its abilities.
yes, it would work well as long as any branch material is less than an inch long.I use it for saw dust
Personal preference, quality, this one had a larger motor. Looks nice in my garage.
Notice the black disk sitting next to the filter on the picture, that has to go onto the bottom of the filter
Yes, although we did order a better filter since we are using this for cleaning out our pellet stove. Better filter cleans out the ashes without having to wrap the filter that comes with the vacuum.
yes, it should be strong enough. it's solid rubber...perfect for our one step up from the garage. But it does have a strong rubber odor. And it has deep ridges so not sure if that would be a problem with the power chair.
Not if your on foot.
No. It is for heavy vehicles. It is slippery for trying to use with a wheelchair, which was why I bought it. It would be great for an rv to climb a curb, but doesn't work for household access.
Measurements for this are as stated: measures 23.5" x 10.25" x 3.875" overall for use by a curb. Please look at the shed ramps - you can place them as far apart as you need.
You will need to buy more than one if its not wide enough. I use four at the street for my driveway apron.
I bought 2 of these for my father to drive his jeep into his garage. They work perfectly even though they are about an inch too tall. His apron had sunk about 3 inches from the garage floor and these are 3 7/8 inches tall. They work great.
Don't know
Heavy for a woman under 175 lb . Probably 25 lb each ,
It says it comes calibrated. However we have been using a nickel to make sure it is accurate and it seems to be a little under or sometimes over. Only by .04
Yes, I got a .00 scale just as described in which you're looking for. Im sure if the wrong one was sent they'd send you a new replacement one.
Scale reads grams, to convert just multiply by 1000 to get mg. (1 g=1000 mg)
The smart Weigh do not have the mode to troy ounces and pennyweights,but you may use it doing the Metric Convertions;1 ounce=0.911458333 troy ounces.Max capacity for measure is 3 ounces.
This model calibrates with a 100 gram weight
No. I make 800mg gel capsules they weigh .8 grams. 20mg is .02 gram while the scale displays hundredths I wouldn't trust the accuracy at that small an increment.
Yes. The cover comes off so that you can't weigh things in it.
Does not appear to be designed for removal. You could easily remove it but the molded plastic pins would most likely fatigue and not permit re installation.
It measure gram, ounces, grain, and carat
Shipping weight is on the sales page, but you must convert pounds to kilos or grams using an online conversion tool.
it ain't light. my scales put it at 28.5 pounds. it has a handle to help lift it. it may be heavy but it has wheels so i never carry it. just fold it up and lift it up into the yukon. lift it out and unfold it as soon as it is on the ground. to me, putting up with 28 pounds for 3 feet up or 3 feet down is better than carrying the 30 to 50 pounds i put in the wagon for the mile or more i walk at swap meets. hope this info helps you.
Yes
It does not pull good in beach sand. I hate mine. On solid ground or street its great
10 in wide and 2ft. 5in tall
The Wonder Wheeler is much better than the Sandusky product. When our first Wheeler needed to be replaced, we bought the Sandusky. After trying to drag the Sandusky through the sand, we bought another Wonder Wheeler. The Sandusky is now in our storage shed being used to hold various beach items; not to be rolled out again. Or, we'll sell it at a garage sale.
yes it would
I bought 4 of them. Happy with 3 of them. 1 gotten from different vendor. Handle is no good. Really, all of them are not that great pulling them in loose sand. But better than carrying thinges by hand to the beach. 3 daughters and 6 grandkids. The wagons are great for hauling baseball, football and soccer equipment. No idea on how to help you with your problems. Sorry.
No, the bolts come off the wagon. This is a horrible wagon. It tips easily. Rusts easily.
Deanna, Yes I had the same problem. Hope u have better success w the wagon. Have a great weekend.
Normal ship time for this item is approximately 3 - 4 weeks.
I used one for a crystal radio, and in my design report I recorded an LCR meter gave mine a range from 80pf-365pf. Also FYI, Make sure you get a knob! Touching it directly can affect the circuit's Inductance or Capacitance (don't remember which one), which makes fine tuning very frustrating!
Phenolic
Hello, Orders under $89.00 ship for $5.95. Add items to your cart and have the cart combine vs. making separate purchases. Thank you
Hello, The shaft is attached on the other side to a shallow counter sunk hole on the plate. You would need to drill through to add a shaft. Not easily done. Thank you
brand new caps, 31 blade, .010-air-gap, 1/4" tuning shaft, and CW rotation decreases capacitance. Testing indicates a capacity range of ~~ 390 (fully meshed) to 16 pf (fully open). That is all I can tell you at this point.
Hello, this variable capacitor has 4 terminals.
I forget the details, since I ordered this a couple months ago, but I was researching a Homemade Crystal Radio at the time that I bought it. I am assuming that the voltage is very low. YouTube videos show Crystal Radios using this type of Variable Capacitor.
That means you can't change the batteries so when the light stops working you throw it away. Don't buy it anyway. I've purchased two amd both are crap. Not bright and stop working after a few days.
No
I received a pink penlight with purple pupil gauges at the time I purchased it.
The brush and small crevice tool is stored on the shark. The wand and expanding crevice tool, well, is stored in my closet. The long crevice tool is handy and has a soft tip so it doesn't scratch baseboards, etc. the wand is also very useful. This is a great vacuum.
No not at all. The handle locks in place
You can clean the HEPA filter. This is what the Shark website states "There is a post-motor HEPA filter located on the bottom of the unit which should be cleaned approximately every 12 months. To remove this, you will need to fully recline the vacuum body to access the HEPA cartridge. You can also remove the floor nozzle by pressing the orange nozzle release button on the side of the unit. Next, turn the latch to the unlock symbol, remove the bottom cover and press the button to release the filter frame. To wash, put under tap water until the water runs clean, then let air dry completely for at least 24 hours. Once dry, replace the HEPA filter back into your vacuum and secure the cover on the bottom of the vacuum."
No, it doesn't. Just a roller brush.
Hi Maria, mine came with a small brush for upholstery, a very thin attachment for getting into tight corners and a pet hair power brush.
Mine doesn't. It only has a regular setting, and a "power" setting, which I use on carpets. It doesn't work well on shag carpets. I have a bath mat with longer fibers and it just jams the rollers.
It runs on standard electrical outlet, USA standards (110) like all other vacuums. Great vacuum, easy to maneuver and very good suction and easy to clean. I give it 5 stars:)
Yes. Easy to see and access button, across from the power button.
Yes, look at my review. It only happens to me in the winter. I wrap a dryer sheet around tbe handle and that helps some.
I'm guessing your talking about carpet adjustment, there isn't a bare floor or high carpet knob but I think it just adjust it's self. I go from my medium high carpet to bare floors all the time. I love everything about it. Long cord, light weight, picks up great, love the attachment part, so much easier than a Dyson.
I have the older version without the spray bottle and I've used it on my wood laminate in the kitchen for several years with no problem. I always had a problem with streaks with a regular mop and cleaner but with only using water this does a nice job and leaves no streaks.
prevent a build-up of minerals from hard water inside the unit and it will last a lot longer. To prevent a build-up of minerals from hard water inside the unit. Just run a cup of vinegar through the unit, now it's going to smell of vinegar. So what I do is go outside and plug it in and let it do it's thing. I got this from Hints from Heloise in the late 60's
Hello, 1) only apply pressure in a scrubbing motion for specific stubborn spots (dried foods etc) 2) it is not heave, but the handle is not adjustable for height, I think you should be ok using from the wheelchair. 3) it unfortunately does not stand on its own because of the swivel head.
The cleaning solution is good, but you can just use distilled water and a little white vinegar once the bottle is empty. The lid will screw off the bottle after it does a few clicks. This is a MUCH cheaper way to do it, since the price for new bottles is very high. Make sure once you're done mopping, that you remove the cleaning pad, since it holds moisture and can rust out the steam mechanism. Just follow the directions.
Yes you can. I do that most of the time. It cleans very well with just the hot steam.
It takes 4 AA batteries.
Really dirty floors. They can be disposed of instead of having to wash them.
I've never had that problem. If you are using the muti-purpose cleaner and distilled water and a clean pad, it should not leave a film. However, the first couple of times you clean the floor, you may get film from the dirt it extracts.
I have not had mine that long and have not had that problem but it might be that the water intake tube is stuck in the top of the water tank.If so, push it down so it reaches the bottom of the tank. Another thing it might be is that calcium and mineral deposits could have built up. I know they sell a Shark water filtration bottle to stop that from happening.
Absolutely. That's all I use most of the time and it works great!
Hi, sorry. There is no paper instructions in the package. Because it has more than one hundred pages,we'll directly send PDF. File to our customers' mailbox. All of items is soldered before sending out. You just need assembled them together. Yes, it will come with 350W 12V 29A power supply. If you need, please let me know your mailbox,I can send a package list to you. Any other concerns, just feel free to contact us. Cherish
Hi, It is a full kit for Prusa Mendel I2. Yes, it includes Sanguinololu,A4988 drivers,Hot end,Heatbed,Aluminum plate,Acrylic plate, Threaded Rod,Washer,printed parts ect. You can assembled them after you receive it,then print directly. Don't need to buy other things. It's in stock now. This product is now in great demand and we have on hand many enquiries from other customers. We'll arrange to make the shipment sequentially. Any other concerns, just feel free to contact us. Yours Sincerely,
Hi, here is more information on our website:www.geeetech.com/full-kit-for-prusa-mendel-i2iteration-2-p-717.html If you have any other concerns, you also can send mail to us or contact technical@geeetech.com, we'll reply you ASAP. Have a nice day!
sure does
No, just sample PLA.
The maximum print range is 100mm x 100mm x 100mm or 4" x 4" x 4" anything this large would require several hours to print.
I have great results with the "Repetier" software. The typical problem is "homing" the printer. For this I found useful to get familiar with the basic G-Code homing codes. Note that there are two types: (a) the ones that move the printer to its home position and then (b) the ones that tell the printer that now it is a the "0.0" position. What I found confusing at the beginning is that after you have invoked the (a) commands, the printer does not assume to be at the "0.0" position, and therefore you need to use the (b) commands. For (a) look at the G28 code in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G-code. Make sure that you can use these codes first, from the manual commands window in Repetier. Hope this helps. This is a great printer. I managed to get prints of similar quality to the Makerbot 2X. It requires however, like most 3D printers, a bit of tinkering; which after all is part of the fun of it.
PLA gives very off little non toxic odor. I use it at home in my den and at work. I have not used ABS yet, but I think it has toxic fumes and smells. The heat and speed is dependent on the layer thickness and the speed. It's a little fine tuning with the config settings. I am using mine every day with great results. I did a few mods after using it for a while. Keep in mind PLA is made of corn and is bio-degradable. It's like food. PLA makes nice solid objects that are very usable. The upgrades did not cost much at all , 2 fans, some sandpaper, glue and time. With out upgrades it can work just fine, the reason for this printer is to show you how FFF works, you take it from there. You can get very good results with this printer.
Check the repetier software to mzke sure the nozzle is up to temp and try using the software to manually extrude some pla
Yes, see some examples here http://www.thingiverse.com/search?q=gears&sa= but keep in mind that probably the smallest one would be around 5mm in diameter.
Yes! As soon as you get it built you can start printing. It is not the easiest thing to put together but if you can follow instructions, you can do it. Don't expect a lot of help from the web page or forums other than the building instructions which are pretty clear but not amazingly so. Once it's built you'll have to go through a setup process of 15-30 min and you'll be able to start printing. THIS IS NOT A TOY. IT IS A TOOL WITH A VERY HIGH LEARNING CURVE. But if you like a challenge go for it! I've had tons of fun with it, but then again I really enjoy solving problems. Good Luck!
Seems to be a common theme with these entry level printers... good luck finding one to buy.
I got the one with a fan, which I believe is version 2, the latest version of the printrbot simple
PLA Filament.
The simple can extrude ABS just fine. You will need a heated bed to have any success getting it to stick to the bed though.
I think they made some upgrades and this is the old version. Upgrade has a guide tube for the extruder that this one doesn't have. I've noticed if the filament isn't kept strait on mine it can stop feeding.
I apply this item to some kind of metal and dont work well .looks like glue , let me tell you something more its very toxic ,use a full face mask respirator ,use it all the time and a suit ,I tell u againg its very toxic no body has to be near to the area ,I hope this help u Have a good day
I bought it to put on my offroad motorcycles to keep mud from sticking to them.. For that purpose it did not work.
It will change color I think they make a different coating that is more translucent however this on is not I used on a Brown pair of boots when finished they were Purple as well as the coating did not stay on but maybe 2-3 days.
totally useless crap. don't waste your time or money like I did.
What part of a car what you want to make waterproof? The interior?
Don't believe Hoover is a part of the ATRIX product, but who knows for sure these days? Bags can be bought at Wal Mart, Ace, and online.
The variable speed control is on the body of the vacuum. In the picture it is the round knob above the hose connection.
It's made in China
The cord is right at 11 1/2 ft, and if necessary I use an extension cord.
It is loud do not know db level but it works great for a little vac.
it is not very loud, in fact i haven`t tried it on the highest speed yet.
power cord is retractable & works well
no turbo brush, it doesn't leave vacuum lines - the next size up has a brush and I don't know if you can use the brush with the "lil" one.
10 Amp
The product is designed to be used as a dry powder. Simply wetting your toothbrush and dipping it into the glass jar will adhere enough product to your brush to get the job done. However, you can also use your current toothpaste by applying to your brush and then dipping your brush into the jar. we don't recommend mixing the product with water to form a paste, unless you do this for each use. We do not add any preservatives to our product and therefore it will not have an extended shelf life once water is added. Hope that answers your question and please feel free to reach out to us if there's anything else you need.
It just has a light peppermint flavor, but it looks kinda like brushing your teeth with dirt and feels a little chalky. I take a small spoon and sprinkle it on my brush. Really makes mouth feel fresh and clean. I only use it a few times a week because it can be a bit messy. For preteen or teen good, but my 9 yr old said no way.
Gums were pretty healthy prior to use but they have a more pink look to them. No bleeding when flossing or picking.
Yes. I mix mine with regular toothpaste but the coconut oil sounds even better. I would put the coconut oil in the fridge so it does not get rancid and stays in a non-liquid form. Love this stuff.
No not al all , activativated charcoal is safe for human consummation, it's what they give you when doctors don't know what bad drugs you took,it detoxes safely, and great for everything else. Clay is used to absorbe heavy metals in the body.
Absolutely. There should be a silver safety seal on all jars that leave our facility. If this is not the case with yours, please discard of your current jar and email us with your order number and we will immediately ship you a new jar. Thank you and sorry for the hassle!
I don't see why not. I've thought about doing that myself, just hadn't gotten around to it. You may want to contact the manufacturer just in case to make sure there are no issues with combining the two products Best wishes!
I honestly wouldn't know. Can you use toothpaste on implants? If so, i don't think the tooth powder would hurt. The main ingredient is the activated charcoal along with the betonite clay which will draw toxins and bacteria out of the mouth. And the charcoal is best known as a natural teeth whitener which is why i choose this product. The rest of the ingredients are pretty much for taste still with the benefits of being antibacterial.
I use just a very small amount. Pea sized or even smaller. Use a small spoon to dip it because you don't want a wet toothbrush in it. I like to brush with just this and then add a tiny amount of conventional toothpaste. Works GREAT!
No. I have crowns and amalgam fillings and I did not encounter any issues using this products. I actually started using it because of my fillings.
That's what I'm using it with as well, works great. Keep in mind it's not so much the platform you are using, as it is the video transmitter you use that has to be compatable with the Lilliput. I'm using the ImmersionRC transmitter from Fatshark.
No it won't, the Vision 2 radio transmitter is on 5.8ghz and the video transmits on 2.4, this is opposite of the Phantom 2. Since this monitor has a 2.4 receiver built in, it will not work with the built in transmitter from the Vision2. The monitor does have a video input jack, so I guess you could use it, but you would need a different external receiver that is compatible with the Vision2 video transmitter.
Yes it comes with the receiver. You do need to purchase a battery or batteries
This is a monitor. It will only fly as high and far as you can throw it.
Only fat shark Vtx works with 664/w. Immersion is not even though Lilliput said it does. I tested both Vtx 250 MW fat shark and 600 MW immersion. The 600mw does not sync well... You can try it but during daylight conditions your image will not sync good. The display is however excellent if you use the 250mw made by Fat shark.
It will pair only with fatshark ,and defualt 8 channels
If you meant 600mw Vtx made by immersion the answer is yes and no.... Fat shark does not make a 600mw vtx. Here is the reason why I said yes/no , Today if you purchase the 664/w version for fat shark. Both vtx will work however the immersion 600mw has an issue syncing during daylight... You will not noticed any issues if you plan to use it inside, but then again why would you do that with a quad... The fat shark 250mw work excellent. I have both receivers did extensive testing and came up with the conclusion that at this time immersion is not compatible with 664/w. My understanding is Lilliput is working on a fix. Now, do I recommend this display? Absolutely! At first I did not own a 250mw vtx, but I purchased one to use this display and I love it.
Please buy transmitter match following frequency and also a set of F970 OR LP-E6 battery . Fat Shark 5.8GHz Receiver (BUILT IN) Channel Frequency CH1 5740 --- MHz CH2 5760 --- MHz CH3 5780 --- MHz CH4 5800 --- MHz CH5 5820 --- MHz CH6 5840 --- MHz CH7 5860 --- MHz VIVITEQ INC
the package comes with F970 and LP-E6 battery plate but not include battery and charger . thanks. VIVITEQ INC
this one does ,please buy from seller :VIVITEQ ,thanks.
I am not sure, but it works well for my purpose. I use it for joining 3D printed PLA parts.
We are in the process of doing this now. Need new glass jar as ours broke on hot plate. Initial result was not fantastic. It's smooth but you see lines from build layers. We need to try again.
Nothing on the bottle indicates that it is stabilized. I assume that it is not stabilized.
Lol, no.
I think it holds all three sizes. They are very goo boxes.
I'm sorry for the delay with an answer for this question. The height for this container is Approximately 2". We will shortly be selling the same container with bigger cupcakes and bigger in height. Thank you
I am sorry for the misunderstanding. It is a dozen (12) containers. Each container holds 12 cupcakes.
The maximum transmission distance in open field is 100 meter. If you like it, please order, then we will ship it soon.
This product is OEM in China by Gosear. And it can show the temp, time and rainfall data at the same time. If you like it, please order, then we will ship it soon.Thanks.
Dear alex, Thanks for your contact. Actually, the product includes: 1 x Weather station base unit 1 x Rain Sensor 2 x Mounting Screws 1 x English Instruction manual When you install the rain sensor together with the device, it will measure the rain and outdoor temperature at the same time. Otherwise, it will show the indoor temperature only. Is that ok for you? If you like it, please place the order, we can ship it out ASAP. Any questions, please feel free to contact us. Waiting for your reply. Sincerely, Vivian
It's 8 inches. I'm very happy with this purchase . Better than what I expected.
The box says stainless steel...
It is smaller than a standard window screen.
The outside height is 2 3/8" and the inside height with the screen is 2".
They are multi purpose. So yeah...
Roughly starting with the finest mesh is about 144 squares per inch. The largest screen being approximately 40 squares per inch. It comes with 2 screens in between those 2 estimates I gave you. This is by hand that I came up with the estimates so it could be off 10-20 squares but its close. Hope that helps. I use it for sifting sand up to 1/8 gravel. So it's a total of 4 screens all together
0.02, 0.04, 0.08, 0.12 inches
The product workred very well for me.
I'm not sure if this helps but I use lavender oil and water and it works great.
Not much perfect for spritzing face
Yes, I use these for homemade body spray and use essential oils.
Not that I see. I have been using them consistently for air fresheners and never had any kind of issue (essential oils and water, etc.)
vinegar for sure. oil i am not to sure, i have used brush cleaner in them and they to have a percentage of oil in them tho.
I'm not sure. I have had perfume react with metal sprayers and change the scent. Go over to www.makeupalley.com bath and body or perfume forum (you do have to register for free) and ask the knowledgeable ladies over there.
I don't really know WHY it is different, but I know the problem of which you speak-- and this doesn't seem to have it. At least on the one I am using at present for oils in a base. I have water in another and the mist is appropriate for misting your face-- a fine, gentle MIST, not a spray that douses you, perfect for setting your makeup. It is by far the best sprayer I have found and the canisters are very attractive, seem to be quality, not a chintzy feel. Highly recommend trying these. Worth the money!
I have bought these a number of times all have used 4 screw. God bless
The description is flat out wrong...these are plate casters, not stem casters. The overall height is way off, too. I submitted a correction, but Amazon ignored it. Apparently any such correction must be verifiable from a website, because their people don't have access to the actual products. Obviously the only website with these Asian-made casters is this one...Amazon is their marketing channel...and they got the original description wrong. My information source was measurements of actual casters, but Amazon's system doesn't accept that.
Absolutely! Your own two feet are more likely to scratch up a floor before these casters. Safe for any kind of flooring/surface.
They do have a strong odor when you open the package. I left mine in the garage for a few days and that helped. There is still an odor but you have to be right near to notice it.
1 1/2" from center to center on the long side, 1 1/8" on the short side.
No, they are free rolling.
Depends on your weight load and what you're fastening to. I used four 3/4" #8 wood screws with a #8 washer when going into 3/4" plywood for a lumber cart, pushing about 200 pounds. Wouldn't use anything smaller. Would recommend a #10 3/4" if you have it.
Not sure, but they are made of the cheapest material. The rubber smells horrible.
Yes
"Wheel" is 1.75" Dia. Stand height is 2.5"
The standard brush is for carpet and the gentle brush is for hard floors
I have two cats (one a long hair domestic) and both shed profusely! I had an Oreck that I thought did a good job but was getting old. I bought the Navigator because it was recommended by several friends. I vacuumed with the Oreck and then followed with my new Navigator just to test it. WOW...You would not believe how much hair it pulled for the carpet. I was amazed! I think you will be pleased.
yes
I've had the Shark for a few months and I have not experienced that. On the contrary, it handles hair very well. I have a black lab-shepers mix.
I have used my Shark Navigator at least twice weekly, sometimes more, on my medium pile carpet ever since the Shark came onto the market. The quality of my carpet is a low end of high grade, so not the most expensive but definitely a quality carpet. I moved furniture to check, and in answer to your question, there was no difference in the traffic and non-traffic areas.
I went to measure and 9.25 inches is correct.
We have no issues with clogging of any sort. Our dog has short hair, but there are lots of long haired individuals in our house too. It's not the same as a long haired dog, my aunt had multiple collies and I understand, but I don't see this thing clogging for any normal household use. We've been using it more than usual on account of construction on the house. It's been a trooper with the various kinds of dust and dried chunks of mud and we have no complaints. The beater bar is pretty easy to maintain.
It isn't very long. You can remove it from the base to clean, but not very far. The hose doesn't stretch much. It is good for nearby stuff, like the stairs if you carry the vacuum while using it, or reaching up to clean the exhaust fan in the bathrooms, but you have to hold the rest of the vacuum because the hose isn't too long or stretchy.
yes
Definitely a lift away. I have two large fluffy dogs and am to the moon happy with my choice. It's worth it-completely. We have mostly all hardwood and laminate. A few large area rugs.
This does not come with mounting bolts.
Our products are Always Guaranteed. If you ever have a problem, please email support@tektontools.com or call 888-648-3371 and we would be happy to resolve your issue. You can learn more about our warranty here: http://www.tektontools.com/support.php
I used 2 5/8" grade 8 bolts and 1 lag screw. Bolting though the bench top with construction grade fender washers between the nut and the wood will give out standing strength. Because of the way my bench is built i could not go through the top so I used a heavy lag 5/8" lag screw. Incidently, this is a excellent quality vice and I am very happy with this purchase I use it everyday as a professional gunsmith. www.gunsmith.us.com
I have used it and a dremel tool to shorten /cut small diameter bolts. It closes very precisely. 3/8" rod should be no sweat
4 inches
yes
This is black.
The vise does not open by itself.
No, of course not - made in China. Company is based in Grand Rapids, MI. I doubt any of their products are manufactured here.
This does not support the app directly because this model does not have WiFi. (WiFi is used to wirelessly stream video; They call the feature "MeterLink") The E40 would be the lowest model that has WiFi. (~$4000 on Flir's website). You can take images with this model, transfer them to your phone, and then open them with the app for analysis. I've _heard_ that you can connect the camera to your computer (via USB) and watch the stream connected that way, but I have tried this with mine, and it appears that the camera doesn't support video streaming because the option in the software is disabled for me.
It can identify several temperatures at once however reflectivity verses emissivity plays a role. Any shiny or glossy surface will reflect the heat even a sliding glass door. Hope this helps
The temperature range is -4 to 482 degrees Fahrenheit.
Yes. Standard free report software or downloading to Dropbox has them at 100kb or less. I do not know if purchasing a fuller reporting software from Flir helps picture quality.
I don't know the actual size of the internal memory, perhaps you could do some research on the FLIR website to get that info. The first time we used it we were able to take and store over 500 pictures. I don't have windows 8, I have windows 7 and it works just find with the USB port. The pics are .jpg
Although I have not looked for floor radiant heat lines, I am sure you can. This is very sensitive. I can see the lines that run from my heat pump (not ducts) to the interior furnace/blower unit. It will see warm electrical in wall. This, I am sure, would however depend on how much area between heat line and surface, however, with radiant heat the floor will be warmer where the lines are.
Yes it does.
You don't need it. It has a USB plug on the top. When you connect it to the computer, it charges as well as gives you access to the photos you take and lets you use it as a webcam (yes, this is awesome). You can also plug it into any old USB charger adapter and that'll work. It comes with a power adapter that has the USB plug on the end of the wire, too.
Hi Dumbledore. Sorry the E5 does not do video. You would need one of the more expensive models like the E50 Best regards Paul S. Tequipment
I am 100 percent satisfied with this unit. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
It's possible to connect the imager to a laptop via USB and use it like a webcam, keep in mind the frame rate is just 9FPS, so any motion would be very jerky. You'd need special software to record or stream the video at the Windows PC. The description reads "... a 20 degrees C to 250 degrees C temperature range...", but there is a type, the actual measuring low end is negative twenty degrees C (-20C), the imager can record temperatures from -4 F to +482F.
You can see studs behind plasterboard, but not very well and there has to be some heat difference. IE if the outside wall has been heated by the sun. If you want to locate studs to fix into, a good quality ultrasonic stud detector will be easier to use and more accurate. My E4 does not show wiring or pipes or anything that is not in contact with the plasterboard.
You can see 20-30 ft. with pretty good accuracy. Remember the further you are away from the target the less accurate your readings. If you leave the camera on MSX it will enhance the image. Darryl Mendivil
I've heard that it varies. Mine did not ship with the most up to date version.
yes this camera is quite simply manufacturer for water and or moisture detection
Flir Ex series do not support Bluetooth connectivity. Regards, MegaDepot
The E4 sensor hardware has a native thermal resolution of 320x240, because the E4 uses the same basic hardware as the E8. An *unmodified* E4 will be software limited to 80x60 thermal resolution, which I agree is unusably small. Google is your friend ;)
Hello Andrew, The E4 is 8-14 microns and is a long wave length. Most IR portable cameras are 7-14 microns. The 3-5 micron IR cameras you would have to go to the FLIR R&D cameras which are fixed IR cameras.
1.19.8
FLIR Tools supports Windows 8 (32-bit and 64-bit), does NOT support Windows 8 RT. You'll need the standard FLIR drivers, and also "FLIR IR Camera Player" from http://www.flir.com/thermography/americas/us/view/?id=50428 Keep in mind, all FLIR Ex video output is always 9 frames/second. The driver used needs to handle the FLIR as a USB webcam operating as a UVC device, and the FLIR E4 needs to be in "RNDIS and UVC" mode. (Go to Settings-&gt;Device settings-&gt;Camera Information-&gt;Model and then hold right for 12 seconds to get to the USB mode menu.)
Yes! It's a very fine Velcro fastening system. I've only used it on one job but it stayed in place very well. I hope this helps.
No
If you are talking about the sand paper staying on pad, they do stay on very well. If you are talking about the hook and loop piece that is attached to the sanding pad, it does tend to peel on the edges. I don't have any reference with the Porter Cable one but i suspect they all use an adhesive to attach the hook and loop to the rubber and that will fail on the edges with all the oscillation. Does the Porter Cable come completely unglued or just at the edges?
I Believe if you go to Home Depot. You can fine sandpaper that will fit. Go to the power tool area and look at the Bosch sandpaper.
3 3/4 the sander head measures 3 1/2
This product is primarily used for headphones, but it can be used for other applications. According to a recent review by Audioholics online, they state "While we've focused on the uses with headphones, there is no reason why you couldn't use the Cambridge Audio DacMagic XS with your desktop or home theater system. If you have a 3.5mm input or a 3.5mm to stereo RCA cable, the DacMagic can sit between your computer and your larger system. If you have high sample rate content and a budget receiver, this might be a nice way to upgrade your system without having to spend a lot of money." Hope that helps your decision making process!
Hi absolut_beethoven: The DacMagic XS was created to offer much better sound than the cheap headphone output installed on most laptop and desktop computers. It is designed to be a portable DAC / headphone amplifier, while the DacMagic 100 is designed to be a part of the home audio system and offer better digital audio conversion than the standard DACs built into most CD/DVD/BluRay players and satellite/cable boxes. The DacMagic uses an ESS9023 24-bit DAC chip while the DacMagic 100 uses the higher quality Wolfson WM8742 24-bit DAC chip. I would say that if you're going to use headphones to listen to your PC/Mac, the DACMagic XS is the way to go. If you're looking for a high quality DAC for your AV system, the DACMagic 100 is the better choice. Thanks, Mike Wheeler Operations Manager AVHiFi
I have used other DACs successfully with iPad 2 using the Camera Kit USB adapter. I'm going to try to do same with this DAC (once I buy it)
It works just as well as most. There is a diminishing return in DA processors. Until one gets to very high priced units its difficult to tell any diference.
NOPE.The device connects via USB to a computer.
It did not work in my Chromebook (Pixel 2), which I would take as a bad sign.
Yes they do. Once you setup the DAC to be your output.
Runs mine just fine!
I bought the DacMagic on the strength of a review in Audiophile Magazine which I have read for years and have never had bad advice. As far as I am concerned the DacMagic is the best sounding unit for the price on the market. Absolutely terrific sound! ESJ
If I had to make a guess, I'd say no, but I have never tried. There are some required drivers that are installed upon installation that might not be compatible with Playstation hardware.
No. It doesn't work with Mac. It could work with Windows XP, Windows 7 and 8 and other Windows OS.
The DDS120 has the function of stored record. But for the voltage you want to record, you have to use the probe of 100&#65306;1 (this probe is not included in the package).
Yes, brings the two probes, same as the photo
The unit feeds the capture information from the probes to the computer (through the USB connection) and it is displayed there on the included software. So it must always be used with a computer with the SainSmart software installed.
Yes it is included. A bit short for my taste as I like to tuck everything away under my desk but it works
It can save as Excel.
I asked a similar question and the answer was that it can save data to an excel file
No problem. You could turn to x10 for measuring if you want to get 12 vdc square waves because the range of x10 is +-50V
It should work fine for that. Operating instructions were not real good, but it's pretty easy to figure out.
It relies on the PC, it has no internal storage.
I haven't tried adding a cleaner to the water. I think it would tend to plug the unit up as the water evaporated and left a residue.
No it will damage it.
I think it would be awkward and cumbersome to use it on walls.
Don't buy this Reliable Steamboy, piece of crap. Steam mops all have triggers.
Yes it can be used on Pergo and any sealed floors. I would recommend to only use the T3 with the microfiber pad on Pergo never just the brush and steam.
It comes with everything you need: two steam pads, the filter, and a slider for carpets. You can order additional pads from Amazon. When you are cleaning you should remove the pad and put on a new one after about 200 sq ft depending on the floor condition, so I bought two additional pads to clean approximately 1200 sq ft. There are terrycloth pads that attach by pulling a cord around the base. I find these pretty good too, though the steam boy pads hold up better. Do not buy the thick pads - the steam will have a hard time penetrating the pad.
Sorry ,no. Mine stopped working after less than 4months of light use. I sent it back for repair(paying 28 dollars for shipping and it was returned supposedly fixed. It was no different than the day I shipped it.
I would not use it on wood. -Note: my Pro T3 Steamboy stopped putting out forceful steam 6 months after I bought it. The company is making me pay shipping one way ($30) to send it back to be fixed. It did not get a lot of use in 6 months... I am not happy about it
You have to hold the trigger.
As a matter of fact, it does work on slate floors. I am assuming that when you say "slate floors" you mean flagstone from the sixties. They used it in breezeways or foyers. I have this kind of floor in a small section of my home and I have used the Steamboy on it. It works great! Hope this is helpful!
Yes they do, I happened to have one.
Hundreds of bristles. They're just sectioned into those 18 parts because they sweep up and down.
Don't know about your model. It says on the package that it does NOT FIT Vitality Sonic, Sonic Complete, Pulsonic and CrossAction Power.
It works fine on my Deep Sweep model 400.
The Oral-B Deep Sweep Brush Head fits many Oral-B electric rechargeable brushes, including: Oral-B Deep Sweep 5000 Electric Toothbrush with Wireless SmartGuide Technology Oral-B Deep Sweep 3000 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Deep Sweep 1000 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Deep Sweep 500 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Vitality Deep Sweep Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Triumph 5000 with SmartGuide Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Triumph 4000 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B ProfessionalCare 3000 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B ProfessionalCare 1000 Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Vitality Floss Action Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Vitality Dual Clean Electric Toothbrush Oral-B Vitality Precision Clean Electric Toothbrush
the entire head sweeps back and forth
Im not sure if it does.....Ive never owned a Vitality Sonic so can't say for sure. Sorry
Yes I think so
It is a three count.
I look your model up on the net. I don't know if it fits model. If you have your manual that came with the tooth brush, it would tell you every brush head that can be used on that model. Sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
We bought the QUEEN sized FLAT sheet. It measures 84" wide by 96" long , or 7' by 8'.
They are made in India. Nice sheets for the price. Recommend.
They are a normal depth not deep pocket
I don't exactly know. I actually got them for my Queen bed. I like to have the bigger sized FLAT sheet so we Both have "enough sheet". And everything you see in the stores seems to only come in Sets. : / But what I can tell you that might help, is . . . These have "tons" of "extra" on both sides when compared to other King Flat sheets I have purchased in the past. Hope this helps a little?!
I have not tried too but I put hot water bleach and tide in bucket spun it and soaked it and spun it out it cleaned it
The hinge has lock release on the side so the unit won't fold un-expectantly. Pouring out the unit is not hard because the mop system uses so little water/cleaning solution. If you had to carry unit upstairs you could put the fluids in the unit fold it back up and transfer to location. Same is true if cleaning location has no drain. After spinning mop dry, you could close unit and carry to drain.
The bucket where the water goes, is approx. 12 x 12 x 12, and it holds approx. 1 gallon of water. We have found this to be a great mop, and my husband is pretty picky. We have not been disappointed at all.
Absolutely you can replace your Mopnado handle. Just contact Marlow's Mercantile through Amazon and they'll help you with the purchase process. It's simple and painless.
My house is about 2000 sq ft and all tile and hard wood and I think it's perfect. It's even better since I found out you can dust your fan blades and easily clean baseboards with this mop.
Unfortunately, China.
Yes, that's true. I love this product.
My mop works fine. The locking mechanism when you push it upward towards the handle prevents the mop from spinning when mopping. Push downward and the mop will spin when you push down on handle. Mine works well.
There is only one bucket; the other side is the spinner to ring out the mop.
I have not tried too but I put hot water bleach and tide in bucket spun it and soaked it and spun it out it cleaned it
The hinge has lock release on the side so the unit won't fold un-expectantly. Pouring out the unit is not hard because the mop system uses so little water/cleaning solution. If you had to carry unit upstairs you could put the fluids in the unit fold it back up and transfer to location. Same is true if cleaning location has no drain. After spinning mop dry, you could close unit and carry to drain.
The bucket where the water goes, is approx. 12 x 12 x 12, and it holds approx. 1 gallon of water. We have found this to be a great mop, and my husband is pretty picky. We have not been disappointed at all.
Absolutely you can replace your Mopnado handle. Just contact Marlow's Mercantile through Amazon and they'll help you with the purchase process. It's simple and painless.
My house is about 2000 sq ft and all tile and hard wood and I think it's perfect. It's even better since I found out you can dust your fan blades and easily clean baseboards with this mop.
Unfortunately, China.
Yes, that's true. I love this product.
My mop works fine. The locking mechanism when you push it upward towards the handle prevents the mop from spinning when mopping. Push downward and the mop will spin when you push down on handle. Mine works well.
There is only one bucket; the other side is the spinner to ring out the mop.
I am not sure what you are asking, I have no problem, but it sounds like maybe you do not have the mop head on securely so that is why it is flopping. Try re attaching the mop head and make sure it is clicked on securely.
None that I know of
The empty bucket is only 5.8 lbs You can easily hose it out and let it air dry upside down so the water can drain.
I am sooo glad I ordered the extension. I am 5'6" and need it. The original handle is just not comfortable to use because it's too short.
To be honest I barely even use the spin lock. If you extend it at far as it will go and then tilt the mop head, it loses its ability to retract anyway. But No, I dont believe it loosens
No
It has a spinner on top. It's pretty cool, works real good so far!!
The mop handle is long enough for my 6'3" husband, he does not have to hunch over. The mop head has a extra row of microfiber loops on the head piece so the plastic ring does not touch the floor.
2014 ?
From my experience with tile floors, no fuzzier were left behind
The instructions included with mine says " -1800 to 1800mV"
It comes with a bottle with solution that fits over the tip. There is no separate bottle of storage or cleaning solution. As a tip for our more expensive Orion Meter we have used standard pH 7.0 buffer solution for years as a storage solution without any problems.
Starting from 7.0 (neutral) to around 10.0 takes about 15 seconds to respond and settle on a reading!
Dear Residual, Thanks for your inquiry. Checked with Audioengine, and the D3 will most definitely work with Linux! Please let me know if I can help with any other questions. Regards, Eric Cohen World Wide Stereo
I don't own the D1 nor have I heard it, but looking carefully at the units, the D1 differs in several respects - on-board volume control and choice of inputs. The actual DAC is identical. I would be shocked were there any difference sound quality-wise.
I bought both of these around the same time to compared them. In my opinion the dragonfly blows away the D3. The D3 had more piercing and fuzzy high end and the low end was not as defined and rich. I went back and forth during the same song on my laptop through 3 different pairs of headphones. The dragonfly sounded better on all of them.
Hello Clinton Blount and thank you for your inquiry.. The Audioengine D3 will work perfectly with your Apple Lossless files. We're here to help so please let us know if you have any additional questions. Thanks again, Scott G and the rest of the ListenUp sales team 1.877.744.1179
The output is a 3.5mm (1/8") jack... It also comes with an 1/8" - 1/4" adapter.
Duh.....
It happens to me also. So it may be normal.
Slightly different sound based on preference. But D1 drives 300 ohm phones better than dragonfly's do to more powerfun internal amp.
No, no updates are required. It works perfectly fine on my MacBook Pro
Hello, thank you for your interest in our water meters. No I would not say it is certified to be lead free. But the reason switched from brass to stainless steel was because California mandates the use of Low Lead Brass and stainless steel is inherently lead free (thus avoiding the entire issue). We use 304 grade stainless steel in these water meters. The elements used in 304 stainless steel are easy to find on the web, here is one example: http://asm.matweb.com/search/SpecificMaterial.asp?bassnum=MQ304A
Santa Cruz, Ca USA
Thanks for the inquiry! Yes, this meter is designed specifically for drinking water, even meeting the strict California requirements for lead content, etc. Pressure drop at 5 GPM: approx. 0.5 PSI Pressure drop at 15 GPM: approx. 3.5 PSI Pressure drop at 20 GPM: approx. 6.5 PSI Thanks, Seth EKM Metering
A remote reading unit is not included. Two wires provide the potential to connect the meter to a remote unit. Readings are either every .75 or .375 gallons depending on how you process signal outputs.
It reads in cubic feet, which can be converted into gallons. No reset feature afaik.
I'm not sure- however if you use the the remote display you could mount it as the manufacturer recommends? Just a thought
Thanks for the inquiry. These water meters are not Displacement type, but rather they are Velocity type. The water flows through and spins an impeller. Thanks!
Thanks for the inquiry. The wire that is attached to this meter is only maybe a couple feet long. You can add your own wire and extend it up to 200 feet or more. If you order multiple units and there is less shipping we may be able to refund you some of your shipping costs. These meters are heavy, though and so the total shipping cost will go up the more you get. We usually use USPS Priority Flat Rate boxes to ship these throughout the USA so the cost should generally not change. Let us know if you have any further questions. -- Seth, EKM Metering
Sorry, don't know I just installed it for a landlord that had 2 rentals on same meter.
Thanks for the question. These meters have an official minimum flow of a little under 14 gallons per hour, so a flow as slow as 1 gallon per week might not register properly. Thanks, Seth EKM Metering
There was no flat sheet with this. If is soft and not silky, but not super fine. Not scratchy. I bought it because it was a deep fit and it's almost deep enough. I didn't notice any shrinkage.
Very deep. Will fit the new deep mattresses.
I'm not sure why there's such a big price difference but I can tell you the queen is super soft and stretchy so it fits the mattress great. Even after several washes it's still like new. Hope this helped.
Sheet were just fine. Good quality, soft and thick right for my likens
Deeper than any I have used.
YES. But, you have to use the cartridge as the RAM on it must read that there is material left for the printer to print. However, you can bypass the material in the cartridge and use your own material by resetting the counter recorded on the RAM. Essentially, you'll have an empty cartridge installed in the machine and feed filament from any spool that you buy. Resetting the counter can be done with one of these... http://wctek.com/xyz/
http://voltivo.com/forum This company used an open source controller and created their own firmware and horrible software, the mechanics are above average. Go to the above link and read for 6-8 hours then download all the free software and drivers, flash firmware and use repetier -host software. I tried the xyz software, this is my 3rd printer (reprap prusa i3, Rostock max 2), the software makes low quality prints, it is worth the time to upgrade to custom firmware because the printer is so affordable.
Short answer is no. The explanation is that the printer requires specific proprietary drivers that I have been unable to run under Debian, Ubuntu or BSD. However, I have been successful with running windows with virtualbox and then running the xyz software under windows. With all the said. If you have already purchased the Da Vinci, I recommend that you either run the backdoor hack or, flash the board using open sourceware and run third party (Linux Friendly) software. Hope this helps.
I just took an STL file that didn't import into the XYZ software without erroring out, and used Slic3r to convert it to a gcode file. After that I took the file, copied it to the SD card in the back of the printer, and renamed it to match the sample1 file. After that I used the printer's print demo function to reprint the demo file. It's now printing the object I downloaded form thingiverse, thinking it's reprinting the first demo object. So I would say you can use whatever app you want to get a design into gcode format with this method.
hardware requirements (for pc/mac) pc x86 32/64-bit compatible pcs with 2gb+ dram apple mac x86 64-bit compatible macs with 2gb+ dram
It's pretty warm and will heat up a small space somewhat. I do not notice a smell in our home. The noise level is tolerable, but in a small space it may seem worse. I would compare it to a regular printer.
If you read a little more carefully, you'll see PLA is coming at the end of 2014. After looking at the eeprom in the cartridge to refill and reset the counter (yes, it's more than doable...you can even tell it how much filament you are putting in) I found a multitude of settings, including temps for extruders and hot beds. I am assuming they are getting the bugs out before releasing, but it looks like it'll just be a new cartridge with a different eeprom setting. I haven't experimented with running PLA yet and I haven't heard of anyone else doing so, but then again, I haven't seen the eeprom fully decoded, yet, either. I'm working on it. You'd think XYZ are makers and they know anyone buying this is going to hack it...why not just accept it and help? Maybe they'd get some good bug fixes without having to pay for them...
After looking a my printer it looks like the printers share the same chassis. There is space for a second cartridge and holes to feed a second filament but would need a different head assembly or an additional one. Not sure about the electronics, I don't see any extra wires or connectors.
The one I received on Dec. 19 was a 1.0A. I also have a 1.0 that I received in October _the only major differences I could find are the words '3D Printer' printed on the front door and a slot for a second filament cartridge on the 1.0A. I assume this is because ZYX uses the same basic box for both the single extruder 1.0 and the dual-extruder 2.0. The 1.0A is also packaged much better, which is great since UPS can't seem to deliver one of these without turning them upside down despite both 'THIS END UP' warnings AND a tip-indicator on the box.
yes you will just have to re set the chip heres the info http://voltivo.com/blog/da-vinci-reset-eeprom
600g = 240 meters
It's possible, flashforge filament comes on an open spool but XYZ filament comes inside a closed plastic cartridge and is fed through a small hole. As long as the filament you need for the flash forge is ABS 1.75mm it will work. You'll just have to decide if you want to tear the spool of filament out of the cartridge or let the printer pull it out of the cartridge as needed. You're have to experiment.
Most small things I have printed use on average around 8 or 10 meters of filament. 600g=240 meters for filament.
No
ABS has density of 1.04 g/cc. Therefore, 600g is approximately equivalent to 600cc.
Yes
No. The xyz printers do not support transparent filament.
As far as I know they are not offering a refillable cartridge. Their are products out their to hack the cartridge software but the company has responded with a dirty little trick on their latest firmware 1.2.3. What it dose is checks the serial number on the cartridge and how much filiment that should be in their , if the numbers don't coraspond they disable your printer so you are screwed. What most of us are doing is downgrading the firmware so we can use any filiment we like . If you would like the web adress to the da Vinci club get a hold of me at dottbryan@gmail.com. The printer is a good unit. And we need to fight this BS of shutting down a product that we buy and own. It's against the laws of ownership I hope this has helpt you out v
Yes, ecept it does not come in a roll as shown. It is in a large cartridge with a chip that makes it only compatible with the Da Vinci.
FYI... the product showing is black ABS. I know the question isn't directed at the shown product, so... Natural is not technically "transparent", but close. It is translucent. That means some light passes through the filament, but you cannot see clear images through it... ie; don't expect to print out a toy car windshield and be able to see clearly through it. I believe, (but don't hold me to this), it is called "natural" because that is the natural color of the PLA filament with no dyes. Also be aware that they don't (at least I have yet to see this) make ABS in translucent or transparent. In addition, although Davinci claims to be able to print in ABS and PLA, they have yet to release any PLA cartridges (I've heard rumor they will later this year though).
600g = 240 meters
It's possible, flashforge filament comes on an open spool but XYZ filament comes inside a closed plastic cartridge and is fed through a small hole. As long as the filament you need for the flash forge is ABS 1.75mm it will work. You'll just have to decide if you want to tear the spool of filament out of the cartridge or let the printer pull it out of the cartridge as needed. You're have to experiment.
Most small things I have printed use on average around 8 or 10 meters of filament. 600g=240 meters for filament.
No
ABS has density of 1.04 g/cc. Therefore, 600g is approximately equivalent to 600cc.
Yes
No. The xyz printers do not support transparent filament.
As far as I know they are not offering a refillable cartridge. Their are products out their to hack the cartridge software but the company has responded with a dirty little trick on their latest firmware 1.2.3. What it dose is checks the serial number on the cartridge and how much filiment that should be in their , if the numbers don't coraspond they disable your printer so you are screwed. What most of us are doing is downgrading the firmware so we can use any filiment we like . If you would like the web adress to the da Vinci club get a hold of me at dottbryan@gmail.com. The printer is a good unit. And we need to fight this BS of shutting down a product that we buy and own. It's against the laws of ownership I hope this has helpt you out v
Yes, ecept it does not come in a roll as shown. It is in a large cartridge with a chip that makes it only compatible with the Da Vinci.
FYI... the product showing is black ABS. I know the question isn't directed at the shown product, so... Natural is not technically "transparent", but close. It is translucent. That means some light passes through the filament, but you cannot see clear images through it... ie; don't expect to print out a toy car windshield and be able to see clearly through it. I believe, (but don't hold me to this), it is called "natural" because that is the natural color of the PLA filament with no dyes. Also be aware that they don't (at least I have yet to see this) make ABS in translucent or transparent. In addition, although Davinci claims to be able to print in ABS and PLA, they have yet to release any PLA cartridges (I've heard rumor they will later this year though).
Call our technician 800-790-9941 with details regarding your application. Battery Buys
This charger is for a 24volt OFF-BOARD charging system with standard 3-prong XLR OFF-BOARD connection that charges two AGM batteries. 55ah would be ok. Battery Buys 800-790-9941
This 24volt 5amp charger is appropriate for Hoveround power wheelchairs that require a 4amp or 5amp OFF-BOARD charger with 3-prong male XLR connector.
Mary...your instruction book will tell you what kind of charger you need for your scooter. If you don't have the book, search online for the company and contact them to get the correct answer. Hope this helps.
This 24v 5amp charger is the correct charger to replace UPG 71704 24BC5000TF-1 Battery Buys 800-790-9941
This 24volt 5amp charger is for wheelchairs that require an off-board charger with XLR connector and yes, it charges two 12v 55ah wheelchair batteries at the same time, since the wheelchair contains two 12volt batteries connected together for a 24volt system.
yes it is.
This is not and will not work with Chamberlain. What model is your Chamberlain? The model is under the light lens.
Yes
Directions came with mine and were simple to follow. But this remote has numbered switches as does the motor in the garage just make sure the switches are set the same on the remote and the motor.
we have to sell with a per shipping fee because we sell below cost and the only money we make is in the shipping after we pay amazon 12% and then package and ship it. sorry
I think they will combine items so you don't have to pay $15.00
Impossible for me to say since I do not have that unit, but I can say that it links to most commercially available openers through the dip-switch row inside. I like this little remote and am buying two additional ones right now.
8 pins
A23S which replaces 23A, V23GA,MS21,MN21
There is only one way the camera will plug in to the camera slot on the mother board. See the instructions that came with your V262 for instructions on function controls. No Drivers are needed, as it just records imagery to the MicroSD Card.
We up graded from a four to a eight an the eight did not work
you can take video and pictures from the remote but you cannot see the video until you put the video card in your computer
The buttom on the top on the controller the left side just click to start the camera
Do you see the small S.D. card? That card goes in the back of the camera, then you take the card out of the camera and put it in the USB stick, that plugs into your computer, you can see your pictures or videos you just took with your camera!
Press the bottom right button on the remote, underneath the led light on/off button
Sorry Mark, I can't explain the plug any better than the picture. I've looked at several different cameras, but haven't seen any others that run off of the quads power source. That plug is a WL toys thing I believe,as is the camera. They have their own, such as the one for the Blade 180. I just ordered it so I'll have two different ones. Hope this helps!
Not sure I understand the question. I have no issues with the video it records. The files are AVI type files and all I do is copy them from the SD card to the computer, and play them using Windows Media Player. Have not had to convert the files to any other type of video file type.
Look closely at the control board there are extra white plugs and one is for video. I do think they all have this. The top left button on the controller starts and stops recording. Good luck
Yes, It is
Everything but the software. However the on line instructions provide links to all the needed software. And its all freeware.
If you're referring to the higher price of the 2014 edition vs the 2013 edition, the difference lies in the cost of the new components. The Extruder and Bed are made of aluminum now, instead of Plywood. The material is more expensive, but better quality, thus the price increase.
Yes, the parts that the XL kit includes will still work with the 2014 model. You'll probably want to put down for the XL aluminum bed, as well, since this guy comes with a metal bed (nicer) and you'll be downgrading to the wood bed in the base XL kit.
Yes, sure. Using slice programs like Slic3r.
I'm not sure about weight. But the box itself was 12x12x4
It's prewired. You just have to plug the connectors into the appropriate pins.
PLA has a density of about 1.25g/cm^3. That means that a 1 kg spool is 800cm^3 of material or a 10cm x 10cm x 8cm box (roughly 4" x 4" x 3 1/8" ). most prints are not solid though so there are a lot of variables that can influence how far filament can go.
Simple answer is yes but with qualifications. Are you already operating with PLA and looking to upgrade? Or are you buying from scratch? If the latter, I would suggest going with PLA first and getting all the variables sorted out then upgrade.
Yes, the computer directly controls the motion of the printer. If the computer is turned off or goes to sleep, the print will stop immediately.
It is the latest wooden model. There is a new metal printer that (I believe) comes assembled, prints in a larger footprint and costs a bit more: http://www.amazon.com/Printrbot-Assembled-Metal-Simple-Filament/dp/B00IYC60IM/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1401213127&sr=8-5&keywords=printrbot
Yes. This unit is installed Geiger Tube. It is a ready to use unit.
The installed Tube is M4011 from China. However, you can install any compatible tube you want. See GQElectronics forum for the tube examples.
As far as I have been able to find out, no. I have a Mac, but downloaded the software for Windows for our other computer. However, this little unit is very nice and works very well and a pretty good bargain. You can go to their website for technical questions and support. http://www.GQElectronicsLLC.com/forum For the latest software, please visit our software download page: http://www.gqelectronicsllc.com/comersus/store/download.asp
Alpha Radiation Alpha radiation is a heavy, very short-range particle and is actually an ejected helium nucleus. Some characteristics of alpha radiation are: Most alpha radiation is not able to penetrate human skin. But take note! Alpha-emitting materials can be harmful to humans if the materials are inhaled, swallowed, or absorbed through open wounds. A variety of instruments has been designed to measure alpha radiation. Special training in the use of these instruments is essential for making accurate measurements.
Yes. The unit installed a Lithium-Iron rechargeable battery. But it accepts any 3.6-4.0VDC source if you connect it to the battery input. OR you can connect a 5VDC to USB port as external power.
The GMC-320 has longer working time after charged battery. It is about three times longer than GMC-300.
With installed 800mA battery, after 100% charged, it last about 3 days. We had a test on a 2400mA battery, it last about 7 days.
Yes
You can either use a AA alkaline or a very standard lithium-ion 14500 battery and be able to recharge it without removal. It comes with a rechargeable lithium pre-installed. Great product.
No
Instead of spending $800+ on a 3d scanner/ imager you can use a Kinect camera from a xbox one or 360. The camera is like $80, all you might also need to buy a kinetic power supply so you can hook it up to a USB 2.0 ($10). Then get skanect, the program needed, it's simple, high quality and best of all free! Combined with the kinect you will be able to scan almost anything (even objects 6"+). The only down side is the program isn't perfect, if you are imaging something really detailed, such as a human face, the scan will have holes in it. But this is a easy task to fix, just get Meshlab, it will help correct any errors in the scan. I included the links to the the two programs, they also offer more info on how this process works. Hope this helps and saves you som cash! http://skanect.occipital.com http://meshlab.sourceforge.net
When I need to make food-safe molds (for chocolate and ice), I usually 3D print in plastic a "negative negative" mold (Search Thingiverse - there should be some mold examples using OpenSCAD). I make rubber molds of the 3D printed negative mold using a mixture of cornstarch and 100% aquarium grade silicon - after cured the silicon is non-toxic and food safe. I use this method to create molds to make custom ice-cubes for drinks
Tang, of FlashForge Amazon was handpicked by FlashForge Technology Co. LTD to manage the sale of FlashForge products on Amazon.com. Their endorsement of Tang and FlashForge Amazon can be found on the manufacturer's official website: http://www.ff3dp.com/#!distributor/cl39 Tang and his team are responsible for fulfilling warranty claims for FlashForge printers purchased on Amazon.com (the FlashForge Amazon warranty is the same as the warranty offered by the manufacturer), and for providing after-sale support for FlashForge printers purchased on Amazon.com. Tang's extensive experience with FlashForge products and his dedication to his customers allows him to offer a level of support that is hard to beat, and that has been recognized over and over again in the growing list of positive reviews.
Just print the correct offset based on the thickness of your glass: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:263804
I'm pretty sure that support is provided by individual resellers, and the level of support varies greatly among the resellers. Mr. Tang, the Amazon seller, is highly rated because of the impeccable service he provides to his buyers.
This is the upgraded model, Not sure if it was "legal" to switch out a model like this and keep all the reviews for the older model... But this is really just an evolution of the previous model. They beefed up the platform that holds the build plate, added a cover for the top and front, and larger guides are being used for the Z axis. All of this is good stuff since the previous model was a little weak in these areas. The controller software has been changed to the Sailfish version which is much more user friendly since it is built from the ground up instead of a rehashed Makerbot Firmware.
I calculate about 100 (+/-). With 3D printing it's all about the weight. You can get a better estimate if you have the type of cookie cutter you are thinking about making and weigh it on a scale. I dug up some old cookie cutters that have full (design?) back (not just an outline). 5 of them weighed 44grams so just under 9 grams each. I rounded it up to 10 to make the math a bit easier and allow for a bit of waste. A standard spool of PLA is 1Kg (1000 grams). 1000 / 10 = 100. Viola!
Andrew, few of us spend time on ice blocks, horseshoes or ditto machines any more, and that didn't wreck the economy. On the plus side, think of all the oil that'll be saved from not shipping little plastic things from the other side of the planet. There is one being developed, in Massachusetts, that'll make electronics (circuitry). China's 3D printing housing and one's being printed in Amsterdam. Whoosh! Time flies!
The print bed is aluminum and comes with an initial cover of Kapton tape. I have been using Kapton tape (6"wide covers in one shot) for ABS and then applying blue (painters) tape for PLA.
I received mine with a broken endstop, but it the printer came with a spare but still you might need to have a few on hand. If you really dont want to lose a minute of printing ill get a spare extruder, just incase it jams gets damaged. Hadnt have anything go wrong with mine yet.
You can print a flag type label for any diameter cable. You specify the cable diameter and flag size and the printer works out the total length of the label. You can use the vinyl or nylon cloth material.
3/4 inch
It has one but does not come with it. You will need to purchase it separately including the rechargeable batteries, and any other accessories you may want to add onto it.
Yes. Can't remember what size but yes. If you register the product you also get another free one.
yes, the labels are adhesive backed
AA batteries. There is a power supply availiable. 120 volt. I use the AA batteries. They last quite a while though. I try to keep my bag light so I don't have the kit just the labeler. It is the second one I have bought. I dropped the older one it only had edge guards and the cartridge holder broke off. I chose the plus with the complete guard it is slightly wider but the same quality.
I have used the bp21 plus daily for about a month and it is much more rugged and just as user friendly as the bp21
Come on...... How hard is it to look up Brady BMP21-PLUS-BATT on Amazon or anywhere else online? Please put in at least a little effort to figure things out before bothering the reviewers!
there is a CAL model that is a little more expensive, so, according to model numbers, this is NOT the calibrated model. update: I just checked the manuf website and this model does NOT come with a CALIBRATION cert. some users are confused and think the factory INSPECTION paper is a calibration form but its not. you have to pay extra for a NIST calibration and this model does not come with it. UPDATE: I got mine (love it, btw) but it does NOT come with a true calibration cert. it comes with a factory spot-check QA cert (which is nice) but its not at all the same as traceable NIST calibration. and for this price, you would not expect to get a cal cert.
It is made in Japan and has been for many years. It is a Fine instrument accepted as one of the best worldwide.
It's fully stainless.
This is a genuine Mitutoyo product that was made in Japan. We are an authorized distributor for Mitutoyo on all products
Yes it is an original as far as I know. it looks and feels like the one I had over 15 years ago
Yes...plastic
well item weight is less than 2 pounds but I think will not make much difference in shipping cost, and with protective material it gets a little bulky package.
No
No, this model does not, you can get a version with the SPC output but it's much more expensive.
From what I have found on the mitytoyo website, the -171 has an SPC output while the -196 does not. Other than that they are identical.
I used the clear one for the sink and the white one for the backsplash (because of the color).
My husband says it is the best product he has found! Of course, the tiles need to be dry, and like anything else, a good day of drying is always best.
yes, I have painted and spray painted over flex shot. I have discovered I haven't been using a thick enough spray of flex shot to solve my leak problems. Hope this helps.
Can't tell you for sure, but I do think it's worth a try. I can tell you that it's an amazing product, with a strong, yet elastic adhesion, that definitely puts it above the conventional caulking.
Pretty thick, more so than conventional caulking.
I dont see why not. color doesnt really matter just ur prefrence
If applied properly, the area where it is being applied is dry and has been cleaned, it should. I recommend one light first coat and then fifteen minutes later another coat. Allow to dry and it should work well.
There are other products that are designed for that purpose. One is like a rope. Is Flex Shot a good product? It depends on the application. It is easy to work with the job looks nice when you are finished.
All I know. Is that every place my husband. Used it, it worked great. I would think it would work great on skimmer
Flex Shot is the consistency of a calk. . . kind of like a gel. Flex seal is a spray. I used Flex Shot to fill in a big crack in my walkway and it worked great. I used Flex Seal to fix a crack in my plastic gutter. The Flex Seal wouldn't have worked to fill in the crack. I don't think there is extenders for Flex Seal. At least I didn't get any. I don't think you would need them since it's a spray. The Flex Shot you do need an extender because it is like a calk!
holonalu fixed the problem by replacing the battery. The iGaging Absolute should have a low battery symbol in the display or no display at all if the battery is going dead. Good to know that low battery can cause other problems will have to watch for that.
The SPC cable for this caliper is here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00INL0BA2
No, it does not.
yes, it comes with a nice hard plastic case.
I'm pretty sure it's made in China, but the quality is actually very good. I was surprised by the craftsmanship actually. It has been working well for me I use it a couple times a week at work and haven't had any problems.
I never had that problem with it
Yes, there is a set screw to lock the jaws of you wish. Mesurements are in inches or millimeters, which ever you select! This calipet is just like your high dollar calipers, but at a fraction of the cost! I really like my calipet, and would buy again!
Yes and with a date 6-16-2014
The unit doesn't hit a high enough temperature to print with nylon, but it can print with Ninja Flex and the new carbon fiber filaments.
While this printer works with PLA and ABS, Solidoodle only recommends using ABS. This is because they tested the machine with ABS and not much with PLA. You can buy filament from Solidoodle at a slightly marked up price plus shipping. They explain the reason to be the quality. Basically they believe their filament has a uniform radius though out the spool with no tangles. However I should mention that I have had problems with their Black filament, only and once, being a few millimeter thicker and causing clogs. There are other manufacturers to consider for filament, specially the ones you can order here on Amazon and take advantage of Prime shipping. I prefer Octave filaments that are basically the same quality but cheaper, based on my two years of purchasing filaments from different sources. It's a hit and miss almost with everyone. Also to consider is a spooler such as FilaMaker, of some sort, where you can spool your own filament at your required thickness.
No.
No
No, There is only one extruder.
YES I HAVE DONE IT. CONTACT THEIR TECH DEPT.
It is possible for it to print at high or even medium speeds, but it will do so very poorly.
I'm not sure exactly what you mean by free volt. The power supply that comes with it is listed as 100 V to 240 V 50/60 cycle. You would need a cord for the power supply for the proper electrical connection wherever you're located.
from what I have read yes you can use non proprietary spools. which means any brand as long as it is the 1.75mm
Thanks for update.They lowered price before they notified their dealers.Gary 3473426449
Yes, it's included.
The hot end included with this printer is a 1.75MM hot end. You can print with 1.75 PLA or 1.75 ABS (though with ABS you would likely want to use a heated bed as well). To print with 3.0MM filament (PLA or ABS or whatever) you will need to buy a 3.0 hot end.
natural is what i got with mine..but ya may have received different filament...the natural looks see through the buttercream would be opaque hope that helps
yes; indirectly. You import .obj files into software such a as slic3r which converts the 3d file into gcode. You then use a utility like repetier host to send the gcode to the printrbot. Sounds like a lot of steps but you'll get used to the flow quickly.
Build size is 6"x6"x6" See http://printrbot.com/shop/simple-black-assembled/
The printer is great for starters of all ages. Just make sure you use a slicer such as Cura as it will be simple enough for starters but can be good for advanced users as well. Just make sure to use only PLA from good companies such as Printrbot or hatch box.
You can make plastic jewelry, or, using specialized filament you can make blanks from which you can make molds which you can than use to make jewelry. I would google 'making jewelry on 3d printers'.
yes, it has the latest firmware.
I chose to purchase through Amazon because the shipping was quicker, and more cost effective. As someone who lives outside the US, this was a huge bonus for me. I wanted it as quickly as possible.
Heated bed probably isn't as good of a value if that is what you are doing, but that depends upon how you plan on prepping the bed when you print. If you do the rather popular painters tape treatment a heated bed would cause adhesion issues with that tape sticking to the bed.
Blue thread locker, metric allen wrenches (1.5mm - 2.5mm), and a #2 Philips. It's a pretty easy build if you're experienced with building things like RC car kits. Instructions could be better (explaining which way to install the Z axis delrin block, which rods go on the X axis vs the Y axis, and exactly how to plug in the motors). Other than that, the build went smoothly. I built mine in a few hours.
I have tried both ABS and Ninjaflex, and found that those did not work with the stock bed. A heated bed solved the ABS issue, but for Ninjaflex, I will have to put a new feed guide on since the filament is too soft and wraps around the wheel. There is a new hot end available as an upgrade which is supposed to work with nylon filament. Also if you go to the PB site's store, they list a number of 'exotic' filaments like food safe, glow in the dark, metallic, and carbon fiber.
I'm controlling the printer with a Mac and all the software I've used is free. I'm using Cura to control the printer, and Tinkercad to design items. For me, they're adequate for my skill level. I'd consider myself an advanced beginner.
Any 1.75 mm filament can be used, however, read the reviews for whatever you buy.
No this kit does not include the handle or the spool holder. There are a number of options of printable handles and spool holders available for free from thingiverse.
I did exactly that. The process was simple. However, the heated bed will require a larger power supply and heat output will be insufficient at 12 volts. I also felt uncomfortable drawing the higher currents required through the PC board electronics. What I did was attach a separate 12 volt mechanical relay to the heat bed output and ran 24 volts from a separate 8 amp power supply to the heated bed. Heat control and heat output are excellent, gets to over 100c quickly. Control has been excellant.
It's sold/shipped from printrbot, mine shipped with the revision F board (F4 to be exact) which i take to be the latest model. Not sure if this answers your question or not.
Yes
Yes
It comes with a Printrboard (Rev F). It has additional plugs for a heated bed, but you will need to upgrade the power supply.
as far I know the manufacturer is providing free support for 6-12 months - for a $20 you could buy a two year extended warranty here http://www.amazon.com/dp/B005VGNI5M
I don't know for sure, but the one I purchased was RV01 probably an earlier version than RV02... It has potential but it needs a huge improvement on suction power...
contact the Manufacturer at service@rotechvacuum.com and they will gladly ship you!!
Maria, I don't know off hand, but the Rotech service department will likely have a recommendation. The address is: service@rotechvacuum.com
Very small. Like half a cup
Absolutely! It works very well on my hardwood floors but it is also capable of going across our low grade area rugs without getting stuck.
There is no HEPA filter. There is a dust filter but it does not qualify as HEPA.
Bought this with a whole house of ceramic tiles. It works beautifully.
I find no dust after it does its job. It says HEPA so I expect it to be HEPA.
It does come with extra filter and the mop feature.
This product has a 115v/230v toggle. Toggling between these two settings is as easy as flipping a switch on the power supply. This is covered on page 5 of the Manual.
It's 8.90" x 5.70" x 5.9" (225 mm x 145 mm x 150 mm). You may install Maker Bot's program, then select Replicator (Dual), to test if your design fits.
I haven't tried cura yet.
Maker ware
37.0 lbs according to the FedEx label on the box mine shipped in.
yes. When you download replicator and python, use the window 7 download.
I have used MakerWare to export .x3g files to it. It printed with no issue. I selected the Replicator (Dual) as the printer type. So far I have only printed using the SD card, but it also has the capability to print directly to the printer with a USB cable.
FlashForge Creator and this printer are basically clones of The Replicator by Makerbot. FlashForge provides a warranty and has dedicated support lines. I wouldn't expect that level of support with this printer.
An instruction pamphlet comes with it. You go to replicat.org and download the free software which is complete. I would strongly advise that you purchase a roll of the tape to cover the table. If you choose to use painters tape, bigger parts tend to come unstuck before the part is finished and you have to start all over.
It comes assembled and yes it is what is advertised. I really like it. There is a learning curve but yes you should like it
It's roughly 12x11x10. It is a bit smaller then that but if you look at lulzbot.com they have all the details. I just bought one from amazon and have been very impressed.
Simple answer is Yes( with some considerations) - we usually add some material for support and take it out after the print so it will weigh less depending on how much you remove.
The software uses a file type of .STL, which should be an easy "save as" in Solidworks.
You need the flex nozzle for NinjaFlex. The standard Budaschnozzle won't work. See http://www.lulzbot.com/ninjaflex for details.
I do not personally print with Ninjaflex however some of my friends who do offered this advice: "Technically you "can" print ninja flex with a regular extruder about as well as you can dig a hole with a fork. It is not recommended due to the bending tendencies of the filament. You would have a significant # of problems and the loss of your time would easily be worth the Flex struder tool head." From my experiences when it comes to 3D printing, having the right tool for the right job is always worth it.
240C
Unfortunately this is just a terrible printer for detail. It seems to do ok if you slice the object layers small enough, but the print times will be horrendous. The problem that I have had is that this printer knocks smaller prints off of the bed if there is not enough support material or the base is not bigger than four inches. Bottom line, an M2 or even an Ultimaker would be better for smaller prints. I own all three and Those would be my two choices for detail.
Adafruit.com put together a video to answer this question - https://learn.adafruit.com/taz-4-1-dot-75-filament-upgrade/
Looks like Taz 5 is listed directly from lulzbot and not through matterhackers. Buy the Taz 5 obviously. It has some nice upgrades from the 4.
Yes, same warranty and service.
I just contacted Printrbot earlier today and they said they began shipping out some of the new simple maker kit yesterday. So Amazon should be receiving them relatively soon. Also, the reason Amazon says it will take 2-4 months to ship is because they do not have any in stock yet, but instead they are waiting for the product and do no want to get in trouble for giving consumers the wrong shipping date. So, to be extremely safe, amazon says it will take 2-4 months. In other words, amazon will get more stock soon, but doesnt want to get in trouble for wrong delivery times.
Yes. From the picture, it's the same as I got directly. Metal base, aluminum extruder & auto-level-probe are all visible. Received it direct from PB in ~10 days, FWIW.
Yes! Printrbot sells the "Printrbot Simple XL Upgrade with Spool Rack for Maker's Kit 1405" right now that increases your build volume to 185mm x 100mm x140mm. This wasn't available when I wanted to upgrade our printer. I was able to extend just the X axis (table side to side) without much effort or cost. I found a piece of T6511 aluminum on eBay that was 4.5"x14", a 36" length of 8mm smooth linear rod also on eBay, and a long length of GT2 belt direct from Printrbot. We used all the same table pieces from the original kit. Total cost was under $50 and we increased our print area from 100x100x100mm to 260x100x100mm. We did need to print out wider support "legs" as the printer would tip over sideways when the table moved too far one way or the other! You can also increase the Y axis with a little more effort by printing parts for the "1405 300mm No Sag, Printrbot Simple" on thingiverse. While I haven't build this one, I feel I've pushed the amount of actual table weight the frame of the Printrbot Simple can take. If I were to extend the Y axis and need deeper table, I would not go all the way out to 300mm. To increase the Z axis, you need two longer linear rods and a longer Z axis threaded rod. If you want to go up much more than standard, you will need to extend the cables feeding the upper portion of the printer. The Printrbot kit adds external support to these linear rods.
to control the printer, I suggest http://www.repetier.com/ to get started designing 3-D objects, I suggest http://www.openscad.org/ NEAT little printer.
I have had very good luck with 3M blue painter's tape that I clean with alcohol after each print. The PLA prints seem to stick like crazy and I have to pry them off the stage. I haven't printed to the full extent of the stage but it is working fine for now.
I've not managed to find anyone who makes a 100mm heated bed although the board can take one and the print bed has drilled holes for one so no abs
it comes with a very small amount ,so yes you need to get some ,i would suggest Hatchbox brand ,good price ,and works great
Correct. I have managed to get mine to make a small part that HAD to be ABS for tempurature reasons. I printed into a puddle of super glue ( a trick I found on the internet) and it worked, but it took a few tries. Lots of people have added a heated bed to their simples, and they print ABS just fine.
This isn't exactly a straightforward question to answer because the printer does not ship with its own software, instead it can be run by many open source software packages - and the software used to run the printer has a drastic effect on part quality. If you don't mind printing the same part multiple times and iteratively adjusting the 3d model it I'm sure you could end up with something that is workable no matter which software you were running. That being said I don't think it would be great at printing a gear that was less than 10mm in diameter, but this is true of most fdm printers. Also PLA might not be an ideal material for gears, if possible I would make them out of nylon and if that was not avalible I would go with ABS. That doesn't mean you can't use PLA for gears, you could, but they might need to be replaced often if it's a torque application.
My answer would depend one how willing you are to tinker. The setup time for this version is not underestimated. It took 7+ hours to get it up and printing, and more to calibrate it to within my liking. From my understanding the metal version is simpler to setup, but would require about the same time to calibrate it. I love the simple version, and for myself would choose it over the metal version.
Hi, It uses a 12v 5A power supply with 2.1mm barrel connector. I provide this when you buy from me (I provide everything needed to start mining straight away). Other sellers do not! Eyeboot
No it should run from a prepared bat file with all your mining details. The seller should help you set this up. I do it for all my customers. Make sure you have the anu_freq 270 line or it will be slow. Also make sure you have a PSU that is strong enough. there is cgminer support and bfgminer is being prepared in 1-2 weeks.
Yes, the miner will only pull the watts it needs.... 60w is about perfect, you wouldnt want anything less pulling 100% max power all the time.
Don't use bfgminer - use rockminer's custom-forked cgminer on a PC (https://github.com/rockminerinc/cgminer-for-R-BOX) with Zadig's USBtoUART bridge drivers. If you have a Mac, you might have to ask one of the miner devs/search the forums for help. I tried everything, but couldn't get my Macbook (running 10.9.1) to recognize it, even though the same SI Labs drivers work for 4x Antminer U2 on it. However, it works fine on my Lenovo Yoga 2 - just had to install the Zadig drivers and run rockminer's forked script.
So I started with bitminer but Haribo (Bitminter pool operator) hasn't gotten around to adding support for the bitminter client yet. However, rockminer has their own customized cgminer module which is about as easy to use/setup. Look up Dogie's guide and it'll give you most of the info you need: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=639030.0 Seriously, its extremely easy to scale - setup one unit and the rest work perfectly via plug and play within seconds of adding them to your USB network. Additionally, any other ASICMINER hardware you add should scale relatively easily as well due to the R-Box's use of the Block Eruptor protocol(anyone else who has a more technical background, feel free to correct me if I'm blatantly wrong - I've found compatibility to be a non-issue when switching between OSX and windows 8.1 systems). As a last recommandation, I might suggest putting some bids in on eBay before buying on Amazon - prices are oftentimes cheaper there depending on the current projected difficulty increase. Use https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty as a reference for buying.
Angelo, Your corsair 850 will work fine as long as you have 60watts of available power on your 12V rail. its a single 12v rail so just calculate how much power you are already using on the 12v. If you have a spare molex adapter laying around you will connect the white and red cables to the black and yellows if you are modifying your own power cables. barrel adapter is white n red leads. white will go to black red will go to yellow. the yellow on your psu is 12v power rail. each 6 pin PCIE cable can also support 3 Rockminers. I will be shipping my rockminers out with these PCIE adapter cables, laptop chargers, or with just the barrel plug. these options should be available next week with new prices to reflect the costs of these various adapters.
Sure you can.
12v 5a will work fine.
only with a raspberry pi or similar.. other wise computer is needed.
Whether or not you get a power supply depends on the vendor. Some provide them, others do not. I got mine from Eyeboot, and they did come with power supplies. The Rockminer takes 12 volts at between 5-7 amps and a 2mm plug and it is happy.
